226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ing the said rebellion was not known to be opposed
thereto, and distinctly in favor of its suppression, and
bo pardon heretofore granted or hereafter to be
granted shall authorize the paymentof such account,
claim, or demand, until this resolution is modified or
repealed.
No objection was made to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that a joint resolution ?
Mr. DELANO. It ie, and I ask its passage
now.
The joint resolution received its first and
second readings, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREE SCHOOLS IS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, had I got
lie floor at the time when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] sat down, I had intended,
perhaps irregularly, to have said one word in
regard to his position. I will only now say,
however, that I think the argument of the editor
is altogether the better of the two and perfectly
conclusive; and that while I do not charge the
gentleman to be the author of it, the doctrine
implied in his resolution is the most pernicious
which can possibly be brought to obstruct
the final reconstruction of this Government.
But I am not going into the argument as it
might look out of place after the gentleman has
left the floor. I have only thought it proper to
say this much in favor of the argument of one
who cannot appear here himself, and which I
deem conclusive and entirely more satisfactory
than that of the gentleman from Ohio. I now
ask leave to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed
to report a bill to establish a system of free common
schools for the District of Columbia from which no
child over the age of sir years, residing in said Dis-
trict, shall be excluded except for improper conduct.
The schools to be supported by taxes impartially
levied on the assessable property of the District,
together with such fixed annual appropriation as
Congress shall grant.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and agreed to.
surveys of western rivers.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House the report of Major
General Warren of the surveys made during the past
season under his supervision of the upper Mississippi
river and its tributaries, including the Minnesota,
Cannon, and Zumbro rivers with a view to the im-
provement of the navigation of the same.
william p. wing-ate.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means a joint
resolution which passed the Senate last session
in relation to the settlement of the accounts of
William P. Wingate, collector of the port of
Bangor, Maine.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that, whereas certain goods (molasses and
salt) were imported by certain parties and
held in bond in the custom-house at Bangor,
Maine, on the 2d day of May, 18G4, and
were on that day released and withdrawn upon
the payment of the duties imposed therein
prior to the enactment of the joint resolution
of April 29, 1864, the collector not then having
received official notice of such enactment, and
whereas the said collector is now charged with
fifty per cent, additional to the amount already
paid upon the said goods, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall in the settlement of the accounts
of said William P. Wingate, not exact from
him payment of the additional duty of fifty per
cent, imposed by the joint resolution of April
20, 1804, on the merchandise thus withdrawn
from consumption by the parties named on the
2d day of May, 1864, and shall order the can-
eellipg of the several bonds given by the im-
porters.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not folly understand
this joint resolution, and therefore 1 think we
had better, according to the understanding, go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the President's annual message;
and I make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
let me explain this joint resolution. It ought
to pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go
into committee;
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will withdraw his
motion nntil this joint resolution shall have been
disposed of. I think there can be no objection
to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time and passed.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT CHICAGO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in reply to a resolution of the House
of the 17th instant, in regard to a site for a
marine hospital at Chicago.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the com-
munication be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
estimates of post office department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General,
submitting estimates of appropriations for the
year ending June 30, 1868, in compliance with
the act of July 2, 1836 ; which was referred to
the Committee of Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and procecd to the consideration of the
President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Welker in the chair,) and proceeded to the
eonsideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Hise was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Chairman, before I resume
my argument, I beg leave to make a few sug-
gestions for the benefit of the reporters. The
report which has already been made of my
remarks on Monday last, is incorrect in a few
unimportant particulars. For instance, I used
the name "Pinckney" in the plural, "Pinck-
neys;'' for there were two Pinckneys in the
Federal Convention from South Carolina, and
in speaking of the representation in that con-
vention from Georgia, I used the word "Few''
instead of the word l;Fee,'' I did not say as
reported, that I did not desire to be elected,
but that I did not seek or desire the nomina-
tion. In other places conjunctions have been
inserted which were not used by me, and occa-
sionally some few words have been omitted
which I did use. However, I have no reason
to complain of the report, for it is generally
correct.
I would also remark for the benefit of the
reporters, that the ripest scholar in belles-let-
tres and philology, in the heat and haste of
extemporaneous debate, may and will commit
errors and blunders, both in style and gram-
mar. If I should do so, it would not be inten-
tional, and I hope that such a report may be
made of my remarks to-day as not to convict
me of such blunders.
Mr. Chairman, when I closed my remarks
on Monday last, I was discussing the theoret-
ical views of the two political schools of this
country, which had their origin, as I then
remarked, at the time of the origin of the Gov-
ernment. I endeavored briefly to define the
principles of the school to which I belorg, in
which I have been educated, and which all my
subsequent reading and experience have con-
firmed in my mind, as the only true and correct
theory of our Government. This Government
I assumed to^be a Government exclusively of
States; that it can be only a Government of
States, and that the Government provided by
the Constitution for States cannot legitimately
govern anything but States.
I deny the right of the Government of the
United States, through all its departments and
by aH its governmental machinery, under the
Constitution of the United States, legitimate-
ly to govern any people, to rule and control
by laws or the execution of laws, any people
living outside of the boundaries and terri-
tory of the States in the Union, or such as
may thereafter be admitted into the Ujiion.
At the same time that I plant myself impreg-
nahly as I have done upon that position, I
admit thatin progress of time, even very early
in the history of our Government, the United
States being the grantee of large bodies of
lands and territory unsettled, except perhaps
by hostile tribes of Indians, when those lands
began to be occupied, settled upon, and owned
and possessed by large bodies of people, the
Congress of the United States did assume the
power of instituting and providing territorial
governments for the people inhabiting the
public domain. The title to these lands had
been acquired first by deeds of cession from
the various States, and also by treaties with
foreign Powers, as in the case of Florida and
Louisiana. Thatpower, thus originally usurped,
according to my deliberate judgment and opin-
ion, has been practiced upon, and there has
been a continuous exercise of .that power from
the time the first territorial government was
made, which I think was in what is now the
State of Ohio.
It is not a matter material with reference to
the argument which was the first. The power
has been exercised repeatedly from that day
to this, the Congress of the United States as-
suming and exercising first, the power of insti-
tuting absolute governments for those people.
It provided fundamental laws for them, fixing
and regelating therein the mode and manner
of their government, usually, I believe, retain-
ing in the hands of the executive government
of the United States the power of appointment
of their executive and judicial officers, and
retaining in Congress the authority to revise
and repeal their local territorial legislation.
The Government of the United States usnally
supported the territorial government, paying
the Governor and the other executive officers,
and also paying the judges, appeals being
allowed from the decisions of the territorial
courts to the United States Supreme Court, as
the laws of the territorial Legislature were sub-
jected to the revision of the Congress of the
United States.
Now, I say.that this exercise of power by the
Government of the United States was origin-
ally, in my opinion, usurped without author-
ity. This has been denied, however, by the
latitudinarian school of politicians, who claim
that this Government is a popular Government,
who insist that its powers are only limited and
controlled by the extent of its ability to carry
its acts into effect by majorities. Where do
they find the warrant for the exercise-of this
power? I have not known any public man of
much character, any man having much respect
for his reputation, to hazard an opinion that
this power is derived from any other source
than that provision of the Constitution which
declares that Congress shall have power "to
dispose of and make all needful rules and reg-
ulations respecting the territory and other
property belonging to the United States." I
repeat, that I have no recollection of any pub-
lic man of much repute in this country, any
man who has occupied high public station,
either in the judicial or legislative department
of the Federal Government, that has contended
' that this power can be derived from any other
