1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
A bill (H. R. No. 1194) granting back pen-
sion to Mary J. Dexter;
A bill (H. H. No. 1195) for the relief .of Mary
B. Fowler:
A bill <H. R. No. 1196) granting a pension
to Peter Fisher;
A bill (II. R. No. 1197) for the relief of
Charles Valence ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1198) for the relief of the
orphan children of John Faris; _ ,
A bill (H. R. No. 1199) for the relief of Wil- J
liam H. Hafer ; I
A bill (H. R. No. 1200) for the relief of Ann i
I. Duehmann;
Abill (H. R. N. 1201) forthe relief of George 1
W. Knabb ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1203) forthe relief of Rufus
L. Harvey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1204) granting a pension :
to John Rogers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) granting a pension j
to William Gleason;
A bill (H. R. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Joseph Wrenn; 1
A bill i H. R. No. 1207) granting a pension 1
to Charles Maus;
A bill (H. R. No. 1208) increasing the pen-
sion of John Russell; i
A bill (H. R. No. 1209) granting back pen-
sion to Margaret Boucher;
A bill (H. R. No. 1210) increasing the pen-
sion of Levi M. Roberts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension
to Effie J. Harvey ;
A bitt (H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of
Nancy Hinton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1213)for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Staley;
A bill (H. R. No. 1214) for the relief of
Daniel MeMahon;
A bill (H. R. No. 1215) for the relief of
Thomas Glasgow •,
A bill (H. R. No. 1216) granting a pension
to Mary Hosea;
A bill (H. R. No. 1217) granting a pension
to David B. Champion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
James Riddle;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) for the
relief of Obadiah Aderton;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) for the
relief of Daniel Cole ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) for the
relief of the orphan children of William Whelan.
These bills and joint resolutions were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R.
No. 811) for the relief of certain drafted men,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. S. E. Akcona, of Pennsylvania, Mr. J. A.
Bingham, of Ohio, and Mr. J. H. Ketcham, of
New York, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
1134) declaring and fixing the rights of vol-
unteers as a part of the Army, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed Mr. R. C.
Schexck, of Ohio, Mr. H. E. Paijte, of Wis-
consin, and Mr. C. Sitgreaves, of New Jersey,
managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; which
were therefore signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 497) granting a pension to
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould ;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum ;
A bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Charles
Appleton;
A bill (S. No. 585) for the benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page;
A bill (S. No. 554) granting a pension to
John Carter;
A bill (S. No. 556) forthe relief of Caro-
line McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee,
widow of Lemuel McGee, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of Mary
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee,
widow of Alexander D. Smith, deceased ;
Abill (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
Charles N. Weiss; ;
A bill (H. R-. No. 219) for the relief of j
Catharine Mock; ;
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald; i
A bill (H. R. No. 760) for the relief of James
C. Cook;
A bill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) for the j
relief of Martha McCook : and J
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 293) author- [
izing the employment of a vessel for the trans- ,
portation of provisions to the people of the
southern States.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, to whom were
referred the following bills, to ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration :
A bill (S. No. 484) to secure the speedy con-
struction of the Union Pacific railroad, south-
ern branch and telegraph line, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 518) to amend an act entitled
"All act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific
ocean," approved July 27, I860, and to facil-
itate the early construction of the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad;
A bill (S. No. 520) to aid in the construction
of the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad,
connecting the great lakes, Iowa, Missouri,
and Kansas, with Texas on the Gulf of Mexico,
and the Southwest with the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes ;
Abill (S. No. 539) to expedite the construc-
tion of the Southern Pacific railroad;
A bill (S. No. 567) to authorize and pro-
vide for the construction of a military and
postal road from Galveston, in the State of
Texas, to Fort Gibson, in the Indian Territory,
with a branch to Little Rock, in Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 591) to amend an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to
the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes," approved July
1, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 600) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the city of Lawrence, in the State of
Kansas, to the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico, in the direction of the
city of Guayamas, on the Gulf of California;
and
Abill (S. No. 516) additional to an act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound, on the Pacific coast, by the north-
ern route.
In respect to these several bills which I have
reported back to the Senate, asking to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, the
committee also instruct me to say that owing
to the pressure of other business at the pres-
ent session of Congress they have deemed this
the most expedient course; but they do not
make these reports with a view to prejudice
the merits of any of these bills.
The reports were agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom were referred the
memorials of the Chamber of Commerce of
Memphis, Tennessee, praying that the Union
Pacific railroad, southern branch, may be as
liberally endowed as the Union Pacific railroad
and its northern branches, and the memorial
of the president of the St. Paul and Pacific
Railroad Company of Minnesota, praying for
a grant of land and money equal to that made
to the Northern Pacific ltailroad Company and
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 937) to authorize changes in location
of lights and other aids to navigation on the
southern coasts of the United States, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (He R. No. 805) to restore the posses-
sion of lands confiscated by the authorities of
the States lately in rebellion, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the memorial of the State Historical
Society "of Iowa, praying for a modifiation of
the postal laws, so as to permit postage on
pamphlets, paper, books, &c., forwarded to
historical societies to be paid on delivery, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 618) to amend the laws
relating to the Post Office Department; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 283) authorizing the Sec-
retary of State to present to Captain James
G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria, a gold
chronometer, in token of appreciation of his
services in rescuing from death the master,
officers, crew, and passengers on board of the
American brig E. H. Fitler, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1167) to au-
thorize entry and clearance of vessels at the
ports of Boothbay and Saint George, Maine,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 616J to reduce the number of members
of the levy court of the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 603) to authorize the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1039) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 1868, to report
it with amendments; and I give notice that I
shall call it up for consideration on Saturday
next.
fort gratiot military reserve.
Mr. HOWARD. I am directed by the ftim-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 607) to
amend an act granting the right of way over
the military reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan,
to report it without amendment and recom-
mend its passage ; and I hope, if there be no
objection, that the bill may be put upon its
passage at once. I do not think it will occasion
any debate at all. The committee have looked
into it. I think its passage is quite necessary
for the benefit of the public as connected with
a railroad that has possession of a portion of
the military reserve.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill on the day it is reported. Is
there any objection?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not raise any
objection on the statement of the honorable
