186a
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE
States their constitutional share ©f representa-
tion for "no higher reason that I can eoneeive
of than the one I have stated, but you go still
farther. Not only do you attempt to control
these people without representation, without
warrant or authority of law, but you establish
over them a military despotism* You refuse
to allow them to participate' in the Govern-
ment, nor will you allow them to* govern
themselves in their own; internal concerns.
There has been introdiifefed here a bill (which
I have bat cursorily examined) to overthrow
and demolish these State governments alto-
f ether, taking away all the authority of the
taijes to govern themselves, to control their
own domestic interests, to regulate the fran-
chise or suffrage—to foist upon those States a
government to be enforced by congressional
power; and the President is to be ordered to
Use the military and naval forces of the country
to overthrow the existing State governments
and to impose upon them other governments
in their stead, and in which demolition and
substitution they have no choice but submis-
sion. This would imply a deliberate purpose
to surrender those State governments into the
hands of the negroes, disfranchising the white
population and enfranchising the slaves that
formerly belonged to them. This is the policy
indicated by measures already adopted and by
measures which seem to be contemplated.
In addition to this, my northern friends are
engaged in another , work of mischief and de-
struction which, if it prevails, will actually sub-
vert the character or the Government, which
will sweep away all the guaranties for the main-
tenance of the rights and powers of the States,
giving to a single department of the Govern-
ment entire control, regardless of constitutional
restraints. The predominance of the Repub-
lican party of the North in both branches of
Congress is Such that they seem to have become
fiercely aggressive upon the executive depart-
ment of the Government, and seem disposed to
disregard altogether the division and distribu-
tion of power among the several departments
of the Government, as laid down in the Consti-
tution. We know that outside of these Halls
they have threatened to depose the head of the
executive department by impeachment, for no
cause known to the Constitution or laws, for
nothing except acts which, in my humble opin-
ion, prove him to be an honest, patriotic, and
devoted friend of constitutional liberty.
I do not deny, nay, I admit, that Andrew
Johnson, both before and since he became
President of the United States, has done and
said things which are so entirely in conflict
with what I regard as sound political doctrine,
so opposed to the principles to which he him-
self adhered in the earlier part of his public
career, that I cannot and never shall approve
of them. I will not specify the things to which
I now refer. But it will be observed that those
opinions and acts of the President officially
pronounced and performed by him within six
years past which the judgment of his former
political friends condemn are approved heart-
ily, no doubt, by his present political enemies.
Those acts of President Johnson for which, if
for any thing, he ought to have been impeached,
according to the views of those who think with
me, are the very things which are virtues in
the estimation of the gentlemen on the other
side. NojVj when President Johnson has be-
come alive to the necessity of preserving con-
stitutional government, when ho has become
satisfied that usurpations of power has been
practiced and unconstitutional laws been en-
acted by the present Congress, and now seeks
to interpose with his veto power to protect the
Constitution and save the liberties of the peo-
ple, gentlemen on the other side propose to
impeach him.
There are things in his presidential career
for which I admire him, and which induce
me to overlook many things he has said and
done during the last six years.
Now, sir, your party predominance it seems
will be endangered if you allow these States to
remain in the Union; that if yoaallowthem rep-
resentation in Congress it will endanger your
party predominance; that these $640,000,000
of public treasure in that state of the case
would not be monopolized by you; that you
want all of the patronage in all the- depart-
ments of the Government, and that you are
not in favor of any division of it -whatever.
You fear that patronage would be endangered
unless you should in substance overthrow^
prostrate, and destroy the executive depart-
ment of the Government by impeachment of
the President.
It appears by the various movements which
have been made that the object is to deprive
the Executive of his power. You propose to
take away his power, his absolute, uncontrol-
lable power of appointment, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. You pro-
pose to take away his power of. removal of
public officers except exercised with the con-
sent of the Senate.
At present, as Congress is constituted, yon
have as large a majority in the United States
Senate as here and can rely upon the Senate
that no man shall receive an appointment un-
less he be a Radical, and that no officer being a
Radical shall be removed. If the nomination
be made of a man not a Radical in furtherance
of the measures and purposes you have in
contemplation, he would be rejected by the
Senate; If a man thus rejected be appointed
again it is to be a high crime and misdemeanor.
If a man already in office is of your faith and
politics he is not to be removed without the
concurrence of the Senate.
So that in the matter of removals and ap-
pointments it seems to me to be the design
and purpose to destroy in substance the power
of the Executive over the subject of patronage;
and also as you have two thirds majority to
make the conservative principle contained in
our Constitution utterly useless and powerless.
It seems to be your design and purpose to carry
all of your measures, constitutional or uncon-
stitutional, so as to absorb all the powers of all
the other departments of the Government in
the hands of Congress, and thus remove all
the checks and balances intended in the very
frame-work and structure of the Government
to prevent usurpations.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask my colleague
whether ho is desirous of going on to-day?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am.
Mr. FINCK. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has not yet concluded his speech, and I
hope by unanimous consent his time may be
extended for half an hour.
Mr. McKEE. I hope the House will ex-
tend that courtesy to my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion the gentleman's time will be extended for
thirty minutes.
Mr. McKEE. I hope my colleague will be
allowed to go on without limitation until he
finishes his speech. I think it is only fair and
just that he should have as much time as he
IlGGCis.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Kentucky on my
motion the other day had his time extended
indefinitely, and I make the point that he has
a right to go on until he concludes his speech.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been ruled again
and again that such extensions are only for
one hour. There is no objection, and the gen-
tleman's time is extended for thirty minutes.
Mr. HISE. I will proceed, Mr. Chairman.
In the very beginning of the Constitution you
will find it is declared that the legislative
power hereby granted shall be vested in the
Senate and House of Representatives.
The qualification of a member of this House
in regard to age is, I believe, that lie shall be
twenty-five years of age, and of a Senator of
the United States thirty-five. The power was
lodged in two Houses instead of one, with the
hope that one branch of the Legislature, might
operate as a check upon the other in order to
preserve a constitutional government and pre-
vent unconstitutional usurpations. But as the
present Congress is constituted, both branches
unite and harmonize with an overwhelming
majority. They have created a joint commit'
tee, of which it appears I am a member, a.most'
agreeable circle, ealled a committee on recon-.
struction. That committee it seems clevises
the whole scheme ofpolicy which is to be.pur-
sued by the party ia power on this subject" of
representation. After being agreed upon iri
the committee the schemes are ratified ia both
Houses.
Now, this valuable check is overthrown. The
Constitution is to be put into execution by the
official machinery therein provided for. It has
provided that the Legislature should constitute
one branch of the Government, the executive
another, and the judicial another. Why was it
thus distributed ? Because it wag believed that
there was no security that the Constitution itself
would be respected, and that a Government
outside of the Constitution inaugurated by a
series of acts of usurpation might be instituted
regardless of its limitations and guarantees,
conservative of the powers of the States and
the liberty of the citizen, therefore, in order
that it should conserve itself, that there should
be a principle of conservatism within its own
provisions, the framers of the Constitution
divided the powers therein granted between
three separate and independent departments;
and in regard to the legislative power provided
that it should be placed in two Houses, with
the hope, as I said, that one would cheek the
other, and if not, here was the Executive with
the veto power provided, so that it might be
interposed to prevent congressional usurpation.
Then, here was the judicial power, created in
the hope that if there should be usurpation of
power or an attempt to control the Government
regardless of constitutional inhibitions, that
power might check it. The Supreme Court
was established with authority and power to
pronounce all such acts null and void.
These checks and balances were indispen-
sably necessary in order that the Constitution
should be preserved inviolate. We know
from former history, we know. from present
events and signs that the greatest possible
danger to a republican government and to free
institutionsproceeds from its legislative branch.
There lies the danger to the maintenance of
the rights of the States and of those guarantees
intended to protect personal liberty. If the
Government is already free it remains free so
far as the judicial and executive branches of
the Government are concerned. The people
should be lightly burdened, and not oppressed
with a revolting system of taxation such as this
country is laboring under now; butwhat depart-
ment is it that imposes this grinding taxation
upon them? It is the legislative branch. It
is by and through the law-enacting depart-
ment of the Government that nearly all the
usurpations take place by which free govern-
ments are overturned. Therefore the party
controlling the legislative department and
seeking to overturn free government always
strike down, if possible, judicial independence.
During the last six years we have seen a
party striking at the judicial department of this
Government, and we have seen the judicial
power shrink and cower until it became the
servile agent and mercenary tool of the Con-
gress of the United States in sanctioning or
refusing to interpose to prevent the enslave-
ment of the American people, in permitting
the unlawful suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus and the institution of military domina-
tion throughout the whole land. We have seen
the judiciary of the country tamely and ser-
vilely submitting and becoming the subser-
vient instrument of these usurpations of power
by the legislative and executive branches of
Government, not choosing to interpose to check
it and to protect the rights and liberties of the
