1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
feas doubled the sufferings and distress of the poor:
therefore.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
&e., That there is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
the sum of $25,000, to bo paid to Major General O.
0. Howard, to be distributed to the suffering poor
of this District, without distinction of race or color,
in such sums or in such mode as may seem to him
shall be proper; and that he report his acts and
doings under this act in'detail to the next Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to know
whether the gentleman from Illinois will allow
me to offer an'amendment, that the sum so
appropriated shall be embraced in the next
tax levy of the eity of Washington ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. CQNKLINGr. What is the objection ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think it would be
unjust to impose this upon the tax-payers of
this city. There are several thousand peo-
ple 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
Mr. McKEE. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. Does the 'gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for that motion?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to my colleague that
5xe insert a like appropriation for the city of
Peoria, Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
reports from committee on commerce.
Mr. ELIOT. Will my colleague yieHKo me ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say that there are
several matters of public interest to be reported
from the Committee on Commerce, among
others the river and harbor appropriation, and
■there has no opportunity offered for reports
■from that committee. I thereforensk that one
week from next Saturday, after the morning
hour, the Committee on Commerce may have
an opportunity to report; and in the mean
time I am in hopes that the river and harbor
bill will be reported and printed, in order that
action may be had upon it at that time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield for that.
congressional printer.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the bill
reported on Saturday from the Committee on
Printing, providing for the election of a con-
gressional printer, the pending question being
upon Mr. Trimble's motion to lay the bill on
the table, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to postpone the regu-
lar order of business for one hour.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
38, noes 61.
Mr. PRICE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. EnoTand
Humphrey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes GO, noes 38.
So the consideration of the regular order of
business was postponed for one hour.
reports prom the committee on commerce.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable me ta move that Saturday
week be assigned f©r the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Would
it be in order for me to move to amend so as
to include the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency? I do not know of any reason why this
privilege should be extended to the Committee
on Commerce and not to other committees.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to amend a motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—ayes eighty;
noes not counted.
39th Con®. 2d Sess.—No. fi3.
So the rules ivere suspended, two thirds of
the members present voting therefor.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move that Saturday
next, after the morning hour, be set apart for
the consideration of reports from the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
poor of the district 01? columbia. _
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce a joint resolu-
tion appropriating $25,000 for the relief of the
poor of the District of Columbia. . *
Mr. LE BLOND. I have repeatedly ob-
jected to this resolution, and shall do so now
unless the gentleman will embrace the mayors
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The mayor of the city
of Washington does notdesir'e to be one of the
persons to distribute this fund.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 43, noes 5SJ.
So (twothirdsnotvotingin favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No.
94) providing for the payment of certain Ken-
tucky militia forces.
enrolled bill and joint resolution signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 433) for the relief of E. J.
Curley ; and a
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) providing
for the payment of certain Kentucky militia
forces.
reconstruction.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to offer the following preamble
and resolutions:
Whereas the overthrow of the prmod forces of the
rebellion left the people of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Flonda, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas "deprived
of all civil government;" and whereas thegovern-
ments now existing in those States, established by
the President of the United States, have no consti-
tutional sanction, and, being under the control and
administration ot'the leaders of the rebellion, fail to
afford to loyal citizens of the United States that pro-
tection to which they aro entitled: Therefore,
Resolved, Thatitistheduty of Consressirnmodiatcly
to establish such governments over those States as
shall maintain the authority of the national Govern-
ment, suppress violence, establish order, and protect
all the citizens thereof in their lawful lights, to the
end that they may as speedily as is consistent with
the safety of the nation be restored to their former
relations to the Union.
Resolved, That in the formation of new State gov-
ernments for those States all loyal citizens have a
right to participate and should he protected m the
exercise of such rights by the national Government.
Mr. LE BLOND. Do these resolutions
come in on leave?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine moves to suspend the rules to enable
him to offer them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do not these resolutions
go to the joint Committee on Reconstruction
without debate?
Mr. LYNCH. I move to suspend the rule
which requires these resolutions to go to the
joint Committee on Reconstruction, together
with all other rules that would prevent their
being received and considered at this time.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
and if agreed to by a two-thirds vote the reso-
lutions will come before the House for consid-
eration until rejected or adopted, or disposed
of in some other way.
Mr. LE BLOND. I- call for the yeas and
nays upon suspending the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us take a vote
by division first.
Mr. LE BLOND. We may as well take the
yeas and nays at once; but if "gentlemen desire
it I will withdraw my call for the yeas and nays
and let the question be first taken by a di\ ision.
The question was then taken upoti suspend-
ing the rules ; and upon a division, there were—
ayes twenty.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. LYNCH called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeasand nays; and upon a division, there were—
ayes fourteen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes twenty-two.
So, there being in the affirmative one fifth
of a quorum, tellers were ordered.
. Messrs. Lynch and Ingersoll were ap-
pointed tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes,23, noes 46.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYEll. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There is one privileged
motion now pending—the motion by the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] to suspend
the rules in order to allow him to introduce the
resolutions which have been read.
Mr. THAYER. Is not another privileged
motion in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn would
be in order.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the regular order was
postponed for an hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can enter
a motion to reconsider that vote, but it cannot
now be acted upon, pending the motion to
suspend the rules; for if that motion should
be agreed to it would suspend the rule by
which the subjcct referred to by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] was made
the regular order.
Mr. THAYEll. I would inquire of the Chair
if a suspension of the rules under this motion
would bring the resolutions of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lyncii] before the House
for discussion and consideration at the present
time, to the exclusion of the regular business
of the House ?
The SPEAKER. That would be the effect
of the motion if agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. Then I hope the rules? will
not be suspended.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 00, nays 82, not voting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Boutwcll, Brandegee,
Broomall, Gundy. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom. Demiii'i, Dixon, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Kccjleston, Grmnell, Abr.er C. Harding,Hayes,
Hi^by, Hill, Ingersoll, Julian. Kasson, Ivellev,Kelso,
William Lawrence,Loon.Lynch.Maynard,MeUurg,
Morrill, Moulton,O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Perham,Pike,
Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabai'ger, Sloan,
and Stephen F. Wilson—60.
KAYS —Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Baker, Leaman,
Bergen, B.ncliani, Blow, Boyer. Luckland, Camp-
bell, Colliding, Cooper, Davis, Dawes, Decrees, Del-
ano, Eckley, Kldndee. Enot, Jarasworth, 1 arciuhar.
Ferry, Fmek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, G-eodjear,
Aaronllarding, Hanis, Hawkins, Henderson,Ilogan,
Holme* Hooper, Hoteli kiss, .lohn II. Hubbard, Edwin
N Hubbell. James R. Hubbell, llulburd.Humphrey,
Hunter, Jenckes, Ketcham, ICoontz, Ku.vkendall,
Laflin, GeorffC V. Lawrence, Lo Blond, Lettwieh,
Lonsryear, Marshall. Marvin, Mclndoe, MeRuer,
Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Niblack, Nicholson.Noell,
Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William
ii. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau. Schcnck.Shanklin, Spalding, NathanielG. Tay-
lor, Thaver, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridgo, Andrew
ii. Ward, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Windom.
and Winficld—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, DelosR. Ashley,
Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine. Brom-
well, Chanler, Culver, Darling, Dawson. Demson,
J)ad'-'e. Driggs, Griswold, Hale, IIar(, Hise, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard. Domas Hubbard,
Jones, Kerr, Latham, Marston,. McCulloch, Mc-
Kee, Mercur, Myers, Newel1' ?attr?rs,?n'„P^E®'f,™"
ford, Alexander H. tTh™™'
Starr, St.r()U80|Taber, Nelson Taylor, John xj.-i hooaas,
