994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wetter,
Williams, Woodbridge, and Wright—48.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
REMOVAL OF NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr._ SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules in order to enable me to offer a resolution
for action at this time.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion ; I mo4ve to reconsider the vote by which
the regular order was postponed for an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
hear my resolution read; I am not certain but
Philadelphia is interested in it.
Mr. THAYER. I will hear the resolution
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of an imme-
diate removal of the United States Naval Academy
from its present location in the State of Maryland
to some point in aloyal State whero the pupils in that
institution willbesecuroagainstthe surrounding po-
litical and social influences hostilo to the national
Government, which now predominate at Annapolis;
and that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw my motion to
reconsider. I
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, in order to enable me to submit
for consideration at the present time the reso-
lution which has just been read.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. On that motion I call for
the veas arid nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 30, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, James
M. Ashloy, Baker, Baxter, Boaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell. Brandegee, Broomall, Buolcland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidnoy Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook^Cullom, Davis, Doming, Dixon, I'ieldoy, lingh-s-
ton, Eliot, I'arnsworth, Farquhar, Perry, Garfield,
wrinnoll, Abncr C. Harding, Hawkins, Haves, Hen-
derson, Hifirby, Hill, Holmes, Hoopor, Hotchkiss,
John II. Hubbard, James It. llubbell. Hulburd, ln-
gorsoll, Jenokes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Ivclso,
Kotchara, lvoontz, Lailin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mars-
ton, Maynard, McClurg, Molndoe, Miller, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton. O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Piko, Plants, Pomcroy, Price, William
II. Randall, Raymond, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenelc,
fwefiold, hhellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes,
Thayer. Irowbridgo, Upson, Van Aornam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warnor,
Wentwortli, James 1'. Wilson, Stephen 1?. Wilson,
and Wnulom—98.
b...., „
Gooilj' , Ji/iiuil intmiriK, Harris, 111s0, JlOKan,
Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond,
Leltwich Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, NoolI.Sam-
Sf-1 II V ^ ®;0S3I Rousseau, Shanklin,
btilwo l, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, Francis Thomas,
i. horn on, Trimble, Andrew U. Ward, and Win-
field—-JO.
NOT VOTINO-Messrs. Ames. Arnoll, Dclos It.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barkor, Benjamin. Bidwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Chanter,Culver, Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Delano, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Dumont,Oriswo d, Hale, Ilart, Asahel W. Hubbard
Chester D, Hubbard, Denms Hubbard, Edwin N
Hubbnll, Jones, Latham, Marvin, MeCullo'Ugh, Mc-
Jvoe. McRucr, Merc.ur, Moorhead, Myers, Newell
Phelps, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, John H. lliee
Jtogers, SitffreavcH, Sloan, Starr, Strouso, Tabor,
poison laylor, John L. Thomas, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Wolker, Whaloy, Williams, Woodbridge, and
Wright—18.
So (two-thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
received.
Mr. SCHENCK. I damand the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. PAINE. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I desire to propose an
amendment to his resolution—to strike out the
words to inquire into the propriety of an
immediate removal," and insert in lieu thereof
the words to report a bill providing for the
immediate removal."
Mr. PIKE. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, I hope that if this amend-
ment be adopted the House will indicate to
what place the^ Academy shall be removed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Some gentlemen around
me ask me to modify my resolution by accept-
ing the amendment which the gentleman pro-
poses. I cannot do this; yet I am perfectly
willing that the House shall vote upon the
amendment; indeed, I am rather inclined to
vote for it myself.
I will simply say that I have offered the res-
olution in good faith. I have seen too much
of the social influences brought to bear upon
officers and soldiers stationed in the midst of
a community not sympathizing loyally with
such officers and troops to wish to expose any
longer these young cadets or pupils at the Naval
Academy to the influences which by reason
of their being educated at Annapolis may in-
juriously affect them as well as our future
Navy and the prosperity of the country.
Mr. PAINE. I do not desire a separate
vote on my amendment. Unless the gentle-
man from Ohio will accept it I prefer that it
should not be voted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. The opinions of members
vary so much in reference to the amendment
that I cannot accept it.
Mr. PAINE. Then I withdraw the amend'
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield if the gentle-
man wishes simply to ask a question. I do
not propose to open the subject for debate.
_ Mr. HARRIS. I do not wish to ask a ques-
tion ; I wish to debate the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for debate.
Mr. LB BLOND. I would like my colleague
t<5 inform us what particular necessity there is
for the passage of this resolution. I for one
have not heard any complaints on this subject,
and I know no reason why we should adopt
such a resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I want to
get the institution out of the political and social
atmosphere which exists at Annapolis.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; there
beirtg—ayes 07, noes 40.
The main question was ordered ; which was
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for a division of the
question upon this resolution, so that the vote
may be first taken upon that part of the reso-
lution ending with the words "to some point in
a loyal State."
_ The SPEAKER. This resolution cannot be
divided. The rule declares that a resolution
or motion may be divided "if it comprehend
propositions in substance so distinct that, one
being taken away, a substantive proposition
shall remain for the decision of the House."
The portion of the resolution following the
words the gentleman has quoted would not be
intelligible if standing alone.
The question was taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 108, nays 85, not voting 47; as
follows:
YJ3AS—Messrs. AUison,Ames, Anderson, .Tames M.
Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Boaman, Bingham. Blaine
ISoutwal], Brandogec, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conklmg Cook, Cullom, Davis, Defrees, Delano
Doming, Dixon, Donnelly Dumont, lickley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, larnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Giinnell
Otriswold, AbnerC. Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes!
lgKb/' ^lUf Holmosi Hooper, Hotchkiss
Chester D Hubbard, John II Hubbard, James R.
S , Ti-Cl ! Hulburd In?ersoll,Jen=kes, Julian, Kas-
son Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, 6eorge
V. .Lawrcnce, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Marston ftlaynard, McClurg, Mcludoe,
filler. Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, 0 IS eill, Orth, fame. Perham, Pike. Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, John H. Rice
Rollins Sawyer, fcchenck, Scoficld, Shellabarger,
gl?an, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
r Vai? w ni,Warne-fe Henry I>- Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Vt180"- fetePh<=n F. Wilson—108.
ru AYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Dodge. Eidndge, ITinck, G-lossbrcnnor, uood-
axi- 4Sr?P Hiding, Harris, Hise, Hogan, Edwin
P'-Hubbell Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Le Blond,
Leitwieh, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Sam-
uel J, Randall, Ritter. Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
previous
Stilwell, Nathaniel (J. Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thornton,Trimble, and Andrew H.Ward—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Blow, Chanler, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Daw-
son, Denison, Driggs, Farquhar, Hale, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Jones, Kuykendall,
Latham, Marvin, McCullough, Mercur, Myers, New-
ell, Patterson, Phelps, Radford, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Rogers, Sitgreavcs, Starr, Strouse,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Hamilton
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, Windom,
Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—47.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid, on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be and is
hereby respectfully requested to report to this House
what States now represented in Congress havo rati-
fied the amendment to the Constitution proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
_ The rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was received.
Mr. BING-HAM demanded the
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. BOUTWELL
suggested that the resolution be modffied so
as to read " directed" instead of " respectfully
requested."
Mr. BIN£rHAM accepted the modification.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTIVE FRANCHISE.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
for leave to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be, and is hereby, instructed to report a
bill conferring the elective franchise within said Dis-
tncton all foreign-born male persons over the age of
twenty-oneyears, who are entitled to naturalization
under existing laws, and who have resided one year
within the District, and have declared their intention
to become citizens of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
PERE MARQUETTE HARBOR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House, a report of the chief of
Engineers relative to the improvement of the
harbors of Pentwater and Pere Marquette;
which, on motion of Mr. Ferry, were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
BILLS ALLOWED TO BECOME LAWS.
The, SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following letter
from the Secretary of State.
The Clerk road as follows :
Department op State,
Washington, February 1,1867.
Sir: I have had the honor to receivean authentic-
ated copy of a preamble and resolution passed by tho
House of Representatives on yesterday, in which I
am directed to inform the House whether certain
laws, to wit: one a bill "to repeal section thirteen of
An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes,' approved July 17
1862, and_ another a bill "to regulate the elective
r??<Lhi®?, m the Territories of the United States:"
which bills are reported by the Committee on Enrolled
Bills to have been presented to the President of tiio
United States respectively on the 9th and 12th ultimo,
have been filed m my (this) Department.
In reply, I have respectfully to state that the two
laws referred to in the resolution were this day filed
I?,*!!!'! t. toKethei- with an accompanying
as folfows- William G. Moore, which note is
Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C..
a _ January 31,1867.
(Greeted bythe President to transmit to
you an apt to repeal section thirteen of an act to
1?surre^tion, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels.
