230
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Now, sir, I put this before the country. I
want it to understand what you are doing,
and I want to know if the country will con-
tinue to put a congressional majority in both
branches of Congress which will sanction your
headlong career toward the destruction of all
constitutional Government. Look at the ruin
that this Radical party hare brought upon the
country since they came into power. Look at
the deplorable condition of the times now, and
contrast them with what they were when through
sectional.agitation they succeeded in carrying
the elections by which they became entitled to
the possession and control of the Government.
They found the authorities of the Government in
the hands of men respecting the Constitution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. When?
■- Mr. HISE. When this party became enti-
tled to power.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I deny it. When
Mr. Lincoln came into the presidential chair
seven States were in rebellion.
Mr. HISE. Not a single State attempted to
withdraw from the Union until it was known
to the whole country that the North had con-
signed the Government to the political enemies
of the South, and which the South firmly be-
lieved when they, the Radicals, obtained the ac-
tual possession of it would be wielded, as it has
been, for the destruction of their constitutional
rights. At all events, if the party now in
power had never been put in its possession,
the Union at this day would have been pre-
served, the States at this day would have been
united, there never would have been any sev-
erance at all, because the Government would
have continued to be conducted on those be-
nign principles and under those constitutional
restraints that would have reconciled all the
States South and caused them to abandon any
purpose of secession.
Mr.ASHLEY, of Ohio. Of course if the South
could have ruled this country there would have
been no rebellion. The late Senator Douglas
made the declaration, however, after the war
began, that the South would go out anyhow the
moment they failed to rule the country.
Mr. HISE. We know very well that this
thing of disunion had been brewing for a great
number of years.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, it had.
Mr. HISE. One cause after another had
been piled up until their aggregate became so
great as to drive the Union asunder. Who is
to blame most for the severance of the Union,
for a portion of the States springing off from
the balance? I think those who inserted the
wedge and plied the hammer until they split it
to pieces are the party most to blame.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HISE. I would rather not, as my time*
is limited; but I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a very simple ques-
tion. I desire to ask him whether he regards
the causes of the rebellion, as stated by him,
as adequate to justify it.
Mr. HISE. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ Yery well.
Mr. HISE. No, sir. I am against dividing
the Union under any circumstances. Where the
forms of the Government are preserved; where
the framework and system of the Government
remains; where the functionaries of the Gov-
ernment continue to be selected in the manner
prescribed in the Constitution, I am not for
violently breaking off and resorting to disunion
or secession and rebellion. No, sir, I would
endure error, I would endure corruption, I
would endure usurpation in the hope that as
long as this framework of Government remains,
and so long as freedom of the press and of
discussion remain, with speech and reason still
left freeto combat error, a remedy for all these
evils might be found by a change of rulers,
effected peaceably and without revolution un-
der the Constitution itself and according to the
means of relief it may furnish.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the gentleman allow
me another question in this connection?
Mr. HISE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to know whether
freedom of speech had been respected in the
rebel States during the last tefi years before
the rebellion broke out.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, I did not intend
to go into, and I hope I will now be excused
from going into, the rights and wrongs of the
late civil war. I. do not want to go into the
merits of the question as to whether the wrong
was upon the one side or the other. I am for.
peace and Union, and I do not want to harrow
up or rasp the feelings of the coercionists and
war men of the North. I am not disposed to
charge a design of usurpation and a purpose to
establish an unconstitutional government on the
men, the people, the voters of the North. You
cannot*convince people unless you first concil-
iate them. If you first provoke and make war
upon them, it is in vain to reason with them
when thus excited and provoked. I hope the
northern people will yet learn the sad truth
that the South cannot be oppressed and enslaved
and they themselves escape.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the gentle-
man to set down the rebellion to the account
of the northern States.
Mr. HISE. I expressed the opinion that if
a party had never got into power in this coun-
try on an unconstitutional platform, or if after
they got into power on that unconstitutional
platform had consented to yield to a joint
compromise, there would have been no war.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. What did they
refuse to yield?
Mr. HISE. They refused to yield anything
of importance.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Did not the Thirty- i
Sixth Congress submit a constitutional amend-
ment making slavery perpetual in this country,
so that there should be no power in Congress
to change it?
Mr. HISE. Do you remember that the
President in his inaugural address, or in his
message to Congress, one or the other, said in
substance, I cannot repeat the exact words,
''That no Government could stand or would
stand if the party in power should be required
by the party out of power, as a condition of
their obedience, to surrender the main plank
of the platform of principles or policy upon
which they obtained power?1' Did not that
sentiment come from the then President of the
United States? He said that a Government
could not long stand where the party in power,
which had come into power upon a given set
of principles, upon a certain line of policy, was
required to abandon it, or any portion of it,
in order to secure the obedience of the party
out of power or of a certain section of the
Union.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. HISE. I would prefer not to do so.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. For a moment only.
Mr. HISE. Yery well; 1 will yield.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] if the
dominant party that came into power in 1861
did not propose an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States guarantying to the
States in the Union the right to control the
institution of slavery forever? And did not a
majority of the Thirty-Seventh Congress in
both the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives belong to the party of which the gentle-
man is a member when the southern States
went into rebellion ?
Mr. HISE. My recollection is not very dis-
tinct concerning the precise facts which oc-
curred about that time; but I remember the
general impression upon my mind. That im-
pression was that there was no hope of an ad-
justment or compromise by the requisite major-
ity in Congress and the requisite majority of the
northern States. I had no hope of it. Besides
that, the President said in substance that he
intended to use force, what force was necessary j
for the purposeof recapturing the United States j
forts, arsenals, mints, and public property, and I
enforcing the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States. I refer to that now to show that
war was determined upon and that toy com-
promise was out of the question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Determined on by
whom ? Does the gentleman say that it was
right for the South to take possession of the
United States forts there, and thus inaugurate
war? *
Mr. HISE. I do not.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man hold that when that was done this Govern-
ment ought quietly to have acquiesced?
Mr. HISE. I hold, sir, that this Union
could have been maintained and preserved by
wise and moderate measures without a resort
to the war by which so much injury has beea
unnecessarily brought upon the whole country,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. How?
Mr. HISE. It could have been maintained
and preserved without all the ruin and blood-
shed which ensued if the party coming into
power would only have abandoned a plank in
their platform and have given the requisite
guarantees to the southern States, which they
ought to have done, that they would agree to
an adjustment, which would have inspired con-
fidence that southern rights would not be in-
vaded or their institutions destroyed. That
platform was hostility to the institution of
slavery, an -avowed design to use the powers
of Government to abolish it. To that extent
the platform was unconstitutional, because the
history of this country proves that slavery was
a lawful institution, sanctioned and authorized
by British law, by colonial law, by the laws of
the States when they had achieved their inde-
pendence. and by the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] if the
platform upon which Mr. Lincoln" was elected
did not distinctly and positively disclaim any
intention to interfere with the institution of
slavery in any of the States? And I ask again
if we did not submit to the South an amend-
ment to the Constitution which provided that
the southern States should control slavery for-
ever.
Mr. HISE. This is leading me into a matter
which I did not intend to investigate. But I
will say that if they had consented in some
legitimate manner, in some binding form upon
which the southern States could have relied,
that there would be no attack made upon their
constitutional legal rights of property, no inva-
sion upon the institution of slavery, the Union
could have been preserved. That is my delib-
erate opinion.
Mr. KELLEY. With the permission of the
gentleman, I would like to ask him a brief
question right here. Will he yield for that
purpose ?
Mr. HISE. I will yield, though my time is
running out.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
whether he remembers any single compromise
made between the North and South with refer-
ence to which the South adhered to its bargain;
any one?
Mr. HISE. Well, I cannot recollect; I can-
not give facts, dates, or speeches, because they
have passed somewhat out of my recollection.
But my recollection is that the president of the
southern confederacy, Jefferson Davis, while he
remained in the Senate of the United States and
until his State passed her ordinance of seces-
sion, made as patriotic and earnest efforts to
have the difficulties of the country adjusted and
prevent disunion as any man in the American
Senate atthe time. That is my impression. Do
not ask me for dates, nor for what this man or
the other man said, nor the precise purport of
this, that, or the other proposition, because I
did not expect to discuss that subject and have
not the documents or facts before me. I can
only state my impressions.
Now, sir, suppose that the southern people
were wrong in the action which they took and
that it was both inexpedient and unauthorized,
