1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
refers were bills authorizing the erection of
bridges ; and of course what may have been
inserted in such bills might by possibility be
regarded in the light of a contract with refer-
ence to those bridges. This is not that case.
Here a bridge has already been built, was built
before the passage of the law passed at the
last session regulating bridges across the same
rir&r, and this bridge, having been built before
the passage of that law, does not conform in
all particulars to that law. The object of the
present bill is to legalize for the present the
bridge as built. There can no implication
arise from the building of a bridge under a law
in which a contract was made that it might be
built in a particular way. The purpose and
scope of this bill is but to say that so long as
Congress may find that this bridge as it stands
presents no material obstruction to the navi-
gation of the river it shall be considered a post
route, but with power in Congress to amend
or alter the law in any way so as to remove
any obstruction that future experience may
show it does present. Now, the proviso in
this bill is the same as that in the general law
passed at the last session with reference to
bridges over this river throughout its length.
Section thirteen of that law reads thus :
" The right to alter or amend this act so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the navi-
gation of said river by the construction of bridges is
hereby expressly reserved."
In the general law that we passed at the last
session authorizing the building of bridges
across this river, we reserved the right to our-
selves to alter that law or amend it as we
might see fit, in order to preserve the naviga-
tion of the river, if experience should show
that the bridges built under the law presented
obstructions. So we do in this bill. We say,
in substance, in this bill: although the bridge
already built does not comply with the pro-
visions of the law passed after it was built, yet
experience thus far has shown that it is not a
material obstruction to the navigation of the
river: and so long as experience shall continue
to show that to be the case, so long as actual
experience, year by year, shall show that the
navigation of the river suffers no material
injury by reason of this bridge, so long it
may be considered a post route. But if in the
future experience should show that by reason
of a change in the mode of navigation or oth-
erwise the bridge shall become a material ob-
struction, then the power is reserved to Con-
gress to amend and alter the act so as to remove
any obstruction that experience may show has
arisen. I think the right and power of Con-
gress is fully reserved as it stands, and at this
late period of the session I should prefer that
the bill should not be amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I made the inquiry on
this subject, and from the statements made by
the honorable gentleman on the committee,
as the power is reserved in Congress hereafter
to change the draw in that bridge if it is found
to be insufficient, and as the bridge is an exist-
ing fact, and has been actually made at great
expense, I shall not make any resistance to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot hear the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say I shall not make
any resistance to the passage of the bill, inas-
much as it retains in Congress the power here-
after to compel the building of a wider draw,
if it should be necessary.
Mr. POLAND. I believe I was entitled at
one o'clock to the consideration of a bill that
was up for consideration last night. I do not
desire to interfere with this measure if it be
understood that I can have a vote on that bill
when this closes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I take it that the bill
which is properly pending before the Senate is
the Indian bill, which is pending between the
House and the Senate, and which was laid
aside to allow this bridge bill to come up,
supposing that there would be no discussion
upon it.
Mr. POLAND. I believe the Senator from
Wisconsin is mistaken. I profess to know
nothing in relation to my rights under the rules;
but it was announced by the Chair last night
that the bill before the Senate was the one that
was partially considered, of which I had the
care. I rely upon that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not understand
that any bill was taken up last evening at the
adjournment. The bill in relation to Indian
affairs was under consideration in the Senate
at the time the reconstruction bill came in from
the House, and it was laid aside informally
to let that go on. It did go on until it was
finished, and when we got through with it the
adjournment took place, as I understand. No
new bill was substituted.
Mr. HENDERSON. The business of the
Committee on Patents was the special order
for last night.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was not aware of that
fact. I will ask the Senator if his bill is one
that is likely to give rise to debate?
Mr. POLAND. No, sir; I think it will take
two minutes perhaps.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thenlstand corrected
in relation to the business; but this Indian bill
is one which must be disposed of before the
Indian appropriation bill comes up, and the
Senator from Ohio has given notice that the
Indian appropriation bill is to come up on
Saturday.
Mr. WADE. I have been waiting a long
time to obtain an opportunity to take up again
the amendment to the Constitution which we
had up once before. I think nearly all, if not
all, the Senate of all parties are in favor of that
proposition. The session is drawing toward a
close, and it will have to pass both branches.
I think we can dispose of it in a short time,
inasmuch as I do not understand that there
will be any serious opposition to it. I am very
anxious that it should be taken up and disposed
of. I gave notice more than ten days ago that
I should ask the Senate to take it up on the
very first opportunity that I could get; but on
every occasion I found a wrangle made among
other Senators with regard to other matters,
and we have had a great and important meas-
ure before the Senate that it seemed proper
should supersede all other business. I have
been content until now; but I think I ought to
ask the Senate now to postpone all other orders
and take that up. I presume we can settle
upon its provisions very soon, inasmuch as I
do not understand that there is any serious
opposition to it in any quarter.
Mr. POMEROY. I had supposed that the
Senator from Ohio would call for a vote on
the Colorado question. The amendment to
the Constitution is a provision which, of course,
I intend to support; but I thought our first
duty was to settle the question whether Col-
orado should be admitted or not. I hope at a
very early period, if the Senator from Ohio
will call up anything, he will call up that
measure.
Mr. WADE. I have not by any means for-
gotten Colorado. It is in my mind night and
day. I am as anxious to take it up as any-
body ; but I waut to settle it right when we do
take it up. I want all the power I can get to
carry it through ; because I know the people
want it; I know it ought to be done, and I
shall not lose sight of that. But, then, that
measure only presents one single question that
can be passed upon very soon. I hope we
shall agree now to take up this, which I think
one of the most important measures that we
can take up. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator repeat his motion ?
Mr. WADE. My motion is to postpone the
present and all other orders and proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 83) proposing to amend the Constitution
of the United States so as to limit the term of
the President of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of the
constitutional ameudment which the Senator
from Ohio desires to call up, and I reported it
from the Judiciary Committee, but I shall not
vote to postpone the matter now under con-
sideration to take it up. I hope we may have
time to act upon it; but I wish to say to the
Senator from Ohio and to other Senators that
I have struggled here nearly every morning
j for two weeks to get up bills which are upon
the table, and have been upon the Calendar for
a long time, of public importance, and I have
been unable to get the attention of the Senate
: to them. Here is a bill upon your table to
! prevent whipping in the rebellious States.
Mr. SUAINER. Rebel States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nevermind about the
precise term, whether "rebel" or "rebel-
lious," I presume I am understood. There
is a bill here to prevent the payment of money
on claims which are set up for services ren-
; dered before the war by men who went into
rebellion. It is a House bill. Then there is
a House bill to dispense with the services of
certain commissioners who are engaged in
some of the late slave-holding States in assess-
ing damages and the claims of persons who
claim to have been the owners of slaves who
entered the Union Army. There is a bill pend-
; ing to establish a Department of Education,
i All these subjects ought to be considered by
the Senate; and therefore I shall vote against
the Senator's motion now. I hope we shall
waste no time in its discussion. Let us dis-
I pose of the bill we have under consideration,
j and then there is the bill which the Senator
from Wisconsin is urging all the time, that
ought to be considered before the Indian
appropriation bill. We must go on with this
ordinary legislation; but I think if we get into
a debate on the constitutional amendment we
shall have to lose a good many bills that it is
necessary to pass. If there is time afterward,
let us take up the constitutional amendment
and dispose of it; but let us do this essential
business at any rate.
Mr. WADE. This is the most essential of
all measures, and I think it supersedes in im-
portance any bill before the Senate. It is true,
it is not of that immediate, pressing necessity
that an individual bill bears upon the minds
of some men; but when we contemplate the
future, it is very important. This is probably
the only time we shall ever be able to amend
the Constitution in this respect, as it seems we
all desire to amend it, because in ordinary
times the proposition itself is so invidious and
meets party lines in such a manner ordinarily,
that although everybody has wanted the Con-
stitution amended in this way for a good many
years, this seems to be the only occasion when
it is possible to do it. If this opportunity is
lost and the Government passes into its regular
channels in the course it has pursued hereto-
fore, it will be exceedingly difficult and perhaps
impossible to ingraft upon the Constitution this
amendment that everybody seems to be in favor
of, and which our greatest statesmen for many
years have been anxious to adopt. I hope we
shall not fail to do it now. I know very well
that we shall have a session right after this,
and if anything should fail us now it would not
be fatal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the question
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
motion of the Senator from Ohio to postpone
the present and all prior orders, and proceed to
the consideration of the resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done, because I am very strongly of the im-
pression that we ought to finish this Indian
bill to-day. The day after to-morrow we must
take up the Indian appropriation bill, and this
Indian bill must be disposed of before that
comes up, because if it is passed it will make
certain very essential changes, and it ought to
be considered first. I hope, therefore, that we
shall take up the bill which the Senator from
Wisconsin has charge of, in order that the way
may be clear for the Indiaa,#ppropriation bill.
