1866.
TMM COISTGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
yet this does not justifyyou in- the past and the
intended treatment of the excluded States. If
they erred in the attempt to carry-their States
out of the Union, is that a sufficient reason why
now the hostile spirit engendered by the war
should be continued?- Now1, when peace is
restored, why should we not endeavor by every
possible means to restore" harmony to the coun-
try. "Ah," say you, "if we do not keep these
people muzzled, if we do not deny them any
share or influence in the Government and
refuse them their share'of representation in
the Halls of Congress, our party predominance
will pass away." That is the fear. Now, is
that a motive by which statesmen should be
influenced? Our object' should be peace—a
peaceable reunion of the States—or rather a
union of them, because I deny that the Union
has ever .been divided; I deny that any of t}ie
States have ever been destroyed. There can
be no such thing as "reconstruction" unless
there has been a structure demolished.' ■ The
name of the committee who seem to have
charge of this whole subject is therefore not
appropriate. There is no reason or necessity
for any committee on reconstruction, because
there is nothing to reconstruct. The Union
has been preserved. Certain States that at-
tempted to get out of the Union by force failed
ia that attempt and are still in the Union. All
the acts by which they attempted to get out are
null and void, being in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States, the "supreme
law of the land."
Now, sir, how does this Congress propose
to treat those States ? It has treated them as
States in the various particulars and modes
pointed out in the President's message. Gen-
tlemen clamor hete because those States have
not adopted the proposed constitutional amend-
ment, by which their whole social system and
fabric of society would be debauched, de-
moralized, and reversed. Yet they have no
authority to act on that constitutional amend-
ment unless they be States of the Union. In
many other particulars, as stated in the Presi-
dent's message, Congress has treated them as
States. Yet it is now insisted that they are
not States, and not being States are not en-
titled to representation upon this floor. It is
pretended that they have relinquished and
forfeited their rights as States. Why, sir, such
a thing is impossible. Where is the law or the
reason for it? Why, sir, during the wars of
the French Revolution there was one portion
of France, on the coast of Brittany, called, I
believe, La Vendee, whose people fought on
the side of the monarchy and against the rev-
olutionary party; yet I never learned, from
my reading of French history, that when the
revolutionary party had proved successful the
people of the insurgent districts were disfran-
chised. How was it in the civil wars of Eng-
land, the conflicts between the houses of York
and Lancaster, and the intestine strife during
the reign of Charles I? After the Government
became established, first under Cromwell and
afterward under Charles II, were the people
who had taken part in those wars either on
one side or the other disfranchised—denied
the privilege of sending their representatives to
the House of Commons, and deprived of their
rights as subjects of Great Britain ? I imagine
not. There may have been here and there
cases in which the ringleaders were punished;
but there was no disfranchisement ot the peo-
ple inhabiting whole sections of country,
counties, or municipalities that may have
been involved in a rebellion or civil war.
Why not have peace and union? You say
they are not States, because you know if they
are States they must have representation. If
they are not States I admit they have no right
to representation. But they are States; now
you propose unlawfully and unconstitutionally
to destroy their character as States and convert
them into dependent territories or conquered
provinces. Upon what authority ? Where is
the law for it? You cannot punish a State.
There is no constitutional authority for the
indictment, trial, conviction, and punishment
of a State.as such. There is no punishment
for States prescribed in the Constitution or in
any law I have ever seen or heard of.
Why punish them? How can you try the
State? You cannot do it. Do you want to
punish the people? You cannot do it. It is
impossible. The people of those States, many
of them, would never have concurred in the
movement of secession but for the enormities'
and atrocities practiced by this Government
during the war, and the violation of what was
declared to be the object of the war .in a reso-
lution passed by both Houses of Congress, to
the effect that it was not intended to interfere
with their domestic institutions or any of their
rights and privileges under the Constitution.
It was not, sir, until after the Government vio-
lated that .solemn pledge, made in both branches
of Congress, that'the war was to be prosecuted,
not for the purpose of subjugation or enslave-
ment of those people, not for the purpose of
overturning or interfering with their rights as
States or their State institutions, not at all;
but for the mere purpose of enforcing the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States and
preserving and maintaining the Union and the
Government of the Union under the Constitu-
tion ; and that when they succeeded in sup-
pressing all armed opposition and resistance to
the Government, then those States should be
received again into the Union, or would be in
the Union as before according to the declara-
tion of Mr. Seward in his dispatch to our min-
ister to France, that the States would come
back again and remain in the Union with all
their rights of property and representation. I
repeat it was not until after these solemn
pledges were violated by the subsequent
development of the real objects and purposes,
for the attainment of which the war continued
to be prosecuted, that the southern people
generally concurred in the necessity of persist-
ing in armed resistance for defense.
Now, in violation of all these pledges jou
design in bad faith to convert these States into
Territories. Where is the authority, where is
the law for it? Some gentlemen contend the
authority is to be found in that portion of the
Constitution which says that the United States
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government, and shall pro-
tect each of them against invasion, and upon
application ofthe Legislature or of the Execu-
tive (when the Legislature cannot be convened)
against domestic violence. Sir, that provision
of the Constitution, in my opinion, authorizes
no such thing as the conversion of those States
into provinces to be governed arbitrarily. This
clause of the Constitution contains no such
authority. It is a mere guarantee that the
republican governments of the States shall be
maintained. There was no authority given in
that clause to convert States into Territories so
as to deprive them of all representation in Con-
gress. It is an obligation, in fact, imposed upon
the Federal Government to see that neither by
domestic violence, foreign invasion, or in any
other way the republican governments of the
States should be overthrown. Now, does that
give to the Government of the United States the
power to overthrow the State governments when
they are republican in .fact, and to institute ter-
ritorial governments so as to deprive them of all
representation in Congress ? Was that the ob-
ject? Can this Congress make them Territo-
ries at its discretion? Can it reduce them to
the condition of conquered and dependent prov-
inces when they choose and as they choose?
Because the duty is imposed upon this Gov-
ernment by the clause of the Constitution above
cited to protect the States as States in the en-
joyment of their republican forms of govern-
ment as existing, can it be contended with
any show of reason that this power or duty of
the United States is properly executed and
performed by overturning instead of guaran-
tying the republican governments of these
States, by changing their condition as States
into that of dependent provinces, and by deny-
ing to them their right of representation in
Congress? Never! no, never 1
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the subject of the compensation of members of
Congress engaged the attention of the framers
of the Constitution, and that instrument pro-
vides that—
" The Senators and Representative? shslfcreceiva
a-corapensation for their services, to be ascertained
fry law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United
States."—Article 1, section 6.
- Whether this compensation shall be author-
ized in the form of an annual salary, payable
at stated times, or as per diem wages, in either
case with or without mileage, the duty of pre-
scribing by law its amount is one of the most
difficult and embarrassing.
Any bill changing the' compensation during
an existing official term, or for the prospect-
ive sessions to which Senators and Represent-
atives in office may be reelected, of course
calls upon them to decide a question affecting
their own personal interests.
This, I know, is the legitimate and indeed
the necessary exercise of a power conferred by
the Constitution, but in the performance of
that duty I hope it may never be truly said that
the Congress of the United States did not act
with their accustomed dignity, or refused the
consideration and hearing necessary to arrive
at a just conclusion. (Annals of Fifteenth Con-
gress, first session, January 7,1818, page 588.)
I am not insensible of the fact that any effort
at reduction, either of compensation for Sen-
ators and Representatives or of salaries of offi-
cers in other Departments is liable to be met
with the "hue and cry" that the sole motive
therefor is popular favor or approbation. For
one. I choose rather to incur the hazard of this
injustice than to shrink from an effort in this
direction, which duty and the public judgment
demand, and which sound policy requires. I
recognize it as a solemn duty to conform "our
legislation to the matured will of an enlightened
people. In the conflict of interest between
those who bear the burdens of taxation and
those who receive the emoluments of office, the
public judgment is quite as impartial and just
in its motive as any tribunal to which we can
appeal; yet it is sometimes less powerful in
the halls of legislation, because of the ever-
present, more zealous, and earnest efforts of
official position. The atmosphere that sur-
rounds us here is an official atmosphere, and
while justice should be done to all who move
in it, and to all who may be in office elswhere,
let us not be unmindful of the millions who
are the source, not only of all political power,
but whose labor applied to the development
of our natural resources is the main element
in the production of wealth.
When this Congress commenced its first
session, on the 4th day of December, 1865, the
compensation of its members as "ascertained
by law" was fixed at $3,000 per year, and
mileage at forty cents per mile. of
August 16, 1856; 11 United States Statutes-
at-Large. 48.)
By the seventeenth section of the miscella-
neous appropriation act, approved July 28,
I860, this annual salary was increased to $5,000
per year, but the mileage was reduced to—
" Twenty cents per mile, to bo estimated by the
nearest route usually traveled in going to and return-
ing from each regular session."—Laws of 1865-66,
page 323, Appendix to Congressional Globe, part five,
first session, Thirty-Ninth Congress, page 417.
Upon this subjectlhave introduced two bills;
one of them proposes to repeal so much of
the act of July 28, 1866, as increases the an-
nual salary to $5,000 ; the effect of which will
be to revive and restore the annual salary of
§3,000, but to leave the mileage at twenty cents
per mile. The other bill proposes to reduce
the mileage to ten cents per mile.
These have been introduced in the form of
separate and distinct propositions, so that one
might not embarrass the other, if there shall
be opposition to the one which may not exist
against the other, but in the hope that both
