1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
and for other purposes, approved July 17,1862: and
an act to regulate the elective franchise in the Ter-
ritories of the United States. These bills were pre-
sented to the President for his approval, and have
not been returned byhim to the House in which they
originated within the time prescribed by the Con-
stitution of the United States. Having therefore
become laws, they are transmitted to you for such
further proceedings as tho laws of the United States
reunire. ■
X bave the honor to be. very respectfully, your
obedient servant, WILLIAM G. MOORE,
United States Army.
To Hon. will'am H. Seward, Secretary of State.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD,
To Hon. Schuylek ColFAX, Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that the com-
munication be printed and referred to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The motion was agreed to.
congressional printer.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the consideration of the bill reported
last Saturday by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing, providing for the election of
a Congressional Printer, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Trimble to lay the
bill on the table, on which the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask our friends on the other
side of the House if they are not willing to
have the vote taken by yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill at once instead of having
them taken on the motion to lay it on the
table.
Mr. TRIMBLE. My object was to have the
yeas and nays on the question as a test vote.
I suppose if it is taken on laying the bill on
the table that will be a test vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman to insist upon his motion.
The question was taken on laying the bill
on the table ; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 32, nays 109, not voting 49; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancon a, Bergen, Boycr,Campbell,
Cooper, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Mar-
shall, McCulloch, Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
and Winfield—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, James
M.Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beainan, Bingham,
Blow, Boutwell, Biandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Bucklnnd, Bundv, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarko,
Cobb, Colliding, Cook,.Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Defrces,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Eokley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot. Farnsworth, Farquliar, Ferry, Garfield,
Grinnoll, Griswold, Abner C. Hording, Hart, Haw-
kins, Hayes, Henderson, Uigby, Hill, Holmes, Ilotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Jeneke**, Julian,
Knsson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuyken-
dall, Laflm, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longvear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard,
MeClurg, McKee, McRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris, Moulton,O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Raymond, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield, Shellabargcr,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Trow-
bridge, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Wkaiey, James F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, DelosR. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine,
Chanler, Culver. Darling, Dawson, Delano, Denison,
Dodge, Driggs, Hale, Harris, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Jones, Latham, Mclndoe,
Mercur, Myers, Newell, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
Rogeis, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Wasliburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—49.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and'being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil service.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of bill of the
House No. 880, to regulate the civil service
of the United States and promote the efficiency
thereof, on which Mr. Scuenck was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, who desires to make
a report.
presidential proclamations.
Mr.' WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to make a
privileged report. In accordance with leave
granted by the House, I report back from the
Committee on the Judiciary House bill No. 859,
to declare valid and conclusive certain procla-
mations of the President and acts done in pur-
suance thereof, or of his orders, in suppression
of the late rebellion against the United States.
I do not propose to consider this bill until the
pending special orders, namely, the civil ser-
vice bill and the bill equalizing bounties re-
ported by the gentleman from Ohio are dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. Those are pending by
unanimous consent, and therefore take pre-
cedence of the bill reported by the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I give the House
notice that this will come up after those are
disposed of.
common schools in the district.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of tho various
bills to establish a system of common schools in the
District of Columbia be printed together lor the use
of the House.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
amendments of tho Senate to the tariff bill bo printed
for the use of the House.
civil service report.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of tho
report of the joint select Committee on tho Civil Ser-
vice of tho United States be printed for the use of
the ilouso.
land office report.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That ton thousand copies of tho report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, 202,
with the separate and connected maps, and the bal-
ance with the connected map only, bo printed for the
use of the House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes just taken ; and also moved that tho
motion to reconsider bo laid on the table, j.
The latter motion was agreed to.
visit of agassiz to brazil.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if in his
opinion it can bo done compatibly with the public
interest, a copy of every official correspondence
which may have taken place respecting the recent
visit to Brazil, for seieatilic purposes, ot Professor
Louis Agassiz.
fortification bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 919, making appropriations for
fortifications and other works of defense for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, the pend-
ing question being upon the following amend-
ment offered by Mr. Blaine:
For commenooroont of two additional forts for the
defense of Portland harbor, Maine, including the
purchase of Sites, $150,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
ventured to suggest the other day that it was
worthy of consideration whether we should go
into these extensive appropriations for forti-
fications upon the coast. Now, I will agree
that I was mistaken when I said that these
appropriations for two additional fortifications
at Portland and at other places were not in
the estimates; I find them in the estimates.
But it will be noted that these are for fortifica-
tions additional to those already erected at
those points.
It seems to be the case that our old forts and
fortifications all along tho coast are to be
of no use, or of comparatively little use, on ac-
count of the great improvements in the armor
and guns used on board of our ships, or per-
haps on board tho enemy's ships. It seems
that extra fortifications are to be placed, not
only at Portland, but all along the eastern coast.
1 want the members of the House to be ap-
prised of the fact that this is only the first of a
series of appropriations, amounting altogether
to an enormous sum. I will advert for'a moment
to the list of estimates for additional fortifica-
tions. I read from the estimates:
For two additional ports for defense of Portland
harbor, Maine, $100,000.
For additional fort for defense of Portsmouth, Now
Hampshire, $75,000.
For additional fort for defense of Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, $75,000.
For tvTo forts for the defense of Narragansett bay,
Rhode Island, 8100,000.
For permanent defenses at mouth of Columbia river
and at Admiralty inlot, $-400,000.
There are some of the items of appropria-
tion for new fortifications, which this appro-
priation bill is to be made to contain ; and tho
first of the series is now moved as an amend-
ment. I am content to vote for this appropri-
ation for Portland harbor provided we are to
go into this whole scheme of fortifications. I£
it is intended to inaugurate this system of new
fortifications 1 will vote for this amendment,
and I will vote for all others; but it is desira-
ble that the committee shall understand what
they are about to do. I have referred to this
item for Portland harbor. If this amendment
shall prevail, my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Schenck,] the chairman of Military Affairs,
will propose another amendment, and then
another, and then another, until we shall have
gone through the list of items which I have
enumerated and what I read from the book
of estimates. If the committee now under-
stand the subject, if they understand that
this is only one of a series of appropriations
of the same character, and are prepared to
vote for it with that understanding, then I will
vote for it and for all of them. That is all I
have to say, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. As direct reference has
been made by my colleague [Mr. Spalding]
to the action of the Committee on Military
Affairs in connection with this subject, I will
reply to him, though in but few words._ The
gentleman is right in regard to one portion of
his statement, and entirely wrong in another.
He says that if this amendment shall prevail
it is the purpose of the Committee on Military
Affairs to follow it up with other proposed
amendments to the bill. Ho is wrong m saying
we shall follow up this amendment by pro-
posing as amendments all the other items for
which estimates have been made.
Mr. SPALDING. With perhaps one ex-
ception.
Mr. SCHENCK. And that exception is one
that did not meet with the concurrence of the
Committee on Military Affairs after a full in-
vestigation of the matter with the authorities
at the other end of the avenue, the Secretary
of War, and the chief of Engineers, _ That
exception embraced a proposed appropriation
of more money than all the other items put
together. Now, how does this matter come
before this committee from the Committee oa
Military Affairs? A bill is introduced from
the Committee on Appropriations proposing
