1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
which must pass, and which cannot be acted
on before that time.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps the Indian bill
may be disposed of promptly without debate
by a motion that the Senate do not concur in
the amendment of the House, and ask for a
committee of conference. I will suggest that
in advance, so that that question may be elimi-
nated from our discussions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree to that.
That bill I consider of too much consequence
to be disposed of in that summary manner.
Mr. SUMNER. I made the suggestion with
a view to the economy of time, and after con-
sultation with several Senators who are much
interested in the measure. Of course we are
all interested in it. It is a measure of ,yery
great public interest.
Then with regard to other matters, I must
confess that the Senator from Illinois has pre-
sented an array of measures which certainly do
challenge the attention of the Senate. There
is one of those providing for a Bureau of Edu-
cation, which I think at this moment of infinite
importance.
I should not, however, have said a word now
except that it is my duty to call attention to a
joint resolution reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, which ought to be acted
upon promptly. It was reported as long ago
as February 6, and I have not been able to get
it before the Senate from that time to this. It
is a joint resolution supplementary to other
joint resolutions to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 1807.
Action on that resolution ought to be prompt,
or it will be of very little avail. We have
already entered into the preliminary arrange-
ments, and it seems to be our duty to go on and
complete them. I merely throw out this sug-
festion now in order to ask the attention of the
enate in advance to this measure. I should
like to bring it forward to-day if I could.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to
my friend that this Indian bill involves a very
important question, as I understand. It is
whether the control of Indian affairs shall be
taken from the Interior Department and trans-
ferred to the War Department. I think that is
a very important question. The Senator sug-
gests a committee of conference upon it. I
want to suggest to him whether it would not
be exceedingly dangerous to leave a question
of that importance to a secret conclave of six
members? Would it not be attended with very
great danger if the Senate were to abdicate
their authority«on that great subject? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SUMNER. There is great force in that
argument.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I will suggest, with a
great deal of deference to older members of
the Senate, that we sometimes consume a
great deal of what they claim to be very val-
uable time in talking about what we shall do
next.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw his motion at present and
let this pending bill be voted upon. It will
not occupy five minutes of time, I think.
Mr. WADE. I will endeavor to see if I can
get a day fixed sometime during this session
when the Senate will agree to have this meas-
ure taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. We will join you on any
other occasion.
Mr. WADE. I will say Saturday.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill comes up on Saturday.
Mr. WADE. What day can gentlemen,
who have important measures in charge, name
when they suppose we could take it up ? Say
next week ; Tuesday or Wednesday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In my judgment we
cannot name any day for the consideration of
a particular subject. How much time have
we left ? Just look at it: we have now before
us the Indian appropriation bill, the Army
appropriation bill, the Navy appropriation bill,
what is called the omnibus bill or the civil
appropriation bill, a deficiency bill, probably,
and in addition to that we have the internal
revenue bill, now under debate in the House,
and the tariff bill.
Mr. WADE. They are not ready yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not ready
yet, but they are being got ready. All those
bills are essential to be acted upon. At this
period of the session, I think it exceedingly
important that we should hurry them as much
as possible, and not take up subjects that can
be dispensed with. My own opinion is, in
relation to the business of to-day, that as soon
as wo have passed the bill, if we shall pass it,
which stands in the way of the Indian appro-
! priation bill, which is awaiting action upon it,
we should clear ourselves of another difficulty
which is ahead of us, and that is, to act upon
the Calendar of nominations. Those appoint-
ments should be acted upon. Great numbers
have been rejected. Great numbers more will
be rejected if the advice of the committees is
1 taken, which is very probable, and new nomi-
nations must be sent in and acted upon before
we adjourn to fill those vacancies. I think
myself that as soon as the Indian bill is dis-
posed of, we ought to go into executive session
and dispose of the Calendar; and then, if there
is any time left, we can take up these other
bills which seem to be pressing and pass them.
My own judgment is that that is the proper
course to take, in view of what is ahead of us.
If we put off disposing of the executive Calen-
dar, until the very last period of the session,
we shall adjourn with a very large number of
nominations not acted upon ; while if we dis-
pose of them early, we can receive nomina-
tions to fill the places of those rejected. I
hope that that course will be taken. Although
I am in favor of some sort of measure, I do
not know exactly in what form, but the general
idea of the measure suggested by the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, the Senator will reflect
that that is a matter that can bo acted upon at
the very last moment, as it has not to go any
further than ourselves.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, I should
like to give notice of a time when I shall en*
deavor to get this up. I do not believe it is
going to excite a great deal of debate, because
every one is in favor of it. I find nobody here,
and I have canvassed the Senate pretty closely,
who is not in favor of it. I shall endeavor to
■get it up on Tuesday next, and for the present
I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn.
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to
the fourth section of the bill (H. R. No. 965)
declaring Clinton bridge across the Mississippi
river, at Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post
route.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I wish the Senator from
Vermont would withdraw that amendment and
let the bill pass as it stands. It seems to me
there are very great reasons why he should
withdraw it. The form of this section is mod-
eled after a precedent already on the statute-
book. That is a good reason for adhering to
this form, it seems to me. But, in addition to
that, there is another good reason, which is,
that the power reserved to Congress in the sec-
tion as it stands is ample. If Congress reserves
to itself the power so to alter or amend this
act as to prevent any material obstruction of
that river hereafter, it will always have the
control, being the judge of what is a material
obstruction, to insist upon any alteration of
the bridge so as to avoid that. Why reserve a
power in terms to repeal the act when it has
the power given to it to so amend it as to pre-
vent any material obstruction ? I would not
resist this amendment at all but for the fact
that it will send the bill back to the House of
Representatives, and we are near the close of
the session; it is an important measure; very
important interests hang upon it; and I do
not wish it to be subjected to that risk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it right
for us to legislate improperly, or to omit any
proper legislation on the ground that the ses-
sion is near a close, and that abill of the House
which needs to be amended must, if amended,
go back there for further consideration. It
appears to me to be a very dangerous mode of
legislating, to do that. The question, therefore,
is whether the amendment which I propose is
one that ought to be made, intrinsically consid-
ered.
The question, then, is whether in allowing
obstructions to the public rivers of the coun-
try—as bridges are to a certain degree, no mat-
ter how perfectly they are constructed—it is
right for Congress to reserve complete control
over the subject, so as to have the power at any
future time to require the absolute removal of
the bridge completely? Now, I think that the
proper policy for this country is, over all its
harbors, public works, and public rivers, to
reserve that control.
If that be so, then the question is, whether
this act and the act of last summer, upon which
this is said to be modeled, does that thing? The
act of last summer, and this act, provides that
Congress shall have the power to alter or amend
for a specific purpose, so as to prevent any ma-
terial obstruction. What is a material obstruc-
tion of the river under such an act would be a
question for the courts and not for Congress,
I take it. It excludes from the act the word
" repeal," which has been usual where a legis-
lative body has desired to retain complete con-
trol over a subject. Now, therefore, unless
the reservation of the power to alter and amend
is equivalent to a reservation of the power to
repeal, this bill does not contain what it
ought to contain, if I am right in stating what
the policy of the Government ought to be. The
difference between a power to repeal and a
power to alter and amend is, I think, in the
eyes of courts and lawyers, a distinguishable
difference; and it is a difference of something
more than phraseology, of substance, and in-
tent. If the Senate think it is fit for Congress
to surrender full control of any part of its para-
mount authorities over this subject, then I have
nothing more to say; but as I do not think so,
I felt it to be my duty to offer the amend-
ment.
When a similar bill last summer passed this
body, declaring abridge over Lake Champlain
to be a lawful structure, which had not been
erected in conformity to law, as this bridge has
not, it is said it was provided that the act
should be subject to amendment or repeal at
the pleasure of Congress. I do not say that
that was the deliberate sense of the Senate on
a contest, for the reason that having the mat-
ter in charge I inserted the provision myself,
and of course it met the approval of the Senate
as a right and proper thing. So I do not use
that as a precedent where upon a contest the
Senate has settled a policy ; but I only speak
of it as a precedent which shows what in my
judgment the true course of legislation is. I
do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate
in more than stating the ground on which I
have proceeded.
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes 15.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to insert at the
end of the first section of the hill the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall
have the effect to defeat any suit or other proceedings
against said bridge or the company constructing it
now pending in the courts; nor shall it in any man-
ner affect any right of action already accrued.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see the necessity for
that amendment. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives, and it is reported
back by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads of the Senate just in the form in
which it stands, after a most laborious exam-
ation of the case, and I do not think it ought
to be embarrassed by amendments that are not
absolutely necessary to the perfection of the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
