1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
simply to designate the company that was con-
testing the matter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no idea that
the Senator intended any such thing; but it
was considered at the last session when this
subject was up that St. Louis was interfering
with the building of bridges on the Mississippi |
river. It has been repeatedly said that St. !
Louis interests wished to prevent the building j
of any railroad bridges across that river. I j
thought that the statement in the report was |
very well calculated to carry out that idea, sug- ;
gested at the last session, that it was the com-
mercial and trading interests of St. Louis that
continually presented these objections against
the construction of bridges. Now, in my judg-
ment, the people of St. Louis are no more
opposed to the construction of proper bridges
on the river than the people of any other town
on the Mississippi river or anywhere else. They
do not desire to present any obstructions to
railroad interests; they desire that railroads
may transport their freight and passengers
across the river; they ask that bridges may be
constructed; but they believe that when they
are constructed without proper draws they will
be an obstruction to navigation. In other j
words, they want to consult and foster and j
uphold both interests. '
I think that the amendment I have offered !
ought to be adopted. There is a suit pending >
to abate this bridge. The parties built it without
an act of Congress, without any authority at
all. Those who wished to build bridges at ;
Quincy and St. Louis did not undertake to«j
construct them until they came to Congress and <
ascertained on what terms they would be allowed
to do so. If we are to legalize an act of this !
sort because an enormous amount of money is i
invested in the enterprise, may not some other
individuals or railroad companies within the
next year or two construct bridges across the
river with draws sixty feet wide, and will not
the argument which is urged by the Senator
from Wisconsin be just as strong in that case
as it is now? Will he not be able to say,
" Parties put their money in these bridges on
the idea that they were to realize something,
and now is Congress going to so act as to make
them lose their money?" The argument
would be as strong in that case as in this.
Now, what does the bill do? In the first
place it legalizes the structure. The commit-
tee tell us that this bridge has been in opera-
tion for two years without any injury to any
interest. If nobody has been injured by it,
why is it necessary to get an act of Congress
to legalize it 1 I suppose nobody can succeed
in an effort to abate it as a nuisance unless it
really is a nuisance; and nobody can succeed
in obtaining damages unless he has been ac-
tually injured. Then what is the necessity for
an act of Congress legalizing the bridge? I
do not see any. If it is a nuisance, why not
let us take the evidence of individuals who
live there, and let us get that evidence in such
a shape that we can see it? All that my amend-
ment does is to provide that if it is an obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the river, and if proved
so hereafter, any pending suit shall not be
affected by this proceeding. If it be true that
the parties are not prosecuting their injunc-
. tion against the bridge, no damage will be
done. If they do not propose to go any fur-
ther with it, as suggested by the Senator from
West Virginia, why not then adopt the amend-
ment? If they are really in earnest, the
amendment ought to be adopted, because I
think evidence taken before a court ought to
have as much weight with the Senate as evi-
dence taken before a committee. I have en-
tire respect for the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads of this body; it is an able
committee, but I am not informed who testi-
fied before them. They seem to have had
testimony; but there may be thousands and
thousands who would testify to the contrary.
I suppose forty witnesses to each one that tes-
tified before the committee that the bridge was
no obstruction could be found who would tes-
tify to the contrary. I am not informed that
even ten witnesses testified before this com-
mittee, or that two testified. The report itself
does not show that even two testified.
Did anybody representing the steamboat
| interests of the Mississippi river testify?—
not the St.. Louis interest, but the Galena
interest, the St. Paul interest—did anybody of
that sort testify before the committee ? And
if so, did they say it was no obstruction ? Let
the amendment be adopted, and if any rights
have accrued in favor of individuals, let them |
prosecute those rights. |
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me, as a member
of the committee, to say to the Senator on the
point he makes that I answer yes ; there was
abundant testimony from those interests be- I
fore that committee, and that testimony was '
closely and carefully examined. There was !
also testimony from engineers, including Gen-
eral Warren, and that was closely examined ;
and the committee came to the fairest conclu-
sion they could in view of all the testimony,
and I think the only conclusion the case
admits of.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not informed
of the testimony; I have not got it on the
record. The committee do not say in their
report that they examined even a single wit-
ness. They say they had evidence, but whether
it was documentary or otherwise I do not
know. I did not know, before the Senator
from California informed me, what the testi-
mony was.
Mr. CONNESS. I will tell the Senator,
with his permission, what class of testimony
was before the committee. It was documentary
evidence, such as were presented in the case
when it was before the courts of law, full,
ample, and complete upon the subject, present-
ing that side of the case in its strongest light.
Mr. HENDERSON. The committee them-
selves show that a right of action has accrued
in at least one case; and that was the case of
the Starlight, which lost a barge. A right
of action certainly accrued in favdr of the
steamboat Starlight. Now, according to my
understanding of the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Wheeling Bridge case, if we pass
this act it does result that that suit will be
destroyed. It is true that was an action to
abate the bridge at Wheeling by the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, and as was very prop-
erly said by the Senator from Maryland, the
court, after it was made a post road, held that
that action made it a legal bridge from the time
of its construction; and this bill makes this
bridge a legal structure ab initio. Then if any
right of action has accrued in favor of the party
I cannot see how judgment can be rendered
against the bridge company, provided that
decision be founded upon correct principles,
even if the party has been damaged.
Now, will the Senate vary their decision of
the last session, which required the bridges on
the Mississippi to be one hundred and sixty
feet span, and determine that a structure of
but a hundred and twenty-eight feet span,
wanting three of the seven requisites of a good
draw-bridge in the opinion of an engineer
appointed to examine it, wanting three import-
ant elements of a good bridge that does not
destroy navigation, shall be legalized even to
such an extent as to destroy rights of action
already accrued? I think not. If a right of
action has accrued, let that action be prosecu-
ted, and if the party is entitled to a judgment,
let him recover that judgment. It is but right,
and I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. RIRKWOOD. I will tax the patience
of the Senate for only a very few moments to
notice some of the points made by the Senator
from Missouri. He says in substance that this
bridge has been built in violation of the law at
the last session of Congress, that the draws are
narrower than those authorized by the law of
the last session, and that if we legalize this
bridge as the bill proposes we give authority to
other men to go on and build other bridges in
violation of that law with draws one hundred
feet wide and then eighty feet wide and then
sixty feet wide, and so on. That is not a fair
statement of this case. These men have not
gone on and built a bridge in violation of that
law. Their bridge was built before that law
was passed, and therefore it could not have
been a violation of that law. That bridge was
in existence and in use and had been for twelve
! months before you passed your law of the last
! session. What are the facts about it?
A railroad bridge had been built at Rock
Island, and had been in use some ten years,
j Certain objections existed to that bridge ; suits
i had been brought to abate the bridge, and they
| had been pending during these ten years, cer-
1 tain specific reasons being alleged why the
bridge was an obstruction to navigation. In
building this bridge those points were avoided,
those difficulties were overcome, great pains
were taken and great expense incurred to
avoid the very difficulties that the same men
who are now litigating against this bridge
alleged to be the difficulties with the Rock
Island bridge. It is therefore not correct to
assume, as the argument of the Senator from
Missouri seems to imply, that these men have
gone on regardless of your law and put up a
bridge in violation of the terms of your law.
The truth is they had built that bridge before
your law was passed, and in building it they
took great pains and expended much money
to avoid the very difficulties which were alleged
against the Rock Island bridge by the same
gentlemen who are now trying to remove this
bridge for otUft alleged deficiencies. If any
person goes on and builds a bridge over the
Mississippi river now of less span of draw
than was prescribed by the act of Congress of
last session, he does it in violation of your law;
but, I repeat, this bridge was built before that
law was passed.
The Senator asks why it is necessary to
have a law of this kind at all, because he says
if the bridge is not a nuisance it will not be
abated. The very difficulty is because of the
law passed at your last session. Were it not
for that law there would not be any difficulty.
The men who are pressing for the destruction
of this bridge bring in a law passed by Con-
gress after the bridge was built, and make that
the main point on which they rely for the judg-
ment they hope to obtain for the abatement
of this bridge. They come in and say, " Con-
gress has shown by its legislation that this
bridge is not a proper bridge to be built across
the river; the law of Congress passed at the
last session gives the deliberate judgment of
Congress against this bridge;'' and they seek to
make use of that act and make it an all-pow-
erful argument before the courts, where a suit
is pending for the destruction of the bridge.
I do not know that it is necessary to go over
the facts of this case again, they were so ably
presented by the Senator from West Virginia.
The bridge has been there two years, and but
one single steamer has had her aft-guards
broken, and that did not interrupt or delay
her trip an hour. It is claimed, I cannot say
how truly, by those in the interest of the
bridge, that it was owing to her own neglect,
or the neglect of those who were in com-
mand of her and managed her. Aside from
that, in two entire years that this bridge has
been in use, there have been two barges in-
jured ; one was small, with some three hundred
or four hundred bushels of oats on it; and the
other was damaged, so that after going down
below the bridge a quarter or a half mile it
was drawn up on the beach and part of its
cargo injured. That is all the injury that has
occurred in two years; and if my recollection
is right, the same St. Louis company that has
been litigating with the Rock Island Bridge
Company for the last ten or twelve years, and
is now litigating with this bridge company
during the entire of last year, did not lose a
dollar. I think the barge injured last year did
not belong to that company.
Some stress is laid upon the statements made
by General Warren. I listened as a member
of the committee to what he had to say with a
great deal of interest and a great deal of re-
spect. He was there, however, but a single
