998
' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
him to understand that this appropriation is
proposed simply because these sites are held
by the Government to be valuable for pur-
poses of the Government. The gentleman
complains that there are persons in Tennessee
and elsewhere, who have had their farms oc-
cupied for forts, who are presenting claims
which will not be paid in this way. Now, I
propose this to the gentleman in order to com-
promise our differences; I aver that it is ne-
cessary along the coast to secure the sites that
have been oeeupied during this war by the
Government, with a view to a war with a for-
eign country; and that to say the least of it
there is a possibility of our having a war with
some .other country. Now, if the gentleman
will rise in his place here and say that he be-
lieves it is equally important for the Govern-
ment to keep and hold the sites for forts in
Tennessee and elsewhere, because he appre-
hends the secessionists will undertake to fight
the Government again, perhaps I may go with
him to hold those sites. But I do not believe
the secessionists will again fight, and therefore
I do not believe it is necessary to secure those
sites to enable the country the better to carry
on war against another rebellion. I believe
we may have war with a foreign Government,
but never again with rebels. •
Mr. MAYNARD. I will rise in my place
and say that I concur with the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] in the belief that there
is no necessity for keeping forts in the interior
with a view to another rebellion. I also be-
lieve there is precisely as much necessity for
keeping them for that purpose as for keeping
these earthworks on the Atlantic coast in view
of a war with any foreign nation.
Jlr. SCHENdK. There seems, then, to be
only a difference of opinion between us in re-
card to whether we may or may not have a
foreign war. I do not suppose there can be
any difference of opinion between us in regard
to another rebellion.
I now withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Sciienck, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I now move to strike out
the enacting clause of this bill, in order to test
the sense of this committee upon the merits of
this bill. For myself 1 have come to the con-
clusion, after hearing the bill discussed some-
what, that neither the eonvonicncc of the
country nor the wants of the country demand
the large expenditure of money which is con-
templated by this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] yield to me for
a moment'/
Mr. SCOPIELD. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. I am opposed to the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania for
the reason that I desire to offer the following
amendment to this bill:
Provided, That not more than one half of the sev-
eral sums heroin appropriated shall bo exponded
during the year ending Juno SO, 1868.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he insists
upon his motion to strike out the cnacting
clause of this bill ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly; I insist upon
my motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then no amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to oppose the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
because I wish to offer the amendment I have
read. We have_ already rejected armropria-
(ions as meritorious as any contained in this
bill. If any bill for fortifications should pass,
clearly those items of appropriation which have
been omitted from this bill should be included.
My own judgment is that we should reduce the
whole appropriations one half at least. I un-
derstand that the amounts named in the bill
are not less than $3,000,000. Now, I am un-
willing that we shall entirely suspend these
operations where work has already been com-
menced, and where it would be about as ex-
pensive for the Government to take care of
them and repair damages as to go on and com-
plete them. I hope that the House will come
to the conclusion to appropriate for expendi-
ture during the next fiscal year one half of the
amounts proposed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations and recommended by the War
Department.
I yield to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] the remainder of my time.
Mr. KASSON. I want to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofieldj
that he withhold his_ motion till the bill has
been gone through with and perfected, so far
as we may be able to do it by amendments.
With the bill in that condition I think his
motion could be voted upon much more satis-
factorily.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I think
we may as well test at this time as any other
the sense of the House upon this bill. If the
bill embraces some meritorious features, as the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Moiuiill] seems
to think, these should have been carefully sifted
out by the committee and embraced in a bill by
themselves. The committee can, if it deem
proper, report them in a future bill. I believe
that this bill as a whole will, if passed, involve
a wasteful expenditure of the public money
not justified by the present condition of our
finances.
Mr. KASSON. One million 'nine hundred
and sixty thousand dollars, nearly two million
dollars, of the appropriations estimated for and
recommended by the Departments are not em-
braced in this bill. The bill as reported by
the Committee on Appropriations does not em-
brace one half of the estimates.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that a bill so long as this cannot be entirely
bad; but taken in the aggregate it^seems to
me to involve such large and unjustifiable ex-
penditures that I desire to test the sense of the
House upon it at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Chair please
state the effect of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania?
The CHAIRMAN. Rule 123 states that—
" Whenever a bill is reported from a Committee
of the Whole, with a recommendation to strike out
the enacting words, and such recommendation is
disagreed to by the House, tho bill shall stand re-
committed to tho said committee without further
action by the House."
If the recommendation is agreed to by the
House, then the bill is defeated.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. ScTofield,
to strike out the enacting clause of the bill,
there were—ayes 58, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order,'had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 919,
making appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1808, and had directed
him to report the same with a recommenda-
tion that the enacting clause be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and resume the con-
sideration of the President's message. There
are several gentlemen who have been waiting for
some time an opportunity to deliver speeches.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 58, noes 45.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Morrill
and Spalding were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the 1-uie and referred to the appropriate oommittees:
Bv Mr COOK: The petition of citizens of La balls,
Illinois, praying that the mternal revenue tax on
glassware manufactured inthis country be taken off.
By Mr GO -KLING: The petition of soldiers, ask-
ing extension of time of payment for lands in Beau-
f0Aiso,°the petUiona'of Mrs. H A. McNiel. asking
compensation for losses suffered m the war.
By Mr. JDJiLANO: The petition of 24 citizens of
Coshocton county, Ohio, remonstrating against all
legislation calculated to curtail the national cur-
rency, or having in view an immediate return to
SPBy\!r.yEGGLESTON: The, memorial of Joseph
Harris, praying for compensation for loss ot-goods
taken by uovernment detectives in I860 from his
store in Cincinnati. . T . .
By Mr. FERRY : Joint resolutions of the legisla-
ture of Michigan, approving tho action of Congress
in passing over the President's veto the Dili annul-
ling all distinction on account of color in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise in the District 01 Go-
^Ufy Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 28 citizens of
Canfield, Mahoning county, Ohio, praying Congress
to forbid tho further contraction of currency; also,
that national banks may not be required to redeem
their notes in Now York; aiso, for increased protec-
tion on American flax. - # ,
By Mr (jRISWOLD: The petition of wool-growers
in Washington county, New York, for protection
against importation of foreign wools.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of flax-growers
of the twenty-sixth congressional district ot rlew
?IUMPlHREY: A petition for American
register for tho yacht Glance.
By Mr. HARDING, of IllinoisThe petition of the
people of Mercer county, Illinois, for protection to
WBy"Mr.WHOLMBS: The petition of Frederick E.
Babbott, for American register for schooner W. A.
Glover.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of citizens of
Kingsborough, Fulton county, NewYork, against any
further reduction of the national currency.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of T. Morris
Perot, president of the Mercantile Library Company
of Philadelphia, its directors and many of its mem-
bers, asking that there may be no legislation on the
subject of the tariff which takes from the lree list the
importation of books, maps, &a., intended for public
libraries, colleges, and other literary institutions. _
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Mrs. Harriet
Pond, for pension. .
Br Mr. UPSON: The petition of James Clondemn.
Wallace Molntosh, and 72 others, citizens of Cass
county, Michigan, praying Congress to take measures
for the impeachment of the President.
Also, of Moses S. Adams, and 29 others, for the
sarao purpose.
By Mr. WARD, of New York: The petition of 180
citizens of Steuben county, New York, in favor of
increasing the tariff on wool. _
Also, a remonstrance of 98 citizens of Plattsburg,
New York, against further contraction of the cur-
rency, and. against legislation hostile to national
banks. _ . „
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of John A. Bet-
tig, and 63 others, citizens of Medina county. Ohm,
asking the amendment of the revenue law so that
harness and saddle makers shall be taxed as shoe-
makers and tailors.
notice of a bill.
Tho following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. O'NlilLL: A supplement to an act entitled
"An act to equalize bounties," approved July 28,
1866, and also to provido for a bounty to seamen,
firemen, and coal-passers.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 5, ISO?.
Prayer by Rev. T. R. Howlett, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of tho
Interior, communicating, in obedience to a
resolution of the Senate of the 30th of Jan-
uary, information in relation to the late mas-
sacre of United States troops by Indians at or
near B'ort Phil. Kearney, in Dakota Territory.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that that com-
munication and accompanying documents be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that a similar communication from
the Secretary of War has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
