1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing rotes of both Houses
thereon.
Ordered. That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson*, Mr. Howakd, and Mr. Fkelixg-
IirYSEN". '
COMPOUND-INTEREST NOTES. -
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. JR. No. 1220) to provide ways and
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes; and it was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 607) to amend an act granting
the right of way over the military reserve at
Fort Gratiot, Michigan, and it was signed by
the President pro tempore.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate take up bill No. 204, on which a House
amendment is pending. The Committee on
Finance desire that the Committee on Indian
Affairs should be prepared on Saturday morn-
ing to proceed with tlie consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill; and the de-
cision of the Senate on the bill which I now
propose to take up will materially affect our
action, and indeed we cannot well proceed
with the appropriation bill until some action
is had on this. It is highly important that it
should be considered and disposed of.
Mr. POLAND. From what little I know in
reference to the course of proceeding, I under-
stand that the bill which was under considera-
tion last evening was the unfinished business
of yesterday and was entitled to be taken up
at one o'clock. It was so announced by the
Chair ; but another subject being under con-
sideration at that time I did not desire to
stand in the way of it, but consented that it
be laid aside until the bill should be finished.
I do not care now to have it taken up if we
can have some time assigned for it and for
other bills in my charge from the Committee
on Patents. An evening was set last week for
the consideration of business from that com-
mittee ; it was postponed until last evening;
last evening business from that committee was
unfinished. If the Senate will consent that I
shall have this evening to finish that busi-
ness and also some other bills in my charge
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, I shall be entirely content. I should
be glad to have some time fixed when nobody
else desires to do anything.
Mr. SUMNER. You will never find such a
time.
Mr. POLAND. I move that we have an
evening session this evening, commencing at
half past seven o'clock, with the understand-
ing that it is to be devoted to the business I
have suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion of the Senator from
Vermont if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done. It is impossible at this period of the
session to assign any particular time for the
consideration of particular business.
Mr. POLAND. If the Senator from Maine
objects to that, I desire to know whether I am
not now entitled to proceed with the bill which
was under consideration last evening?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no objec-
tion to the Senator taking up his bill as soon
as the vote is taken on the bill called up by
the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the course pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont will not
be pursued. I do not believe the patents
covered by his bills ought to be extended; it is
introducing a new principle here to authorize
the Commissioner to extend patents to parties
who neglected to apply for an extension at
the proper time, as prescribed by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in order for the
Senator from Vermont to move now to take
up any other bill, if I am correctly informed
of the state of the question. The Senator from
Missouri moved to postpone all prior orders
and take up a certain bill. I presume no other
bill can be interposed until that motion is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Missouri is the one before
the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. In order to facilitate
business, I move that we proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDERSON and Mr. SHERMAN.
Let us first get through with this Indian bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Well, if we can get
through with that bill in a short time I with-
draw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
Sroceeded to consider the amendment of the
louse of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
204) to provide for an annual inspection into
Indian affairs, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Although I am in favor
of the House amendment as it stands, yet the
Committee on Indian Affairs having unani-
mously reported against it, it is idle for us to
attempt to carry it. I therefore move that the
Senate disagree to the House amendment, so
that the bill may go back to the House, leav-
ing it in their power to ask for a committee of
conference if they want one. This course will
expedite business. There is no use in wasting
time upon the House amendment, because,
being against the unanimous report of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, it is idle to at-
tempt to carry it at this stage of the session.
Mr. CONNESS. With all the respect I feel
for the unanimous report of one of the stand-
ing committees, I am not prepared to believe
that the Senate will not hear some testimony
which is ready for presentation in favor of the
proposition of transferring the management of
Indian affairs to the War Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will appre-
ciate the reason why I make this motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I do appreciate the reason.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have no time now to
enter into an elaborate discussion, and the
Senator from Missouri, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, has himself in-
formed us that at the next session of Congress
the committee will take up the subject, with a
disposition on his part at least to favor this
measure. Underthe circumstances is it worth
while for us to consume important, time in the
discussion of a proposition about which there
is a great difference of opinion ; a proposition
carried by a very close vote in the other House,
and which, while the Military Committee re-
ported for, the Committee on Indian Affairs
reported against?
Mr. NESMITH. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator ; both committees reported against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under these circum-
stances any consumption of time on the meas-
ure will I think only be wasted. We must
have an executive session to-day. The condi-
tion of the executive business is such that it
is necessary to have an executive session. If
we dispose of this bill there will be no trouble
in going into executive session and getting rid
of the executive Calendar.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of and appre-
ciate the reasons given by the honorable Sena-
tor as to the necessity of saving time; but, sir,
there is something that strikes me as being fit
to be stated, though I do not wish to open up
a discussion. The honorable Senator from
Oregon rises and reminds the Senator from
Ohio that there is also a report from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs against this propo-
sition. Now, I should like to inquire whether
that honorable Senator is not a member of
both committees, and whether he did not rote
in both on the proposition. I think the hon-
orable Senator is not the only instance in which
that has been done. It does happen that many
Senators on the Committee on Indian Affairs
are also members of the other committee, and
it appears to me that upon this proposition they
have had an opportunity to vote twice, and thus
command the votes of two committees of this
body.
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of
the Senator from California, as he has pro-
posed the question, I will state to him that I
am a member of both committees, and that I
did vote in each committee against the propo-
sition to transfer this bureau to the War De-
partment ; but if I had voted otherwise, and
voted in favor of it, the majority in each com-
mittee would have been overwhelming against
me, and it would not have changed the result.
Mr. CONNESS. There are other Senators
in the honorable Senator's position ; and while
I am willing even to accept the proposition
which has been made by the Senator from
Ohio, I do not wish it to be said in the Senate
that there are reports of two standing commit-
tees against the measure of the House upon its
merits, and I would very much prefer that the
Senators had contented themselves with one
report on that subject. I think, as I suggested,
there are other cases of. Senators who are
members of both committees, and this obtain-
ing the reports of two standing committees
against a proposition which I believe is a good
one, a sound one, one that ought to be carried,
is not exactly the thing.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state to the Senator
that there is only one member of the Military
Committee besides myself who is on the Indian
Committee. There are two members who are
on both committees. When the subject was
under consideration in the Military Committee
there was'no other member of the Indian Com-
mittee present than myself, and if I had voted
in favor of the proposition to transfer the Indian
Bureau to the War Department it could not
possibly have changed the result.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am opposed to the bill
that was reported to the Senate from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and in favor of the
amendment proposed by the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and I am not quite willing that
this matter should be disposed of in the Senate
in a summary way and without any discussion
by a dissent from the House amendment, be-
cause that amounts to a judgment of the Senate
against that amendment; and then the whole
bill with the amendment will be referred to a
committee of conference. I have heretofore
had a good deal of confidence in conference
committees; but recently my faith has been
greatly shaken by statements made in the Sen-
ate by Senators; and in this matter, which I
conceive to be one of great importance, I am
not willing that a committee of conference
should have the subject under consideration
after the Senate has pronounced its judgment
against the amendment proposed by the House
of Representatives. If it be desirable to save
time now, and if there be no other way, I wish
to have this question left open until the next
session ; and I would prefer to make a motion
to postpone the bill indefinitely. That will
leave the Indian department in the hands of
the Secretary of the Interior. That will not
change the condition of Indian affairs. But
I do not wish that at this time a judgment of
the Senate should be pronounced against the
proposition to transfer the Indian Bureau to
the War Department, for I am satisfied that it
will be of great advantage to the country, and
that that fact can be made to appear.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to suggest to the
Senator that the course proposed by him will
spare the expense of the commission contem-
plated by the bill, which, as I think, will be a
waste of public means.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit a motion that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
