1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
February 5,
The, message farther announced that the
President had approved and signed on the 5th
of February the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 69) to provide for the pay-
ment of pensions;
A bill (S. Nc>. 218) exempting certain prop-
erty of debtors in the District of Columbia
from levy, attachment, or sale on execution;
and
A bill (S. No. 479) to punish illegal voting
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
CLAIMS IN INSURRECTIONAL? STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to tha consideration of House bill
No. 902.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 902) to declare
the sense of an act entitle i " An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and
to provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States."
It proposes that the provisions of chapter
two hundred and forty of the acts of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, firstsession, approved July 4,
1864, shall not be construed to authorize the
settlement of any claim for supplies or stores
taken or furnished for the use of, or used by
the armies of the United States, nor for the
occupation of or injury to real estate, nor for
the consumption, appropriation, or destruction
of or damage to personal property by the mil-
. itai y authorities or troops of the United States,
where such claim originated during the war for
the suppression of the southern rebellion in
a State declared in insurrection by a proclama-
tion of the President of the United States, or
in a State which by an ordinance of secession
attempted to withdraw from the United States
Government; but nothing herein contained is
to .repeal or modify the effect of the joint
resolution of Congress passed July 28, 1866,
extending the provisions of the act of July 4,
1864, to the loyal citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee.
The Committoa on the Judiciary reported
the bill with various amendments. The first
amendment was in line thirteen, after the word
"State," to insert "or part of a State;" so as
to read '' in a State or part of a State declared
in insurrection."
Mr. IIOWE. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether a better form of
expression would not be, "in a State which or
any part of which was declared to bo in rebel-
lion.
Mr. FRUMBULTj. We follow the language
heretofore used.
Mr. IIOWE. Very well; I will not. urge the
point just now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen,
to strike out "a" and insert " the," and inline
fifteen to insert "dated July 1, 1802;" so as
to read, "declared in insurrection by the proc-
lamation of the President dated July 1, 1862.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill as it originally
stood excluded from compensation all persons
whose property may have been taken by the
Army, although they were residing in and the
property was located in that portion of a State
or States which was not declared to bo in
rebellion by the proclamation specifically men-
tioned in the amendment just adopted by the
Senate. There were other proclamations sub-
sequent to that. I forget the date of the sec-
ond proclamation; but 1 know that there was
one, ami perhaps more than one, subsequent to
the specified proclamation of 1862. 1 forget
the date of the occupation by the United States
of N !w Orleans and the surrounding territory,
but I think it was some time after the particu-
lar proclamation, and from the time that was
acquired the authority of the United States was
never for & moment disturbed within the limits
of that military occupation.
Now, I suggest to the honorable member
from Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, and to the Senate, why it would
not be just and right to secure to loyal citizens
of Louisiana who were within the military oc-
cupation of that State by the United States,
and whose property was taken for the United
States, the benefit of this bill. If it be right
to give the benefit of the bill to those who were
occupyingL a part of a State not embraced in
the rebellion, by force of the proclamation of
July 1,1862,1 cannot see why it is not equally
right to give the benefit of the bill to those who
were within the military occupation which the
United States obtained in Louisiana, being
loyal, and who may more or less have contrib-
uted to the military occupation or the reten-
tion of it, whose property may have been taken
subsequently for the use of the United States.
I have reason-to know that there were in New
Orleans and the immediate surrounding coun-
try a great many men who were really loyal,
many more than the country is now aware of,
who looked with the greatest solicitude to the
coming of the troops of the United States, and
who rejoiced when that event occurred, not for
a moment forgetting the allegiance they owed
the United States or their love of the institu-
tions of the General Government. Now, to
say that their property which was taken by the
United States for the benefit of their troops
after that period is not to be paid for seems to
me to be as unjust as it would be to say that
the property of those who happen to be in a
portion of a State not included within the
proclamation of the President of July 1, 1862,
should not have the benefit of the law.
The principle upon which the provision
stands is that the property of a loyal citizen
which has been used by the United States is
to be paid for, provided only that he does not
happen unfortunately to be within the limits
of a State the whole of which was declared to
be in rebellion. I propose, therefore, to amend
the bill by inserting between the fifteenth and
sixteenth lines these words: "or which at the
time the property was taken was within the
military occupation of the United States and
so remained to the close of the war."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Maryland that
there are other amendments of the committee
not yet passed upon.
Mr. JO HNSON. I will postpone my amend-
ment until they arc passed upon.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary, which was in
lines nineteen and twenty to strike out the
words "the joint resolution of Congress passed
July 28, 1866," and insert "any act or joint
resolution;" so as to read:
That nothing hereia contained shall repeal or
modify the effect of any act or joint resolution ex-
tending the provisions of the said act of July 4,1804,
to the loyal citizens of the State ofTennessee.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand that the
committee propose to strike out the provision
as to the joint resolution of July 28, 1866?
The PRESIDENTpj-o tempore. The amend-
ment proposes to strike out certain words and
insert other words in lieu of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee that it leaves the joint
resolution in relation to Tennessee in full
operation.
Mr. FOWLER. That is all I wished to
know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It only alters the lan-
guage so as to bring in West Virginia, too.
Mr. FOWLEii. I have no objection to the
amendment. *
The amendment was agreed to.
T he next amendment of the committee was
to insert after "Tennessee" at the end of the
biUthe words "or of the State of West Vir-
ginia or any county therein."
The amendment was agreed to. ~
Tho PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the committee having been
disposed ofi the question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. My amendment is to in-
sert after " 1862," in line fifteen, the words
" or which atthe time the property was taken
was,within the military occupation of the Uni-
ted States, and remained to the close of the
war."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that amendment
will not be.adopted. It will open the Treasury
to claims al.l over the scjuthern country where
our armies were in possession. They were in
possession of different -portions of the country
during that whole period, and it would be very
difficult to determine precisely what was within
our lines. The whole object of this bill is to
declare the sense of an act already in exist-
ence. The Quartermaster General and Com-
missary General have already put a construc-
tion upon that act, and they have decided in
both departments that no claims could be
allowed against the Government for quarter-
masters' or commissary stores which originated
in States in insurrection against the Govern-
ment. That is their decision, but claimants
in rebellious States are not satisfied with the
decision; they are instituting appeals and con-
stantly pressing claims of persons in the re-
bellious States who claim to be loyal citizens.
When the Congress of the United States passed
that act it was intended to confine it to claims
originating in the loyal States. That, I think,
is the legitimate meaning of the act, and in my
judgment the Commissary General and the
Quartermaster General have placed the proper
construction upon it,; but there is some ques-
tion about it; or at least lawyers employed by
claim agents make questions, and they are
appealing to the War Department and appeal-
ing to the President to ptit a different con-
struction upon the act. It is to settle that
question and1 to prevent a different construc-
tion which should open the Treasury to claims
all over the United States that this bill, which
originated in the House, is now proposed to
be passed.
Isiow, what does the Senatorfrom Maryland
propose to do ? He proposes to enlarge that
act. I shall enter into no argument with the
Senator from Maryland as to the propriety of
paying the just claims for commissary and
quartermasters' stores which were taken by
our Army and used when they were taken
from loyal citizens. The Senator knows that
I advocated at the last session of Congress the
passage of a bill, under, proper restrictions,
that would allow such persons to be paid
through the Court of Claims ; but the Senate
was unwilling to pass it, even restricted and
guarded as the bill was which the Committee
on the Judiciary reported at that time. The
Senate was unwilling to pass it, and did not
pass it. While the present law exists I think
it should receive the construction which has
been placed upon it by tho officers of the Gov-
ernment who are charged with its execution,
and in order to make that certain this bill was
proposed. Now, the Senator from Maryland
offers a proposition which would open the
Treasury to any claim which might be pre-
sented from any portion of the rebellious
States which was within the lines of our
Army and so continued till the end of the
wSr. I think it will be very dangerous to al-
low such claims to be brought in. It ought
not to be done in this bill at any rate. Let
us provide for these claims, not only in those
localities, but everywhere else, if we can, iu
the general bill which is proposed for that
purpose. I trust the Senate will not adopt
the amendment offered by tho Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was aware that the hon-
orable member was in favor of paying all claims
of this description made by men who were loyal
at the time the claims originated, and I sup-
posed because he was in favor of that princi-
pte that he would not object to the amendment
which I suggest. Now, as I understand tha
action of the commissary and quartermaster's
departments, independent of what the honor-
able member states, they have held that under
the act which this bill proposes to explain and
