1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a word
on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is evident now that a
debate is inevitable upon this question of post-
ponement; I know Senators will debate it on
both sides; and there is no use. at this stage
of the session, in wasting time. I need not say
that there is a pressure of business in executive
session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend from Ohio will allow me to say a single
word. The Senate, after the fullest consider-
ation at the last session, passed this bill, and
deliberately voted down a proposition to trans-
fer the Indian Bureau to the War Department.
It is certainly no objection to the bill that the
Committee on Indian Affairs have favored it,
and that the Committee on Military Affairs
also reported against the proposed transfer of
the bureau.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my motion is not
debatable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not going into the
discussion of the question. It is no objection
to the bill that two standing committees of this
body have reported against the House amend-
ment, and that a special committee raised by
the two Houses of Congress unanimously re-
ported the bill before the Senate after the full-
est consideration, and that the Committees on
Indian Affairs of the two Houses are unani-
mous in the support of the bill as the best
practical measure to bring about a better ad-
ministration of Indian affairs. It is surely no
objection to the bill that these facts exist;
and I say to my friend from Ohio that there
are involved in the bill very great considera-
tions, and it ought to be passed at this session
and this day if possible. If no other gentle-
man wishes to go into the discussion of the
merits of the bill I do not desire to do so.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly it will be discussed
if it comes up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the bill mnst be
discussed, as a matter of course we may as
well meet the discussion to-day as at any other
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is on my
motion to go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the motion before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is de-
batable within certain limits, though it is diffi-
cult to define the precise limitations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know from what Sen-
ators have said to me in regard to this matter
that the discussion will consume a great deal
of time, and I think we ought to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should be much
obliged to the Senator from Ohio if he would
not press bis motion for an executive session
until we dispose of this measure in some way.
Mr. SHERMAN. This motion will leave
it as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. I know it; but I de-
sire to have a meeting of the Committee on
Indian Affairs to-morrow to decide on the
amendments to be proposed to the Indian
appropriation bill, and if we spend the day
to-morrow discussing this measure in the Sen-
ate, of course the committee will not be able
to take up the appropriation bill to-morrow
mowing and agree on the amendments. The
Senator from Ohio, who has charge of that
appropriation bill from the Committee on
Finance, insists on it being taken up on Satur-
day, whether we be prepared or not. He has
just put in my hands many recommendations
from the Department, and I do not know how
to consider them until we settle this question.
The suggestion made by the Senator from
Ohio is, I think, the best one for the dispo-
sition of this subject; and that is to non-concur
in the House amendment and let the bill go
back to the House. Then, if the House want
a committee of conference, let them ask for
it; if they want the bill dropped, be it so,
then I shall know to-morrow exactly what
to do. The House can take it up and dis-
pose of it to-morrow morning. I do not wish
to consume the time of the Senate, and I will
not take time now to discuss this measure. It
is useless and unnecessary to do so: and I hope
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs
will not provoke discussion. I trust the Senate
will adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio, non-concur in the House amendment,
and then if they ask for a conference we can
settle the matter. We have 110 time now at
the heel of the session to discuss these matters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Oregon to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely, of course opens the whole subject.
There is nothing gained by that. You might
just as well act upon the bill and vote it down
or pass it, because if we vote to postpone
indefinitely that kills the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that; but
I stated that my object was to adjourn the dis-
cussion until the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course nothing is
gained by such a motion: its adoption kills the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the bill is not passed
at this session it is killed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course ; we under-
stand that; and that is the object of the
motion ; but nothing is gained by such a mo-
tion. I would be entirely willing to assent to
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, and
I should not have said a word if he had not
alluded to a committee of conference in con-
nection with this bill. I did not want it to
go to the House of Representatives that the
Senate desires a committee of conference in
reference to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not allude to a com-
mittee of conference, except that I said that if
we disagreed we could send the bill back to
the House and they could ask for a committee
of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator had left
out his reference to a committee of conference
and let the House understand the view of the
Senate, I should have no objection to taking
the course suggested by him. There seems to
be a very great difference of opinion between
the Senators from California and Oregon and
other Senators here. I do not wish to open
up any discussion in regard to the measure ;
but I object to going into executive session this
afternoon, because I think we can get the vote
quicker now than at any other time. If Sen-
ators will discuss it, let them discuss it to-day,
and let us hold on to it until we finish it. I
think we can soon get a vote. If the Senator
from Oregon and the Senator from California
insist upon discussing it, let them do so to-day.
I do not know, however, that either of them
does ; and I think the Senator from California
declined to discuss it further to-day. If we
can get a vote on it soon, it will be much better
than to delay it. I hope we shall not go into
executive session until we dispose of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the motion to go
into executive session will not be agreed to.
It seems to me it is a bad economy of this very
precious time of ours. We have this bill before
us, and a suggestion has been made by the
Senator from Ohio which promises to bring it,
at least for the present, to a certain close.
Why need it be discussed at this stage of the
session when there are two committees of this
body against it? Iam for discussion always
if there is any reasonable time, and if there is
any chance of any practical result. Now we
have not time, and there is no chance of any
practical result. It seems to me that it should
not be discussed now; we should not open that
field. I therefore went with the Senator from
Ohio when he proposed that we should return
the bill to the House. Let us do that without
any discussion, save our time, and then proceed
with important matters that are on our Calen-
dar. All the Senators about me have bills in
their charge which they wish to press; I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to say that if we go into
executive session any member can rise at any
moment and move that the doors be opened,
and that the Senate proceed with legislative
business. 1 f when we get into executive session,
the Senator does not see the necessity for it
lie can at once move that the doors be opened.
Mr. SUMNER. We are all aware of the
importance of an executive session, but then
I think it is more important at present to get
! this bill out of the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us occupy the next
hour on this bill and see what we can do with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that better.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
comes with rather an ill grace from him,
because, if I am not mistaken, he often dis-
cusses at great length in this body proposi-
tions of his own, when he knows that they will
not receive more than half a dozen votes in
this body. Now, he suggests that because two
committees have reported against the House
amendment to this bill there shall therefore
be no discussion upon it. I do not know that
it necessarily follows that a bill will pass be-
cause one committee or two committees favor
its passage.
Now, sir, what is the gpeat necessity for the
passage of this bill ? It simply creates eight
or ten offices with salaries of $4,000 apiece,
and multiplies the expenses and the officers of
the Indian department. That is its only prac-
tical effect, and yet it is urged here as though
the salvation of the country depended upon its
passage. I say that I am not willing that the
judgment of the Senate shall be taken at this
time against the House amendment without
discussion, although I am very unwilling to
| occupy the time of the Senate. This is a great
> question ; it is a question upon which a confer-
ence committee cannot act, becauseit is a sim-
ple question as to whether the Interior De-
partment ot the War Department shall have
the charge of Indian affairs. How can you
compromise that. One or the other must
necessarily recede from its position, and there-
fore it is a question that must be decided with-
out a conference committee, and I do object
to the judgment of the Senate being forced
against the proposition to put the Indian affairs
of the country under the control of the Military
Department of the Government without discus-
sion, because I have lived from my boyhood to
this time in western States and Territories,
j where I have had an opportunity to see the
; working of the present system, and I am con-
| vinced that the Military Department ought to
j have the charge of Indian affairs.
I Mr. WILSON. Eight years ago I voted in
; the Military Committee to report a bill to
transfer the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
, ment; I think since that time I have intro-
duced two or three bills for that purpose, and
my judgment has been in favor of that policy.
I Th<^other day I introduced a bill which was
l prepared with the greatest possible care, not
: by myself, but by Colonel Parker, on General
Grant's staff, in accordance with the report he
made to General Grant. His bill was approved
by General Grant and was in harmony with
the report and the facts stated in it. That bill
was taken up in the Military Committee; and
as the House of Representatives had put this
amendment on this bill, accomplishing the same
purpose, it was suggested that that bill be in-
I definitely postponed. Some members of the
committee who are in favor of the transfer
assented to that suggestion, knowing that the
question would come up on the House amend-
ment to this bill; and hence the committee
directed me to report against the bill I had
introduced. I did so and it was indefinitely
postponed.
So much for the action of the Committee on
Military Affairs. Senators will see how much
such action is worth, and to what extent it
should influence the action of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not worth anything.
Mr. WILSON. That is my opinion. Now,
I wish simply to say that this is a great ques-
tion ; it is a question that ought to be dis-
cussed two or three days in the Senate, and
that ought not to go to a cdwmitee of confer-
