288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
era district of Michigan, setting forth that their
compensation is only two dollars per day, which
is much leas than the compensation of an ordi-
nary laborer and too little for their daily ex-
penses, and praying for an'inerease of compen-
sation ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the'; memorial of citizens
of Bay county, Michigan, remonstrating against
the passage of an act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or having in
view the return within a limited time to Bpecie
payments, and against any law compelling all
national banks to redeem their notes in New
York; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of citizens
of Wayne county, Michigan, remonstrating
against the passage of an act authorizing the
curtailment of the national currency or having
in view the return within a limited time to spe-
cie payments, and against any law compelling
all national banks to redeem their notes m New
York, and praying for such an amendment to
the national bank act as will permit citizens to
organize as many national banks as the demands
of industry and trade may warrant; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented thirteen petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying for
an increase of pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Peter 0. King & Co., Grinnell, Minturn &
Co., and others, importers and dealers in
sugars, remonstrating against an increase of
the duty on imported sugars; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented four memorials of manu-
facturers, consumers of, and dealers in linseed
oil, remonstrating against an increase of the
duty on foreign linseed; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented three memorials of file
manufacturers, remonstrating against an in-
crease of the duty on steel as proposed in
House bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for" other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of saw man-
ufacturers, remonstrating against the increase
of the duty on steel; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented four memorials of con-
sumers of steel, remonstrating against an in-
crease of the duty on steel; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
William B. Mills, and others, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, remonstrating against the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national
currency or having in view within a limited
time the return to specie payments ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Woodford county, Illinois, praying for the
abolition of all laws imposing duties on im-
ports ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Rock Island, Illinois, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post route between Rock Island
and Sterling, Illinois; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
the people of Louisiana, signed by William W.
Pugh, chairman of levee commissioners, C.
Izard, secretary special commissioners, and
approved by J. Madison Wells, Governor of
Louisiana, praying for aid to enable the State
to raise the means to rebuild and repair the
broken and dilapidated levees on the banks of
the Mississippi and other rivers of that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
General U. S. Grant, Major General George
G. Meade, and a large number of other officers
of the Army, praying that when old officers of
the Army who have honestly and faithfully
served their country are withdrawn from active
service and placed on the retired list under
existing laws, they may, in addition to the pay
now granted to them, be allowed their service
or longevity rations, which is one ration per
day for every five years' service, as now pro-
vided by law for all officers on the active list j-
which was referred to the Committeemen Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Arizona-
praying for the repeal of the act approved May
5, 1866, by which a portion of that Territory,
embracing the chief part of Pah-Ute county
and all of Mohave county west of the Colorado
river, was ceded to the State of Nevada; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented the memorial of Rush R.
Slocum, praying for a reduction of the duty on
iron and steel used for railroad purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
the Delegates from the Territories of Utah
and Arizona, praying for the establishment of
assay offices for the melting, assaying, and re-
fining of gold at Great Salt Lake City, in Utah,
and the town of Prescott, in Arizona ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce the following
bills, which were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 485) in relation to the ap-
pointment of register of wills and register of
deeds for the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 586) in relation to the appoint-
ment of marshal for the District of Colombia.
SALE OP PERSONS INTO SLAYERT.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
iJ«solved. That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to consider if any action of Congress be
needed, either in the way of legislation or of a sup-
plementary amendment to the Constitution, to pre-
vent the sale of persons into slavery for a specified
term by virtue of a decree of court.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken
on the resolution, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to certain facts that have already
become more or less familiar to the public.
For instance, I hold in my hand an original
notice sent to me from Maryland, which is as
follows:
Public Sale. — The undersigned will sell at the
court-house door, in the city of Annapolis, at twelve
o'clock m„ on Saturday. 8th December, 1866, a negro
man named Richard Harris, for six months, con-
victed at the October term, 1866, of the Anne Arundel
county circuit court for larceny, and sentenced by
the court to be sold as a slave.
Terms of sale, cash.
VM. BRYAN.
Sheriff Anne Arundel county.
December 3,1866.
But this case does not stand alone. Here is
another ease on a still larger scale to which my
attention has been called by a correspondent,
who states that the persons mentioned in the
advertisement which I am about to read were
sold in his presence, before his very eyes. This
is as follows:
0 Public Sale.—The undersigned will offer for sale
at the court-house door in the city of Annapolis, at !
eleven o'clock a. m., on Saturday. 22d December, 1
1866, a negro man named John Johnson, aged about
forty years. The said negro was convicted at October
term, 1S66, of the circuit court for Anne Arundel for
larceny,and sentenced by the court to be sold in the
State for the term of oae year from 12th of December.
1866.
Also a negro man, convicted as aforesaid, named
Gassaway Price, atea about thirty years, to be sold
for a term of two years in the State.
Also a negro woman, convicted as aforesaid, named
Harriet Pardy, aged about twenty-five years, to be
sold for a term of one year in the State.
Also a negro woman, convicted as aforesaid,named
Dilby Harris, aged about thirty years, to he sold for
a term of two years in the State.
Terms of sale, cash.
WM. BRYAN, Sheriff.
December 15,1866.
It seems to me, sir, that these eases throw
upon Congress the duty at least of inquiry;
and I wish that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that repotted to this body the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery, would
give us their opinion on the validity of these
proceedings, and the necessity or expediency
of any further action of Congress in order to
prevent their repetition. I do not know that
the civil rights bill, which was afterward passed,
may not be adequate to meet these eases; but
I am not clear on that point. At the time the
constitutional amendment was under consider-
ation I objected positively to the phraseology
there introduced. I thought it was an unhappy
deference, if I may so express myself, to an
original legislative precedent at an earlier
period of our history. I regretted infinitely at
the moment that Congress was willing, even
indirectly, to sanction any form of slavery.
But I presume that the Senate, at the time they
passed upon that amendment, supposed that
the phrase " involuntary servitude, except for
crime whereof the party has been legally cob-
vieted," was simply applicable to ordinary im-
prisonment. At the time I feared that it was
not exclusively applicable to what we com-
monly understand by imprisonment, and that
it might be extended so as to cover some form
of slavery. It seems now that it has been so
extended, and I wish the Committee on the
Judiciary to consider whether the remedy can
be applied by an act of Congress or whether
we must not go farther and expurgate that
phraseology from the text of the Constitution
itself.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the east-
ern States, especially Massachusetts—I wish to
make no reflection upon the other States—have
often furnished examples to the other States
of the Union, and many of the other States of
the Union have very willingly followed the
examples thus set. The advertisements just
read are very good copies of advertisements
which in former years appeared in most of the
eastern States, and especially in the State of
Massachusetts, as any one will see who will take
the trouble of reading the old files of news-
papers or looking into Moore's ''History of
Slavery in Massachusetts." 2Jow, sir, the
Legislature of Maryland, I believe, has not
been in session since the adoption of the civil
rights bill, and the law authorizing these pro-
ceedings was on their statute-book. The Con-
stitution of the United States provides that
persons may be sold into slavery or involun-
tary servitude for crime, and I apprehend that
there is nothing in the Constitution to prevent
the proceedings in the State of Maryland,
whether those proceedings be wise or unwise.
\Ye have a similar statute in our State; but
since the passage of the civil rights bill, although
there have been a number of negroes convicted
for crime, they have not been sentenced, simply
on account of the existence of that civil rights
bill, and a number of them are now in jail. I
have just received a copy of the message of the
Governorofmy State, in which he recommends
an amendment of the State laws so as to ob-
viate any difficulty in the administration of the
criminal code growing out of the fact that the
culprits may be negroes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have no
objection to the reference of the resolution pro-
posed by the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts"; but, except by aconstitutional change,
and that made in more comprehensive terms
than has ever yet been adopted or even sug-
gested, I doubt whether the evil, if it be an
evil, can be corrected. Maryland has abolished
slavery by constitutional enactment; the peo-
ple of the United States have also abolished it in
the same way; but the question whether the
abolition of slavery deprives a State of the power
of punishing, by a sale of his services, a criminal
is quite another inquiry. The constitutional
amendment of the United States seems ti sop-
pose that there may be slavery or involuntary
servitude for crime. The term "slavery" is
not used, I believe, but involuntary servitude
is abolished, except aa a punishment for crimf.
