1G02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
not prevail. I thinlc in all fairness I am en-
titled to kive the bill now before the Senate
considered acd finished. I think the Consti-
tution will keep for one day longer.
Mr. WADE.' I suppose the Constitution
will keep a good many days just as it is, but I
do not think it is the best way to have it con-
tinued. Now this bankrupt bill has passed the
House; it is here, and can probably be finished,
though I do not know about that. Yesterday
we were all day upon it, and I believe took
no votes upon it at all, and i do not suppose
we shall to-day, for the ingenuity of men can
invent as many fancies over a bill as they
please, and they debate each one for a day and
no progress is made. But as it is a measure
that has passed the House, there is no doubt
about its passage here at some time during
the session; it probably will be finished when
the time comes that we cannot talk any longer
upon it. The joint resolution which I propose
to take up, however, has got to pass both
bodies, if it is to be acted upon at this session.
I do not believe, from what I understand by
conversing with many members, that it will
lead to very much delay or debate. I believe
it meets the approbation of almost every Sen-
ator, and has no relation to any party matter
whatever. I am very anxious to have it taken
up and passed upon now, because most, if not
all of the State Legislatures are in session, and
if we delay it for other business they will have
adjourned and the thing will have to lie along
a great while. I hope the Senate will consent
to take it up and pass it without debate. I
promise myself to make no speech about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope that this
bankrupt bill will not be interfered with. We
have had it under consideration for several
days and have now almost got through with it.
When the Senator says that we made no prog-
ress yesterday I think he is mistaken. I think
there was a great deal of progress made. We
acted on all the remaining amendments of the
committee and took several votes, but did not
quite finish the bill. I think it maybe finished
to-day. In my opinion it is very poor policy
to follow up a measure almost to completion
and then drop it for some new measure, which
will undoubtedly create considerable discus-
sion. As to the State Legislatures, they will
be in session longer than we shall, undoubt-
edly. They sit ordinarily later than the 4th
of March, so that there will be time enough to
act on this other question. But my great
objection is in regard to the modo of doing
business. We had better finish one thing at a
time, especially when an important measure is
under consideration. I hope we shall finish
the bankrupt bill, and then I shall have no
objection to proceeding with the other meas-
ure.
Mr. WADE. I am perfectly satisfied that if
we do not take up this joint resolution now
the Senator will come in in a day or two with
his financial measures, that every thing else
must give placo to, of course, and in my opin-
ion if we do not take it up now it will get the
go-by.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think so.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the bankrupt
bill and.all prior orders, and take up Senate
joint resolution No. 33, proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. As the yeas and nays are
ordered, I desire to make one remark. I am
as earnest for the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio as he can be. It ought to be
adopted, and I do not allow myself to doubt
that it will be adopted. But I agree with the
Senator from Maine. We are already launched
in one important business ; let us get through
with it. I think we can go through with it to-
day. Let us finish the bankrupt bill, and then
take up the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
There is another reason why we should pro-
ceed with the bankrupt bill in preference to
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio. A
constitutional amendment does not need the
signature of the President of the United States.
We may, therefore, act upon that proposition
even down to the last day, whereas an act of
legislation does require the signature of the
President. There is a difference between the
two cases.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say that I
will vote on some other occasion to take up
this resolution. Yesterday, however, when
we adjourned, it was understood among mem-
bers that to-day was to be given to the Senator
from Vermont for the conclusion of his bill. I
consider myself, having acquiesced then, bound
in good faith to stand by that understanding.
To-morrow, or any other occasion when it is
proper, I will vote with the Senator from Ohio
to take up his resolution. I think it is a very
important and very interesting measure, and
I desire to propose some additional provisions
to it, for which, when the time arrives, I shall
ask the attention and discussion of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. If the friends of-the joint res-
olution think that it had better go over I shall
not quarrel with them about it; and if I may
be permitted to do so I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays, and also the motion to
take it up; but I give notice that I shall press
it to-morrow if this bankrupt bill is out of the
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be withdrawn by the unanimous consent of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection, and
the motion is withdrawn.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (IT. R. No. 1130) to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and twenty-nine
of the laws of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1131) to authorize the
Secretary of War to convey certain lots in
Harper's Ferry, West Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 942) donating a portion
of the Fort Leavenworth military reservation
for the exclusive use of a public road;
A bill (H. R. No. 1125) granting an addi-
tional pension to Samuel Downing, one of the
last surviving soldiers of the revolutionary
war;
A bill (II. R. No. 1127) to fix the pay of the
quartermaster sergeant of the battalioli of
Engineers;
A bill (H. U. No. 1128) to authorize the
payment of prize money to certain officers and
enlisted men of the Signal corps of the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1129) providing for the
issue of certificates of service to officers and
soldiers of volunteers;
A joint resolution (II. R. 4jvo. 261) for the
relief of Stephen E. Jones;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 262) for the
payment of Captain James Kelley, sixteenth
United States infantry; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 263) for the
purchase of Davids island, New York harbor.
bankrupt bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 598) to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States, the pend-
ing question being on the motion of Mr. Hend-
kicks to strike out the proviso to the thirty-
seventh section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
Senator having the bankrupt bill in charge
desires to amend the proviso which I moved
to strike out yesterday evening, and with the
permission of the Senate, in order to allow
him to move his amendment, I will withdraw
the motion which I made to strike out the
proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER". The motion
of the Senator from Indiana is withdrawn.
Mr. POLAND. I will move an amendment
to this thirty-seventh section, which I think will
obviate the objection which was made by the
Senator from Indiana, and also the objection of
the Senator from Michigan, to this section. I
propose to amend the section in the second line
by inserting after "the word "all" the words
"moneyed and business" so that it will read:
That the provisions of this act shall apply to all
moneyed and business corporations and joint-stock
companies,-&c*
Mr. HOWARD. Let me suggest as a sub-
stitute forthe word "business" theword "com-
mercial. " It seems to me that the word'' busi-
ness " is a little more comprehensive than the
word "commercial," and may be construed to
include all corporations to carry on any kind
of business, even the business of distributing
charities or the business of employing teach-
ers in schools, or of conducting religious exer-
cises. Certainly the Senator from Vermont
does not design to include such corporations.
I wish to remove as far as possible all chance
for caviling interpretations of the statute, all
doubt ana uncertainty. I merely make the
suggestion to him. I think the word " com-
mercial" would be preferable to the word
"business." ■
Mr. POLAND. I desire to obtain precisely
the same result by this amendment that the
Senator from Michigan desires, if we can only
agree upon the exact word. My amendment
proposes to limit this section to moneyed and
business corporations, and the Senator from
Michigan proposes the word '' commercial'' in-
stead of the word "business."
Mr. HOWARD. Then I will suggest to the
Senator to add the word "commercial," so
that it will read, "moneyed, business, or com-
mercial corporations."
Mr. POLAND. I accept that.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I now propose to amend
the proviso to this thirty-seventh section by
striking out in lines twenty-seven, twenty-eight,
and twenty-nine the following words:
Sucli decree of bankruptcy shall work a forfeituro
of all tho franchises of such corporation, and the
affairs of such coloration shall he wound up.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
All its property and assets shall be distributed to
the creditors of such corporation.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That whenever any corporation, by pro-
ceedings under this act, shall be declared bankrupt,
all its property and assets shall be distributed to the
creditors of such corporation in the mannerprovided
in this act in respect to natural persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I made a motion yester-
day to strike out the whole of this section, upon
which I believe no vote has been taken. For
the reasons which I gave yesterday I enter-
tain very strong doubts of the constitutional-
ity of the whole section; in other words I-
entertain doubts as to the applicability of the
bankrupt power in the Constitution to State
corporations, and in order to test the sense
of the Senate upon that, to me, very grave
question, I hope the vote will be taken on
my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Michigan to strike out the thirty-seventh sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire to take up
any time in arguing this constitutional ques-
tion. Under the provision of the Constitution
authorizing Congress to establish uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcy, I understand that
they are invested with power over the relation
of debtor and creditor to the fullest extent;
and that, although these corporations are arti-
ficial persons, created bylaws of tho State, the
relations of debtor and creditor that they hold
with other persons are as much within the juris-
diction and within the power of Congress in
the establishment of a bankrupt law as the
relations of any other class of creditors and
