1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1679
the mile where the land is not occupied as res-
ervations or by preecnptors.
Mr. NESMITH. The distance is about
three hundred and fifty miles, and tliere are
three sections of land to the mile granted. I
will say that a portion of the way the land is
covered by au Indian reservation ; that all the
country intervening in this three hundred and
fifty miles, or nearly all, is an arid and sterile
region, and I do not think the land to-day
would sell for ten cents an acre. It is through
an unsettled portion of the country, connect-
ing the navigable point 011 the Columbia river
with the great mining region. It is necessary
that the country should be opened up in order
to facilitate communication between the navi-
gable waters of the Columbia and this great
mining region lying east. The land has been
opened to preemption, that which is not cov-
ered by occupancy for the last twenty years,
and I do not think there are twenty sections
of it that have ever been taken up. It might
have been taken either under the homestead
law or under the donation to actual settlers.
The land is comparatively valueless. It is
thought that it can be used probably in the con-
struction of this road and the opening up of
the country so as to facilitate settlement. It is '
a country entirely destitute of timber, and the
only purpose for which it is valuable is grazing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very unusual I think
to pass bills of this description without a report
from the Department of the Interior or the
Commissioner of the General Land Office as
to the extent, location, and so on, of the land
granted; but I am not disposed to quarrel with
this bill on that ground. I should be glad to
be informed by the chairman of the committee
or by my friend from Oregon whether there
is in this bill the usual exception of mineral
lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; it expressly
excepts all mineral lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the Secre-
tary to read that clause in the bill.
The Secretary read the following proviso to
the first section:
And provided further, That the grant hereby made
shall not embrace any mineral lands of the United
States.
Mr. POMEROY. Bills of this character, I
will state for the information of the Senator
from Vermont, are all drawn from one model.
Wherever there is anything reported from the.
committee that has not been passed by the
Senate in previous land grants, we always make
an express statement to that effect, because we
have one mode1 and one system for all land-
grant roads that have passed this body within
the last four or six years. They all contain
precisely the same grant in the same form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state, for the infor-
mation of the Senator from Kansas, to recipro-
cate his courteous information to me, that as
far as my observation has gone thtere has been
another model, and that is, that we do not
grant lands until we know from the Land Office
how much and what they are; and therefore
on principle this bill ought not to pass until
the Senate is officially informed of the extent
and location of these lands ; but, as I said be-
fore, I believe personally that this particular
bill is a fair and just one from what I know in
general about it, although I was not present in
committee why* it was considered, and so I
am not disposed to object to the bill on that
ground; but I should not wish it to be used as
a precedent for granting away the public lands
when we do not know how much or what they
are.
Mr. POMEROY. These land grants extend
over the unsurveyed lands of the United States,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office knows as little about the unsurveyed
lands of the United States as I do. He has
no means of knowing. When the bill defines
how many sections per mile is conveyed no-
body knows how many acres are granted any
better than the Senate do who pass the bill.
Yon can get nothing in the Land Office on that
subject.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. !
A message from the House of Representa- j
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R.
No. 905) declaring Clinton bridge, across the
Mississippi river at Clinton, in the State of
Iowa, a post route ; and that it had passed the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 283) for the relief of
Edward St. Clair Clarke.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bill and joint resolution, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of
James Tetlow; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) instruct-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to order a sur-
vey for a bridge or bridges across the Potomac.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now desire to proceed
with the unfinished business, which is Senate
bill No. 204.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
allow me to call up a couple of bills that have
passed the House of Representatives and been
reported by the Committee on Public Lands-of
the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill has passed the ;
Senate and House of Representatives both,
and is now pending on a disagreement between
the two Houses, and it is very important that
the question should be acted upon, as the Indian
i appropriation bill is behind it, and it is neces-
sary to act upon this bill before that is acted
upon.
Mr. POMEROY. The State of Tennessee
did not accept their land grant for an agri-
cultural college within the time required. They
were not represented in Congress. I havehere a
joint resolution which has passed the House
merely extending the time to enable the State
of Tennessee to accept the agricultural college
land grant, and there is nothing else in it. The
State was in no condition to accept it before.
This resolution has passed the House and is in
the Senate, and it will take but a moment to
pass it through the Senate, and thus enable the
State of Tennessee to accept that land grant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a measure that
can be called up at any time. We shall soon
dispose of this bill and then we can take that
up afterward. I have no objection to that
resolution. My courtesy and good nature in
yielding first to the right and then to the left
I fear will absolutely destroy all the chance I
have to get the unfinished business proceeded
with before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise for information. I
desire to inquire whether there is such a thing
as unfinished business having precedence now
or not? Have we not proceeded to business,
and is there such a thing as unfinished business
before the Senate at this time?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks, strictly, there is ; still the Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill named by him, and
the Chair was about to put the motion when
debate began upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
that; but when it is put I hope the bill will not
be taken up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is necessary that
I should, under the circumstances, make a
motion and take the sense of the Senate, I will
take the sense of the Senate. This bill was
under consideration yesterday, and gave way
for the reconstruction bill. It is understood
generally that it is important that it should be
disposed of. It was before the Senate to-day
as unfinished business when we went into ex-
ecutive session ; and when any person has pro-
ceeded to take up any measure this evening it
has been by unanimous consent as I have un-
derstood, for 1 distinctly stated every time that
a measure has been proposed that I yielded
informally with the unanimous consent of the
Senate if it would lead to 110 debate. If I had
supposed that I was allowing this bill to lose
its place, I should have objected to every meas-
ure presented here. That was my understand-
ing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I deem it proper to say
that was my understanding also. I understood
the measure I called up was taken up infor-
mally.
Mr. POMEROY. The last measure was
taken up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senate will
consider this as unfinished business and let us
go on with it.
Mr. MORRILL. Call for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have called for it, but
I understand the Chair to intimate that it is
necessary to make a motion to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator as making a motion,
and was about putting the motion to the Sen-
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin has not made any motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood him to make a motion. If he with-
draws it, that of course ends it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I may have been so
understood by the Chair. My intention was
j to call up the unfinished business.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that he can call
i up the unfinished business only by a motion.
j Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill was pending
] when we went into executive session. My
friend from California raises the point whether
it i3 unfinished business. We will not get into
J a discussion about that; but as the shortest
way to it I will take the sense of the Senate.
! Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
j proceed  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not yield the floor
to a motion to displace ray bill. •
Mr. BUCKALEW. Make your motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire of the
Chair if the Chair understands that this is the
unfinished business. If it is not, then I submit
a motion to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it was unfinished business,
but still would prefer to submit the question to
a vote of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will take the
sense of the Senate. I move to take up the
unfinished business.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I ask that the bill may be
reported that the Senator calls for, that we may
hear what it is.
The Secretary read the title of the bill as
follows:
A bill (S. No. 204) to provide for an annaal inspec-
tion into Indian affairs, and for other purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will not
proceed with the consideration of this bill to-
night. First, the Senate is thin, and it is per-
haps one of the most important bills that has
been presented during the session. I can well
understand the disposition there is on the part
of some Senators to consider this bill, if it is
| to be considered at all, before what is called
I the Indian appropriation bill shall be consid-
| ered, but I very much prefer that the Indian
appropriation bill shall be considered without
any reference to this measure. What is it that
we propose to consider? A bill to establish,
I do not know how many, something less than
a score of additional offices in connection
with the management of Indian affairs, to add
to the present enormous expenditure; to put a
new set of agents and superintendents watch-
ing and superintending over those that exist,
and to give them large salaries, thousands of
dollars ; as has been well described, to select
!! one as a military officer, another from the
II religious denominations of the country, and
J some civilian, and to set aside in doing that
j the important and able reports that have been
ii made by our great military commanders. At
