1867.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
If "involuntary servitude'' means slavery, it is
difficult to see why the exception dees not au-
thorize the existenceofslaveryin an individual
if he has committed a crime and the Legislature
of the State where the crimeis committed-makes
that a mode of punishment.
There is no immediate necessity, I think, as
the honorable member will see, if he does not
already know what. I am about to mention,
for taking any decisive steps in the cases to
which he has adverted,so far as Maryland is
concerned. The parties who have been adver-
tised, as stated by the honorable member from
Massachusetts, were tried for the offenses
alleged against them in the proper court at
Annapolis, the circuit court for Anne Arundel
county, convicted by a jury, and the punish-
ment of sale was inflicted under the provisions
of a statute which has been upon the statute-
book there from the beginning of the State
government. It has been supposed, however,
that the judge violated the Constitution of the
United States, or in some way violated the
civil rights bill. That is a question of law.
He has been proceeded against under the civil
rights bill. He has been, or is about to be,
indicted in the circuit court of the United
States for that imputed offense, and his case
will there be tried—and tried, I suppose, at
a very early period—and will afterward be
brought to the Supreme Court of the United
States! When that decision is pronounced we
shall know whether this species of punishment
can be inflicted now ; and if the court decide
that it may be inflicted now, then we shall be
able to decide whether it is advisable by con-
stitutional modification or provision to pro-
hibit such punishment in the future. I do not
see, therefore, that my friend from Massachu-
setts will accomplish iiis purpose more speed-
ily by the measure ho proposes than by wait-
ing for the action of the judiciary. The judge
of that circuit in Maryland has also been called
before the Commissioner of the United States
under the civil rights bill, and has given bail
for his appearance there. There is a certainty,
therefore, that the question will be tried, and
speedily tried. There will be no difficulty in
getting the Supreme Court of the United States
to act upon it, for whatever may be the state
of legislation which renders it difficult or im-
possible to have some classes of cases there
tried, that difficulty will not exist so far as
relates to an appeal from the circuit court of
the United States in Maryland, or from the
superior court of that State if the ease should
go from there, under the twenty-fifth section
of the judiciary act, to the Supreme Court of
the United States.
I say in conclusisn, Mr. President, and the
member from Massachusetts I am sure will
not be displeased to know that, that perhaps
there is no State in the Union in which there
is a more fixed determination that slavery, in
the common acceptation of the term, slavery
of the innocent, slavery on account of color,
slavery on any account except for crime, shall
not exist than there is in Maryland : but it is
possible that the people of Maryland may think
there is very little difference between consign-
ing a man to a short term of slavery for an
offense and locking him up in the penitentiary
for twenty or thirty years or hanging him. I
think it very probable that if the party offend-
ing was given the choice he might prefer the
first instead of the second, and certainly instead
of the last; that is, lie would prefer serving
another for a short time, when he would again
become a freeman, to being hung, when of
course nobody could tell what would become
of him in the future. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator if the punishment of which ho speaks
extends to white persons.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it does; I am not
Bure.
Mr. CRESWELL. No, sir: it does not.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whipping did, I know,
at one time. They do not whip now. If there
is a difference, if that is the state of the law
now, the Legislature of Maryland is in session,
and I haVe so doubt they will change it. I am
not for whipping-.. I hav,e seen it administered
upon white men as well as black men, and it is
a horrible exhibition, in my opinion. So far
as the party charged is concerned, perhaps .he
would prefer it to the amount of punishment
which exists in other States. If there be a
distinction between black and white with ref-
erence to this kind of punishment, I have no
doubt the Legislature will promptly correct it
—I am sure they ought to do so—or if they do
not, then the question will arise whether it does
not fell within the inhibition of the civil rights
bill, and whether the courts will enforce that
measure.
Mr. CRESWELL. With regard to the evil
complained of by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, I have a very decided opinion,
and that is, that it has already been provided
against by the constitutional amendment. I
cannot imagine that any reasonable interpreta-
tion given to the phraseology used in the con-
stitutional amendment could justify any such
practice as has been attempted and acted out in
Maryland. Those words have received an in-
terpretation for the last eighty years by reason
of their application to the northwest territory,
and, so far as I am informed, a case has never
been presented where a human being was placed
upon the block and sold publicly to an indi-
vidual to oblige him to perform involuntary
service to that individual by way of punishment
for crime. I ask my honorable friend from
Ohio if that has ever been the case in his State.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. CRESWELL. I apprehend and have
always understood that a fair interpretation of
those words 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not seen the case,
but I understand a case arose either in Indiana
or Illinois, and the court there dccidcd that the
"involuntary servitude" referred to must be
performed under the direction of the State
authorities, in the way of punishment, and must
be rendered to the State.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is precisely the
point I intended to make, that the words "un-
less for crime" applied to the phrase "invol-
untary servitude," and signified only that sort
of involuntary servitude which a culprit may
be obliged to render to the State, and never
intended to authorize any individual, by reason
of a decree of court or a public sale, to hold
any other human being in bondage. That is
my acceptation of those words, and I think it
is the proper one. Therefore, under my inter-
pretation of them, when the constitutional
amendment is enforced by '1 appropriate legis-
lation," which perhaps the civil rights bill may
effect, there will be no difficulty with regard to
any of this class of cases. If the civil rights
bill is not sufficient to effcct that purpose, then
certainly it is incumbent on us to provide,
under the accompanying clause to the amend-
ment of the Constitution, for all this class of
cases. I sincerely trust, therefore, that this
resolution will be adopted, and that the com-
mittee may report at an early day.
While I am up I desire to say one word in
regard to a remark which fell from my honor-
able colleague. He stated that in Maryland
perhaps equally with any other State in the
Union, [Mr. Conness. More.] more than in
any other State in the Union, there was a dis-
position to dispense with all the ramifications
and all the evil influences resulting from the
old system of slavery. I trust in God that that
is the case ; nevertheless, I much doubt it. We
shall see very soon what action will be taken
by the Legislature, which convened yesterday,
in regard to the remains of the black code now
standing upon the statute-book of Maryland.
Wo have in some measure reformed it; but
the law under which these decrees have been
passed, and under which these sales have been
made is a relic of that code in its very worst
aspect; and 1 apprehend that the spirit that
prompted the selection of that mode of pun-
ishment, when there is an option given to the
court, is the lingering spirit that the institution
of slavery has begotten and cherished during
the long years of the early history of the Gov-
ernment. It has been selected, I say, uiider
this statute, which applies only to the negro
race, with a view, as I believe, to test the ques-
tion as to how far they may go under the con-
stitutional amendment. I hope that that ques-
tion may be tested to the utmost, and if any
further legislation is necessary on the part of
Congress, either by bill or by constitutioaal
amendment, that we shall not hesitate a mo-
ment to adopt it, in order to eradicate every
vestige of this old spirit.
Mr. SUMNER. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] seem to
me to justify entirely the proposition which
I have made. I. have simply called the at-
tention of the committee to what was already
notorious, but with a view to action on their
part. I am not sure myself that under the
constitutional amendment this abuse may not
be justified. I do not pronounce any positive
opinion, but I desire to have the opinion of
the committee after ample consideration.
This, sir, is not the first time, however, in
which incidents like this have occurred. I
remember that many years ago, when I first
came into this Chamber, the people that I
represent were shocked very much by reading
that four colored sailors of Massachusetts had
been sold into slavery in the State of Texas.
I did what I could to obtain their liberation,
but I did not succeed. I applied directly to
the Senator from Texas at that time, who will
be remembered by many as a very able gen-
tleman, General Rusk, by whose side I sat on
the other side of the Chamber, and he openly
vindicated the power of the court to make
such a sale, and I have never heard anything
of those poor victims from that time to this
hour. Under the operation of the constitu-
tional amendment I trust they are now eman-
cipated, but I am not sure of that, since they
are in Texas.
The resolution was agreed to.
printing of bankrupt bill.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of
House bill No. 598, and the amendments thereto,
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
land grants for railroads.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands in-
quire into the sufficiency of existing laws to protect
the interests of the United States in lauds granted
for the benefit of railroad companies before patents
have issued, and also in lands occupied for home-
steads before the title has passed to the claimant,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of December 17, 1866, re-
ports of the assistant commissioners of freed-
men and a synopsis of laws respecting persons
of color in the late slave States; which, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a report of the Secretary of
War, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of July 24, 1866, in-
formation touching the probable cost of con-
structing a railroad on the route mentioned in
the charter of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company: which, on motion of Mr. Trum-
bull, was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
peonage in new mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to consider if any further legislation is
needed to prevent the enslavement of Indians in
New Mexico or any system of peonage there, and
