240
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January, 8,
especially to prohibit -the employment of the Army
of tiia United States in the surrender of persons
claimed as peons.
I ask for the present consideration of . the
resolution.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, pro-
ceeded to its consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to important
facts under that resolution. I think yon will
be astonished when yon know that the evi-
dence is complete that at this moment in a
Territory of the United States there is a system
of slavery which a proclamation of the Pres-
ident-has down to this day been unable to root
out. During the life of Mr. Lincoln I more
than once appealed to him to exercise his
power as the head of the executive, to root
this esil out of the Territory of New Mexico.
The result was a proclamation and also definite
orders from the Department of War 5 but in the
face of that proclamation and of those definite
orders this abuse has continued, and according
to the official evidence it seems to have in-
creased. I have in my hand the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, from which I
will read a short passage. I read from page 33:
" On the snbject of peonage, the qualified slavery
still prevalent in New Mexico, authorized by its
laws and encouraged and practiced by its people,
officials of Government, and natives of the United
States as well as those who have been 'to the manor
born,' Mr. Graves's statements, with the evidence
presented therewith, aresuch as to leave no doubt of
the duty of Congress to take the matter in hand and
deal with it effectually. This office hasdone all that
lay in its power by promulgating the order of the
President forbidding the practice, and all the other
Departments of the Government issued like direc-
tions to the officers responsible to them; bat in spite
of all this it is clear that the practice still continues
to a greater or less extent."
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator state the
date of tlie report he reads from?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the report of this year
just made—the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs submitted to Congress at the
opening of this session.
Then there is the report of the special agent,
J. K. Graves, which is made to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in which he expresses
himself as follows:
" Upon the subject of peonage I have gives consid-
erable thought; and inasmuch as this pernicious sys-
tem of slavery still exists to as alarming extent in
all parts of the Territory of New Mexico Government
should at once adopt vigorous measures tending to
its immediate abolition." * * * * *
"The citizens hera, although strictly enjoined to
give recompense for all service, will nevertheless
cling tenaciously to their old customs, and unless the
Government,in adopting a definite policy relative to
this remaining blot upon the otherwise fair scroll of
freedom, sends a special power to the Territory to
direct and superintend the practical details of the
work of improvement the system will continue for
years to come, and be marked with all its present
degrading tendencies." * * * * *
*' A practice, sanctioned by territorial law, has ob-
tained by which the whites are encouraged to make
volunteer expeditions or campaigns against the
Indians. Theoretically those participating in these
raids are rewarded with the plunder obtained, but
should report at the territorial offices all the captives;
while practically, in most cases, the captives are
either sold at an average of seventy-five to four hun-
dred dollars, or held in possession in practical slavery.
This state of things cf course keeps up a state of
hostility among the Indians. £he intervention of
Congress is asked to pi >.t a stop to this practice."
Agaiu, in another place he says:
"This system, either in the ordinary Mexican form,
that of a state of continual imprisonment or service
for debt, or in that of practical enslavement of cap-
tive Indians, 'is the universally recognized mode of
securing labor and assistance.' No less than four
hundred Indians are thus held in Santa F6 alone.
Their treatment varies with the whims and feelings
of their holders. Sometimes they are doubtless bet-
ter off than when free. The arguments to sustain the
system are the same as those formerly used in behalf
of slavery. In spite of the stringent orders of the
Government the system continues^ and nearly every
Federal officer held peons in service. The superin-
tendent of Indian affairs bad half a dozen. The prac-
tice of Federal officers sustained it."
It i_s to that that I desire to call particular
attention. In the resolution which is now on
your table, sir, I specially ask the action of the
committee with reference to the employment
of the Army of the United States in the sur-
render of fugitive peons. A correspondence
m diven in the report of the Commissioner of
l&di&n Affairs which illustrates this. Here, for
instance, is a letter from N. H. Datisrassist-
ant inspector general United States Amy:
Las Cetjces, August 22,1865.
The commanding officer of Fort Selden will allow,
and assist if necessary, the bearer, Bon Pedro Garcia,
and retain and take in bis charge his peon, Antonio
Rodriguez, if at said post.
By command of General Carleton:
N. H. DAVIS,
Assistant Inspector General United States A rmy.
To that we have the following reply;
Headquarters Fort Seldes,
Nsw Mexico, August 22,1865.
CoLGNELr Yoursofto-day requiringmeto assist in
my offieial capacity in taking ardelivering to a citi-
zen a peon is received. I desire to Be informed expli-
citly whether I am to take this as a precedent audio
deliver to any person elaimingtheperson of another.
This is directly contrary to civil law. The laws of
the Territory, according to my recollection, have
made it a penal offense to return a man to another
claiminghimashisown. The President of the United
States has abolished involuntary servitude; it is cer-
tainly contrary to the established rales and regula-
tions of the Government under which we live.
I should like some instructions on this point, if you
require mo to return those who have escaped from
involuntary servitude. It is directly contrary to my
opinion of law and justice, and I will only 4o it on
positive and unmistakable orders.
I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, J. H. WHITLOCK,
Gxptatn First Veteran Infantry, California Volun-
teers, Commanding.
Colonel N. H. Davis,
Assistant Inspector General, Las Cruces, New Mexico,
Then to that we have the reply of this assist-
ant inspector general of the United States, in
which he undertakes to lay down the law and
the Constitution; and I am sorry to understand
that h$ is a Massachusetts man:
Inspector General's Department,
Depabtsf.xt of New Mexico,
cotfeordia, texas, September 1,1S65.
Your letter of the 22d ultimo has been received, in
which your premises taken are wrong and your rea-
soning fallacious. Peonage is voluntary and not in-
voluntary servitude. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States or the proclamation of the President does
not prohibitit. Thestatute lawof the laud expressly
recognizes this servitude. It is an apprenticeship, or
an agreement between the master and servant, and
not only can the master arrest and take his servant
peon, but the civil authorities are commanded to
arrest and deliverthe peon to his master when desert-
ing him. (See Laws of New Mexico, chapter twelve:
contracts between master and servant, passed by the
Legislative Assembly, 185$ and 1S59.)
Mr. CONNESS. Those statutes have been
repealed, have they not?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Cali-
fornia reminds me that they have been re-
pealed.
Mr. CONNESS. I think so.
Mr. SUMNER. But this learned officer
who lays down the law treats them as still
existing.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the Senator
that, if repealed—and it is my impression they
have been—it has been only very recently.
Mr. SUMNER. This learned offieer then
proceeds:
You now hold a civil prisoner arrested by mili-
tary authority. The question is not whether peoaaee
is a good or bad kind of servitude; it is whether it
is recognized by law, and whether when a peon had
swindled his master out of a large sum of money and
deserted him, taking shelter at a military post, the
commander thereof would, by extending theeourtesy
of aidiug or acting for the civil authorities in sur-
rendering the culprit, violate any obligation of law
or duty. It seems that hi the case in question he
would not. $a
You ask for explicit instructions, and mako use
of disrespectful and threatening language. The first
will be granted, and the latter this time overlooked.
You are hereby directed so farto aid in therendi-
tionof peons when claimed by their masters, or there
is a reasonable cause to believe they have deserted
them, as not to allow them to remain on the military
reservation. These instructions will bo faithfully
executed, in spirit as well as letter, without evasion.
By command of General Carleton, commanding
Department of Now Mexieo.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. H. DAVIS.
JUtf-wtanf Inspector General United States Army.
Captain J. II. Whitlock,
Commanding lort tielilen, J\Tew Mexico,
The special Indian agent who reports this
correspondence very aptly adds:
" The aid of Congress is invoked to stop the prac-
tice."
I hope the Department of War will commu-
nicate directly with General Carleton, under
whose sanction this order has been made, and
I hope that our Committee on the Judiciary
will consider carefully if any further legislation
is needed in order to meet this ease. A presi- -
dential proclamation has failed$ orders Of th4>.
War Department thus far have failed; the abas©:
still continues, and we have a very lea^iied-
officer in the Army of the United States under-'
taking to vindicate it.
Mr, CONNESS. I wish to say a single word
(as the morning hour ig nearly closed and we
cannot go to other business) in connection with
the pending resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The officer spoken of
and mentioned, Captain Wltidock,.is person-
ally known to me, and his communication,
which has been read, is bat additional evidence
to me of his great personal and official recti-
tude as a public servant It is also known to
me, as it has been for perhaps four years past,
that the administration of military affairs in
Territory of New Mexico has been a standing
disgrace to this Government. I have mam
efforts in the direction of a change—all the
efforts that I was capable of making; but in ail
the applications and in all the presentations I
have m ade, both to the President and to the War
Department, I have found that at every point
the case was, to use a common term, blocked.
There was no such thing as even inquiring into
the administration of General Carleton in New
Mexico. While the war went on I had sup-
posed there was some excuse for this, bat now
when it is over there is no longer excuse, and
this record presented here this morning is but
one single additional feet in the whole line of
maladministration in that Territory. I think
it is a fact. I think I have evidence in my pos-
sion that this officer, high in command in the
United States Army and in the administra-
tion of its military affairs, is personally inter-
ested at this time, and has been, in leasing and
letting to the Government of the United State3
the houses they use and the posts they oceapy
upon their own land.
But. sir, I did not intend to more than call
attention to the matter. I have failed -utterly
in all the attempts I have been able to make in
getting such attention to the subject as would
lead to a correction. I hope that this inquiry
will go in that direction and finally be effective.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
no disposition to resist the investigation the
Senator from Massachusetts desires, but it
seems to me that, as this is a complaint against
the Army and the manner in which its officers
are discharging their duties, it more appro-
priately belongs to the Military Committee,
and I suggest to him that he had bettor send it
there. Ido not see what the Judiciary Com-
mittee can do with it. Military commanders
certainly have some authority to meet the case.
General Grant or the President can supersede
the officer there at any time; the Secretary of
War has the means of having Ms orders en-
forced. I %nderstand the Senator to state that
the Secretary of War has issued orders and
that they are not obeyed. I presume that the
military laws provide the means of enforcing
the orders of the War Department, and I am
quite sure that if they do not, his colleague, who
is at the head of the Military Committee of the
Senate, can very soon provide a law that will
give the Secretary the power to enforce his
orders.
Really, it is not a matter of which the com-
mittee to which the Senator proposes to refer
it has any pocoliar knowledge. It would be
groping in the dark. It is not a subject familiar
to the members of the committee ; and if it'
has connection with Indian or military affairs
it seems to me it had better go to one of those
committees, who are familiar with the manner
in whieh Indian affairs are conducted and we
familiar with the conduct of our officers be-
longing to the Army who are in the Indian
country. I suggest that it had better take ons
of those directions.
Mr. SUMNER. I was not entirely clear as
to the committee to which this reference should
be made. I at first indeed thought of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I then
thought of the Committee on Military Affairs;
