THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
interest of the country, he should be freed
from the harassing) character of his debts, so
that he may be enabled to enter into business by
which he can support his • family and benefit
the country. And it is not peculiar to indi-
vidual creditors. Governments have been
obliged to do the saine thing. The European
Governments, England included, have often'
been compelled by circumstances to pay to
their creditors less than the par amount of
their obligations; but nobody suggested that
they were justly chargeable with the offense
of repudiating their obligations provided the
allegations upon which they legislated were
true in point of fact.
The honorable member is also, as I think,
mistaken in the ground upon which he attempts
to draw a distinction between debts now con-
tracted and debts which may be contracted in
the future. He supposes that in relation to
the latter there is no impropriety in giving to
the debtor the benefit of a law of this descrip-
tion, because the creditor at the time the debt
is contracted is supposed to be aware, that there
is such a mode of relief furnished by the exist-
ing.law to his debtor. The argument is equally
forcible, if it be true—and I suppose the hon-
orable member will not deny that—that Con-
gress, under the power to pass a bankrupt law,
may pass a law applicable to existing debts.
No bankrupt law has ever been passed except
because of the large amount of existing debts
which were depressing the industry of the
country and ruining the debtor. When, there-
fore, a miui, whether in the absence or in the
existence of a bankrupt system, contracts a
debt, his creditor is supposed to know that
there is in the Congress of the United States a
power to dischargo his debtor upon his deliver-
ing up his assets; and if, therefore, it would
be proper to apply the principle which the hon-
orable member proposes to apply to debts con-
tracted after this law shall be passed, because
the creditor is supposed to know of the exist-
ence of the law when he becomes a creditor,
it is equally proper to apply it to existing debts
because he is supposed to know that under the
power to pass uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcy Congress may provide that exist-
ing debts may bo discharged by means of a
bankrupt law, as well as prospective debts.
And the honorable member (although it is
not involved in the particular amendment) is
also mistaken in supposing that a bankrupt
law can be applied only to mercantile debts
or' debts quasi mercantile. In the beginning
no one ever doubted the power of Parliament
to pass laws bringing within the operation of a
bankrupt law-all classes of debtors. The Par-
liament did only bring within the scope of those
laws a certain class of debtors; but for years,
particularly in modern times, they have gone
on from period to period to modify the laws
so as to bring within their operation almost all
the people of the kingdom who become debt-
ors and innocently unable to pay their debts.
Mr. MOIiRILL. Traders of a certain de-
scription.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; traders of almost
every description. They make everybody trad-
ers. They go on to define who are traders; but
the definition includes everybody. Nobody ever
doubted, as I submit to my honorable friend
from New Hampshire, that Parliament might
pass a law comprehending every class of debt-
ors, whether they called them. traders or not,
or whether in the general acceptation of the
term they were considered as traders; and the
power which Congress has is to be considered
with reference to the power which Parliament
has. the extent of that power does not de-
pend upon the aetual exercise of the power
by lingland at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution, but depends upon the character
of the power, what power had England over
bankruptcy, and the moment that we ascertain
what that power was, then when by general
terms, as general as the language affords, that
power was conferred upon Congress, we have
it.- We are therefore to compare the two pow-
er% and when upon that comparison we find
that on« was intended to be equally coetensive
with the other and find that the other might
be used so as to incorporate every kind of iii-
debtment, it follows that ours was intended to
apply to every class of debtors without refer-
ence to the character of the class.
Mr. FOGG. A single word more. I can-
not feel that the question of power is exactly
as the Senator from Maryland, supposes, that
this Congress has the same power as the Par-
liament of Great Britain. You know, sir, it
' is, an adage as old as the British constitution
itself that Parliament is almighty, is omnipo-
tent. Parliament may do what it will; but we
are a Government of limited powers, with a
. written Constitution. The powers of Congress
are limited by that written Constitution. The
honorable Senator well knows, although the
question has been adjudicated otherwise as I
acknowledge, that the best, the wisest, the
greatest men this nation has produced have
doubted the powgr of Congress, under a gen-
eral act establishing a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy, to make that system apply to debts
already existing. It has been contended by
the ablest of our jurists and the ablest of our
statesmen that Congress had no such power;
that the exercise of' that power would be the
exercise of an ex post facto power, and the
enactment of such a law would be the enact-
ment of an ex post facto law. I am aware, as
I have said, that our courts hav£ adjudicated
otherwise, and therefore I do not propose to
raise that question; _ but I do say that the fact
that the British Parliament may wipe out every
debt in the whole empire of Great Britain does
not prove that the American Congress may do
that.
But, sir, to return to tho question imme-
diately involved in my amendment, what does
it propose ? It proposes that in relation to all
debts contracted prior to the passage of this
act no discharge of the debtor shall be granted
except upon the written assent of three fourths
of his creditors. Is not that a reasonable prop-
osition? Is that a great concession to the moral
clement in this country that does not believe
in repudiating anything? I do not think that
I called this repudiation before; but I did say
that among the great masses of our honest
people, among our farmers all over tho land,
among our hard-working mechanics, it would
be regarded and it would be denounced as a
repudiating act. I do say so; I know it, sir.
I know that the very word "bankrupt" is an
odious word among the masses of our people,
of our honest men out of the commercial
circles everywhere.
Now, in relation to the hardship of this
matter, I have had some experience iu my
intercourse with men who have been unfortu-
nately in debt and who have been unfortu-
nately reduced to bankruptcy, and my expe-
rience has been that while there is here and
there among creditors a Shylock, who would
take not only the flesh, but the bones and the
blood of his debtors, yet Shylocks are not the
ordinary rule among creditors—far from it. I
do not recollect in all my experience a case
■where an honest, honorable merchant, or an
honest, honorable tradesman, who by misfor-
tune had been reduced into a position where
he was unable to pay his debts, has been op-
pressed by the persistent cruelty of a majority
or one half or one quarter of his creditors.
Occasionally, as I have said, there is a cred-
itor who is a Shylock, who would take every-
thing the debtor had and perhaps incarcerate
him in prison for life ; but no man has among
his creditors one fourth of the number who are
of that character. I repeat I have never
known a case where an honest upright debtor,
who had been reduced to penury by misfor-
tune and was unable to_ pay his debts, could
not get three fourths of his creditors, especially
when he surrendered all he had to them, to
grant him a free discharge.
I offer this amendment because I think it
will remove a great portion of the odium which
I am sure will attach to this bill everywhere
when you get.out of the commercial communi-
ties. Everywhere amongthe honest yeomanry
of the la,u'd, you will find that this bill will be
regarded as a bill repudiating honest debts,
enabling dishonest debtors to shake off their
responsibilities, and compelling honest credit-
ors to lose the earnings of their life time.
Mr. POLAND. My friend from New Hamp-
shire very frankly acknowledges that he is hos-
tile to -this bill, and that if his amendment
prevails he does' not expect to vote for it.
Mr. FOGG. No. The honorable Senator
mistakes me. I said that I did not expect the
amendment would be adopted so that I could
vote for the bill. I did not say that if my
amendment was adopted I should not vote for
the bill.
Mr. POLAND. I perhaps stated the Sena-
tor's language a little too strong; but"he cer-
tainly avows himself very strongly opposed to
the principle upon which this bill is founded.
Mr. Presidont, my experience here has been
short; but I have learned this: that the oppo-
nents of a measure are not the safest persons
to amend it; they are not its best friends; they
are not the ones to be relied on ordinarily to
make amendments that are really acceptable
and profitable to the measure itself. I do not
desire to go into the various topics that have
been suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I desire merely to say to the Sen-
ate that twice already it has voted down by a
vote nearly unanimous a proposititfh substan-
tially like that proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire, only in a less objectionable
form. Yesterday the Senate voted down a
proposition to make the discharge dependent
upoi\the debtor getting a majority of the credit-
ors. The proposition of the Senator from
New Hampshire is to require that he should
have three fourths. I can say in reply to this
proposition, as I said to the one that came up
yesterday, the principle of this bill is that a
man who is unable to pay his debts, who has
not sufficient property to pay his debts, may go
into bankruptcy, surrender all the property he
has, have that distributed among his creditors,
and get a discharge by law. The principle of
this amendment is to remit him to his credit-
ors. ^ If he is obliged to get the consent of his
creditors to obtain his discharge, he can get it
as well without a bankrupt law as with.
A word in relation to the bankrupt law of
1841. It is said that this bill will share the fate
pf that law. The'bankrupt law of 1841 un-
doubtedly was very loosely drawn. It did not
provide as strictly as it ought to have done
against fraud. There were undoubtedly some
eases where fraudulent bankrupts went through,
got their discharge, wljile still retaining prop-
erty. The bill now before the Senate has very
much stricter provisions on that subject. It
authorizes the creditors within two years after
a discharge is obtained, if they find the bank-
rupt has been guilty of any fraud, any conceal-
ment of property, to apply and get the dis-
charge itself set aside and their debts again
restored to full life.
I do not design now to go at all into the his-
tory of that act of 1841 or the reasons of its
unpopularity; but we all understand that the
bankrupt law of 1841 came up as one of a
series of political measures. It was passed
through Congress by the votes of one party
against those of the other party. I believe
there was in the House but a single instance
of a vote in favor of the bankrupt bill except
by members of the then dominant party. It
was passed with a series of other measures—
the national bank bill, the land distribution
bill, &c. The party that passed the bankrupt
bill very soon met with political reverses, and
the bankrupt bill shared the fate of the party
and of its associate measures. The cry that
was got up against that bankrupt bill was rather
a political cry than one that grew out of any
fault witli the working of the law itself ; and I
never had any doubt myself that if thatiaw had
continued jipon the statute-book for another
year until it could have been amended, until
some of its imperfections could have been pro-
vided against by subsequent legisilatim), ifc
