1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
this very moment, when our military posts on i
the western frontiers aro being captured and ,
general disorder exists under the present ad-
ministration of Indian affairs, we are called
upon not simply to perpetuate it, but to in-
crease the number of officers under the present
system. Now, Mr. President, it appears to
me we ought to wait until we have at least a
full Senate to consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not discuss its merits ,
on the question of taking it up.
Mr. CON NESS. Well, Mr. President, I
will say to the Senator behind me that I have
no disposition to discuss the merits of the case
more than to present the importance of the
issue that we have before us. I am very free
to say that this bill cannot pass, if I can hinder
it, until it is discussed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that; but do
not discuss it in the mean time.
Mr. POMEROY. I should not object to the
consideration of the bill indicated in the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin >n a full Senate
and at the proper time; but this evening it was
very generally understood that some miscel-
laneous matters could be attended to that do 1
not and cannot command the attention of the
Senate during the day. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have had an evening; the Com- ,
mittee on Pensions, the Committee on Patents,
and the Committee on the District of Columbia I
have also had evenings assigned to them; and j
the Committee on Public Lands have a few i
bills which have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives which they thought the Senate might
perhaps consider this evening and pass. I sub-
mit to the Senator from Wisconsin whether it
would not be at least fair to allow those bills
to arrest the attention of the Senate for a few
moments this evening. I do not suppose any
of them will require the least discussion ; but
they have passed the House, and there are
great interests at stake in their passing the Sen-
ate at the present session. This joint resolu-
tion in relation to Tennessee has to pass the
Senate, if it pass at all, with an amendment;
and that amendment will carry it back to the
House of Representatives, and it will fail en-
tirely unless it reaches the House at an earlier
day than it will be likely to reach it if it is put
off beyond this evening. I think that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin should at least leave such
a bill of the character I have named to pass
the body. I cannot conceive of a reason why
he should want to resist the passage of such a
bill and others of the same character, that
cannot occupy the attention of the Senate more
than a few moments; and by that time the
Senate might be fuller than it now is, and we
could proceed to the consideration of the bill
in which he feels an interest, and which he
knows very well I intend to support. With
this view of the matter, I thought he would at
least allow the Senate to be occupied by these
bills for a few minutes. Then I did not under-
stand how the Senator from Wisconsin had par-
ticularly the management of that bill, which
was reported by the chairman of the Indian
Committee; and I cannot understand why he
particularly should call it up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill was reported
first by a special committee appointed by the
two Houses of Congress, of which I had the
honor of being chairman. It was submitted
also to the Committee on Indian Affairs at a j
time when, to a certain extent, the responsi- j
bility of that committee was thrown upou~me. j
It passed at the last session of the Senate ; it!
went to the House of Representatives; it has
come back here with an amendment; and as j
between the honorable chairman of the Com- J
mittee on Indian Affairs at the present time j
and myself there has been an understanding
in relation to this bill that I should try to get
it before the Senate, I certainly have had no
intention to take any responsibility which does
not belong to me in relation to this bill. I
suppose that I have some responsibility in con-
nection with it, being still upon the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and having had charge of the
bill heretofore.
Now, sir, in the course of the day, during !
the afternoon and morning, several speeches
have been made by gentlemen in opposition to
the bill as it passed the Senate, and not one
word has been said by one of its friends. I
shall not go into its discussion now. I only
say to gentlemen that I agree entirely with the
Senator from California that it is a very im-
portant bill. It contains within itself the ele-
ments of saving more millions and tens of
millions of dollars to this Government than
any bill that has ever been devised in relation
to Indian affairs. It is a bill which has no
connection whatever with politics. For once
politics can be eschewed and we can discuss
the thing upon its merits and with a view to
economy to the Government and humanity
toward the Indian tribes and toward ourselves.
I shall not go into the merits of it. I say it is
important. If the Senate are willing to take
up this question, as the honorable Senator from
California suggests, in the day time to-morrow,
I am perfectly willing to agree to that. I have
no disposition to press the bill against other
business; but, sir, you know very well how it
was on yesterday. I took it np and it was
pressed aside by this reconstruction bill which
came from the House. The whole of yester-
day and last night was occupied. This bill was
called up to-day, and upon a motion to go into
executive session it was put aside. It was the
unfinished business; and if it has lost its place
to-night as unfinished business, it was not be-
cause I intended it should lose its place, but
because I said, in courtesy to other gentlemen
around me who desired to take up bills, that I
was willing it should stand aside informally
to accommodate them if they would not in-
volve us in any discussion. The Chair sup-
posed from this course of proceeding that this
bill had lost its place as unfinished business ;
and this is the position in which I now stand.
I am not to be charged as not trying to call
this up in a full Senate. I wish every Senator
were here. I have some facts to present to
Senators, and I should be glad to have the ear
of every Senator, the Senator from California
as well as every other. The facts which I wish
to present to him, which have no connection
with any possible political question, for this
bill seeks to get rid of politics in the adminis-
tration of our Indian affairs and to organize a
system which shall be tempered with human-
ity, with firmness, with justice, and at the
same time have some regard for that race with
which we are dealing 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator excuse
me if I inquire why these frequent allusions to
political matters? Does he mean to intimate
that I am influenced by political considerations
in this connection?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Not at all, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say this: I say to the
honorable Senator, almost all important legis-
lation which comes up here, more or less, ha3
some political question or bearing which has
disturbed the Senate for a long time. This
measure, as I humbly trust, as I believe, as I
hope, has nothing of the sort in it, and we can
discuss it on its merits whenever we get to it,
and pass upon its merits. That is precisely
the situation. I am perfectly indifferent; it is
just as the Senate chooses, to have it to-night
or to-morrow. For myself I would rather
every Senator would be in his seat when the
facts are to be presented.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would correct an error he made in his sugges-
tion to the Senator from Wisconsin. The Chair
decided that thi3 bill was not unfinished busi-
ness. The Chair understood it to be the un-
finished business ; but he saw that there was
difference of opinion among Senators on the
subject, and he preferred therefore to submit
the question on motion to the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin is taking an unfair advantage in
endeavoring to bring this bill up at this time.
If my recollection serves me, he distinctly
gave notice to-day, when a vote was taken on
going into executive session, which was con-
sidered a test vote on this subject, that he
would move to take this bill up at one o'clock
to-morrow. I will say further that there are
Senators who desire to discuss this bill who
are not now present, and that it would bo in-
justice to them to take it up in their absence—
gentlemen who are very much opposed to it,
who believe it will be a great disaster instead
of a benefit, as the Senator contends. For my
own part, I am free to say that I think the
whole system of Indian affairs, as it has been
managed under the Interior Department, has
been the cause of more slaughter, has been
the cause of more expenditure to the Govern-
ment, three times over, than would have been
the case had it been under the authority of the
Secretary of War. All the wars nearly and
all the encroachments that we have had, and
all the murders we have had on the border,
have been owing to the policy which has been
pursued since this bureau has been under the
Interior Department. That is my deliberate
conviction, founded upon a more intimate
knowledge, perhaps, of these Indian relations
than is possessed by many other Senators here
present.
In the remarks that have been made refer-
ence has been made to the action of the Mili-
tary Committee, of which I am a member. I
do not think there is any authority for quoting
here the action of that committee as favoring
this bill at all. When the question came up
in committee it was simply a question whether
we should act on the bill referred to us by the
Senator from Massachusetts ; and it was stated
in explanation that a provision transferring
the Indian Bureau to the War Department
was attached by the House of Representa-
tives to this bill, and therefore there was no
longer any necessity for acting upon that meas-
ure then before us. And it was so reported,
and its indefinite postponement moved for that
reason, and that without any special discus-
sion before the committee, and when the com-
mittee was not full. I say, therefore, there is
no authority for claiming that it was a full
expression of the Military Committee on this
subject. When the question comes up prop-
erly for discussion 1 may have something
further to say about the bill; but I think at
the present time to take it up would be doing
injustice to those who desire to be heard on
the question.
Mr. WADE. I consider this one of the
most important questions we have had before
us for a long time. I do not think at this
period we are quite well enough informed to
decide it as we should. There is another ses-
sion close by when we shall not be limited by
time, when we can take it up and debate
and settle it intelligently. Now, in order to
endeavor to get rid of this debate, which I
perceive will prevent the transaction of all
other business this evening, I move to lay on
the table this motion to take up the bill; and
that will be a test question whether we are
willing to go on with it or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to reply to some
statements made by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Brows] in relation to the facts which
transpired this afternoon. Will the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his motion for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it if there is any-
thing personal to be said ; but I shall renew it
again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mis-
souri I think confounded something that may
have been said by the Senator from Illinois,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Trumbull,] with what
I said. It is true that when the motion was
made to go into executive session, the Senator
from Illinois said that that would be a test
question upon the bill; but the Senate will
remember that I rose immediately and protested
that I should not regard it as a test question ;
