1867.
IBB CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
241
but T finally selected the Committee on the
Judiciary on this ground: the eonstituti nal
amendment proceeded from that committee,
and such legislation as we have since had by
virtue ot' that amendment has proceeded from
that committee ; $nd it Seemed to me, there-
foro, that perhaps that wag the proper com-
mittee to consider whether the constitutional
amendment had full application to this case,
and whether any further legislation was neces-
sary in order to carry it. practically into this
Territory.
That was the consideration that governed me
wheji I selected the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I still think that logically and according
to the course of business in the Senate it prop-
erly belongs to that committee; but if the Sena-
tor from Illinois is not disposed to consider it,
if he objects to having it referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee, I am perfectly willing that it
should go to either of the other committees.
My. special object is to bring it before the Sen-
ate, and I have occupied the time that I have to-
day very reluctantly ; but still from a sense of
duty, feeling that it was important that these
documents and facts which I have laid before
you should be presented. Having presented
them, I thought that the committee would have
before it the materials on which to begin its in-
quiry, and that theinquiry would be to a certain
extent of a judicial character. It would be
whether under the Constitution and existing
laws of the United States this abuse was pro-
hibited and whether any further legislation was
needed in aid of that which we already had. If
the committee on inquiry should consider that
the abuse under the Constitution and existing
laws is prohibited, such a report would then
throw aresponsibility upon the executive branch
of the Government. However, if the Senator
perseveres in his desire that the reference be
changed I shall consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
understand me as objecting to the inquiry at
all; but I desire to ask him whether he has
any doubt that the law sufficiently provides
against this abuse. On his own statement of
the case, a subordinate officer disobeys a proc-
lamation of the President and orders of the
War Department. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts mean to imply a doubt as to
whether that subordinate officer has a right, to
do that by sending it to the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into it? Is there any
doubt about it?
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it seems to me that
we ought not to let that officer suppose there is
any doubt about it by referring the matter to
a committee to inquire whether any legislation
is necessary. If there is no doubt about it let
the Committee on Military Affairs inquire why
this officer does not obey the orders of his su-
perior and the laws of the land as they exist. It
seems to me that is the proper direction for it.
I make no objection to the inquiry; the Sen-
ator must not understand me as objecting; but
it does seem to me that it implies a question
whether he is not justified in the course he has
pursued. I do not understand that a subordi-
nate officer in New Mexico is justified under
any circumstances in disobeying a proclama-
tion of the President and orders of the War
Department. I understand the case to be,
according to the Senator's statement, that an
officer in New Mexico has done so.
I merely make the suggestion to the Senator
from Massachusetts that the proper committee
to make any inquiry in the case would be the
Military Committee, for it seems that it is a
case of disobedience of orders. The Senator
himself has no donbt that the law already suffi-
ciently provides, if it be enforced, for the case.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of the last day's session which is Senate bill
No. 456.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope wo shall have a vote
upon this resolution. I will let it go to the
Committee on Military Affairs. [" Agreed."]
39xn Cong. 2d Suss.—No. 16
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs by common consent, no objec-
tion being interposed.
admission op nebraska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of the last day's session is
Senate bill No. 456, for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union, which is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being on the motion of
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] to
postpone its further consideration until Mon-
day, the 7th of January, and make it the special
order for that day at one o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care about
insisting on that motion. If it is the pleasure
of the Senator from Ohio to go on with the
consideration of the bill I have no objection
to its consideration. I merely suggested that
day as being a day after the adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let it go over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senate
is so thin that the Senator from Ohio would
scarcely desire to-go on to-day.
Mr. WADE. The Senate is very thin to-day,
and I do not know that it would be right to
press the bill in a thin Senate ; but I shall insist
whenever it is taken up again that both it and
the Colorado bill be disposed of, if I am able
to do it. I ghall have no objection to its going
over to "Monday with that understanding. I
will not resist the motion to postpone until
Monday, the 7th, and make it the special order
for that day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the motion as it now stands.
The motion was agreed to.
selection of jukors in utah.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 404, for the purpose of having an
amendmentoffered by the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 404) to regulate the
selection of grand and petit jurors in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer an amendment to
the bill which has just been taken up, and I
desire that it may be printed. The amendment
consists of several additional sections. This
is an amendment to be offered when the bill
is taken up fsr consideration. I desire to
have it printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I did not have the bill taken
up with a desire to go on with it now, but
simply that the amendment might be printed
so that we may all see it. I shall ask, however,
that it be taken up at an early day and pressed
to a final decision whenever the Senate will
agree to do so. I move now that the bill lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
tenure of office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I -wish to give notice that
I shall to-morrow morning ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
453, to regulate the tenure of office. 1 think it
quite important that the bill should be consid-
ered, and I hope Senators will be ready to
begin to-morrow its consideration.
land office report for distribution.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a resolution on the
table offered on the last day of the sitting of
the Senate providing for printing an extra num-
ber of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. I hope it will be taken
up now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
reported by Mr. Stewart on the 20th of De-
cember, 1866, from the Committee n Public
Lands:
Resolved, That there he printed of tho report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,with the
accompanying large connected map, live thousand
copies in the German language, fire thousand copies
in the French language, five thousand copies in the
Swedish language, and five thousand copies in the
English language, for distribution in foreign coun-
tries; and five thousand copies for the use of the
Senate: and the Secretary of State is requested to
cause the distribution of the aforesaid twenty thou-
sand copies through the commissioner of the Paris
Exposition, or such other persons as in his discretion
he may deem proper.
Mr. SUMNER. Since that resolution was
before the Senate my attention has been par-
ticularly called to its character by a gentleman
who is very much interested in it, who is him-
self a foreigner by birth and very &miliar with
the ways in which foreign population should be
approached. He thought that the publication
of all the Land Report, with which he was very
familiar—he had read it and thought it a very
fine report—but he thought that its publication
and translation into foreign languages would be
entirely unnecessary; indeed, that it would be
useless, that there was but one part of it that
would be of any essential service in promoting
emigration ; that was the part relating specially
to the homestead law and the sale of public
lands; that all the rest would be. regarded as
irrelevant and out of place, and that it would be
a useless expense. He thought that our pur-
pose would be better accomplished if we should
provide for the publication of only the part to
which I have referred. That would of course
be less expensive, and it would be more sure of
being read and of attracting attention. I unite
with my friend from Minnesota in a desire to
put before the people of foreign countries the
knowledge to which he refers; but I wish that
it should be done in the way the most econom-
ical and the most practical, and ha knows as
well as I that very important facts and informa-
tion may be lost as it were in an immense mass
of published matter, which people will not read.
If you wish to produce an effect and to reach
people, make your reports short, direct, prac-
tical, and print only that which bears directly
on the points which you have in hand.
I throw out these remarks now for the con-
sideration of my friend from Minnesota. I do
not wish to interfere with the resolution at all.
I am in favor of its adoption in such form as
after consideration shall be deemed best; but
I do submit to him that the resolution in the
present form will carry us into a needless
expense, and will not in the end accomplish so
much good as the publication of a small part of
the report.
Mr, STEWART. I have taken some pains
to ascertain the cost of the publication pro-
posed by this resolution, and have before me
the letter of the Superintendent of Public
Printing on that point. The estimate which
he taakes of the cost is $27,297 25 for the
publication of twenty-five thousand copies, as
provided in the resolution. I have read this
report of the Land Office, I will say, with great
interest, and it is a matter of pride to the
American people that there should be there
collected together so much valuable informa-
tion with regard to our agricultural and min-
eral resources, and the facilities for settlement
which our country presents to those who wish
to come among us. I have no doubt this pub-
lication will bring back many times its expense
in inducing that kind of immigration which we
need for the development of our country, and
I doubt very much whether any condensation
of it can be made which will present it in a
more readable form. I think the whole report
is exceedingly interesting ; it is clear in state-
ment and easily understood, and the informa-
tion which it is desirable to circulate can be
found not only in detail, but in condensed form
in the report, and I believe it is in as good
form for publication as we can possibly get it.
I regard it as a matter of great importance
that this publication should be made. The
Committee on Public Lands were unanimously
of the opinion that the whole report ought to
be published. <uid I hope the resolution will
pass.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Minnesota, who has this resolu-
tion in charge, in what lauguage the five thou-
