1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
but that if we went into executive session this
matter would come up to- morrow at one o' clock.
Ihis I said; but at that time the Senate had
not determined to have an evening session. It
was before we determined to take a recess,
and when we went into executive session, in
view of the large amount of business on the
executive Calendar, it was supposed that busi-
ness would take up the whole day, and that
instead of meeting this evening we should
adjourn till to morrow, and in that view I said
that I would call up the bill to-morrow as the
unfinished business.
Now, Mr. President, a word in relation to
what the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] has
just said about our not having time to consider
this bill. This bill was reported a year and a
half ago; it was fully and elaborately discussed
in the Senate, and on due deliberation it was
passed and sent to the other House. The
House of Ilepresentatives have returned it with
an amendment, and we are just as well prepared
to act upon it now as we ever shall be. I
deem it of exceeding importance that the bill
of the Senate should become a law. As I said
before, I do not wish to take it up when there
is a thin Senate; I am willing to go on with it
to-night or to-morrow; but 1 think it is fairly
and properly the unfinished business. If we
had not had an evening session it would come
up as the unfinished business to-morrow, and
I think it is now the proper unfinished business
of the Senate. We could have proceeded far
in its discussion but for this continued debate
as to what we shall do.
Mr. WADE. I renew my motion, in order
to test the sense of the Senate whether they
will go on with this or some other bill. I move
tp lay on the table the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Conness,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Ross,
Sherman, Sumner, Wade. Williams, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davi3, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Sprague, and Van Winkle—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Or agin, Cros-
well, Dixon, Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,
Johnson, Lane, McDougall, Norton, Nye, Poland,
Riddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, Willey, and
Yates—21.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senate
will take up the bill and dispose of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Foyjt, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Morijan, Morrill, Nesmith, Patterson, Poineroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sprague, and Van Winkle—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Chandler, Con-
ncss, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Sherman, Sumner,
Wade, Williams, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
well, Dixon, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Guthrie, Johnson, Lane, McDongalI, Norton,
Nye, Poland, Riddle,Saulsbury,'Stewart, Trumbull,
Willey, and Yates—22.
So the motion wasagreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 204) to provide for an annual inspec:
tion into Indian affairs, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HENDERSON. Without taking up
the tunc of the Senate, I will statej as I have
previously stated, that lust summer when' this
bill was first presented 1 felt very favorable to
the transfer of the"Indian Bureau to the War
Department. I thought then it would be the
better policy; but when I was called upon to
examine the question this winter, in the face
of the facts existing inthe Territories, I came
to the conclusion, as did allthe other members
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, that it
would be impoliticjust.now to make the change,
whatever might be desirable in the future.
I hold in my hand the earnest protest of
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 10G.
I eight of the nine delegates representing the
[ Territories of the United States in the other
House against this transfer. They earnestly
; protest against it, believing that it would be
prejudicial to the interests of the people there
in the face of the present threatened difficulties
with the Indians. I will state also for the
information of the Senate that we have the
protest I believe of almost every chief, if not
of every chief, of the Indians now represented
here in the city. There are a great many Indian
! chiefs here, and I believe they all, without an
! excteption, signed a protest and sent it to the
\ committee against the proposed change.
! Whatever may be the best policy in the future,
they believe at present that it is a declaration of
war against them. They seem so to regard it;
and in the light of surrounding circumstances
the committee thought it advisable at present
not to insist upon the change.
; Now, Mr. President, some Senators say that
if we non-concur in the House amendment it
is a declaration that the Senate is in all time
opposed to the transfer of the Indian Bureau to
the War Department. I do not so regard it.
I, as one member of the committee, will not
look upon it as a declaration of the Senate that
under ordinary circumstances they would be
opposed to the change. I shall simply look
upon it as a declaration that now, in the present !
condition of the country, it is una'dvisable to I
make the change. I have no very strong feeling |
about the matter in any way. I do not desire '
at this period of the session to take up the time j
of the Senate. I hope that the proposed action |
will be had, that we shall non-concur with the
House amendment, and let the bill go back to '
the House, and then they can take further |
action. I ask the Chair if it is in order to
submit a motion that the Senate non-concur in
the House amendment. I suppose that really |
makes no difference, however, whether the
vote is taken on a motion in that form or on
the vote of concurrence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques- ■
tion will be put affirmatively, Will the Senate
concur ? A vote in the negative will be in fact !
a vote to non-concur.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope we shall take
the vote without further discussion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I regret that the Senator
in charge of this bill feels bound to force it to
a passage this evening, or to insist upon a final
vote at this time, because there are several
Senators absent who feel a deep interest in the
question involved, and who I am confident did
not expect that it would come up this evening.
It seems to me that when it is proposed to con-
sider legislation of this importance in the even-
ing, notice ought to be given beforehand, so
that Senators will understand what the busi-
ness will be. As we very well know the even-
ings are ordinarily set apart for the transac-
tion of business from committees that is not
considered of any great importance; but there
seems to be a disposition to hurry this bill
through the Senate, and we are urged to pass
it without any discussion, although everybody
admits that it is one of the most important
measures that has been before Congress this
session.
It is represented here, as one reason why
this amendment from the House should be
rejected by the Senate, that the Indians sup-
pose it is a declaration of war against them.
Now, sir, if the Indians are so stupid, if they
know so little about this measure as to believe
that it is a declaration of war against them,
then they can be induced to sign any paper to
be presented here to the Senate without know-
ing what its contents are; and how this paper
was procured from these Indians, what repre-
sentations were made to them, what induce-
ments were held out to them to sigu it, I am
not advised, but certainly it is no very great
evidence that their statements or understand-
ing should have influence with the Senate when
they have been induced to suppose that the
transfer of the Indian Burean to the War De-
partment is a declaration of war against them,
when it amounts simply to the restoration of
the Bureau to the Department of the Govern-
ment to which it formerly belonged.
Reference has also been made to what iho
Delegates from the Territories say. Well, sir,
they may know more about Indian affairs than
other people do; but I am not willing to admit
it, and it is a fact not to be disguised that more
or less influence is brought to bear upon this
question , in connection with the Indian agencies
and Indian superintendences and the number-
less offices which the present system provides
for persons, to say nothing of the stealings of
the system which now disgrace the service of
, the country. I am fully persuaded, although I
; suppose it is perfectly useless at this time to
discuss the question, that the interests of the
J country require the change which this amend-
| ment from the House of Representatives pro-
poses i and I am unalterably opposed to the
passage of the bill which was reported by the
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, and in
lieu of which the House have proposed this
amendment.
It is said that great abuses have sprung up
in the administration of Indian affairs ; that
| the officers connected with the system are cor-
rupt; and the remedy proposed by the original
bill is simply a multiplication of the officers con-
nected with that branch of the administration
of the Government. Here are the sub-Indian
agents ; here are the Indian agents ; here are
the superintendents of Indian affairs, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and, as the
final head, the Secretary of the Interior. Be-
i sides all these officers, commissioners are fre-
quently appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior to examine into the affairs of the In-
dians in different portions of the country, and
committees are appointed by Congress to inves-
tigate Indian affairs, and hundreds of men are
now employed in the examination into and man-
agement of Indian affairs. This bill proposes,
as a remedy for all the evils of the system, and
in order to prevent future corruption, to create
ten or twelve new offices, .at salaries of $4,000
a year apiece, and thus add to the expenses of
the present system, and present a greater temp-
tation to corruption.
The bill proposes to divide the vast Indian
territory of this country into five districts, and
three persons are to constitute a board to
inspect Indian affairs in each district; and it
is provided that they shall visit the different
superintendences and the different Indian
tribes and make an examination into the
management and conduct of the different offi-
cers connected with the Indian Department.
We all know how such things are managed.
These men will go about the country; they
will see the superintendents; they will talk with
the Indian agents; they will perform some
little service in that way ; but the effect will be
nothing so far as the Indians are concerned.
The difficulties which we have with the Indians
are unavoidable, and grow out of the nature
of things. You may appoint as many Indian
agents, superintendents, and inspectors as you
please; but just as long as the white people of
this country and the Indians are brought in
contact, just so long there will be difficulties
between them. They are unavoidable, and
there is no remedy for them, because the
Indians can see that the advance of the whites
into their territory is their destruction. They
are wasting away before the advancement of
civilization and the white race. They are
conscious of that fact, and they are struggling
in their way to save themselves from destruc-
tion, and there is a state of war between them
and the whites, and there always will be. It
may not always amount to open hostilities;
but there is and always will be between the
white people and the Indians of this nation a
state of war ; and the only way that peace can
be preserved, the only way that the Indians
can be prevented from committing depreda-
tions upon the whites, the only way that the
Indians can be protected from the encroach-
ments of vicious white men, is by ft military
organization. The inspectors that this bill
proposes will have no more power to prevent
