242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sand copies that are to be published for the use
of the Senate are to be printed.
Mr. _ RAMSEY. The language usually
recognized by the Senate—the English lan-
guage, the language of the Government. The
provision is for printing five thousand copies
in German, five thousand eopies in French,
and five thousand in one of the Scandinavian
languages, and then five thousand eopies for
the use of the Senate. But the honorable
Senator from Iowa is mistaken; I have not
charge of the resolution. It was offered by
the Seiiator from Nevada. I have a great
desire to see this publication made. I think
it will be of great use in inducing immigration
to our Territories in the West. The whole
book is of immense/mportance, and I think it
should not be mutilated and scraps published.
I say this in reply to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. Every part of this report
is, I think, of direct interest to the people in
Europe who propose emigrating to this coun-
try.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that the people
whom I have the honor in part to represent
are as much interested in foreign immigration
as the people of any other State, and I imagine
that I have been about as familiar for the last
twenty-five or thirty years with that subject as
almost anybody here ; and I agree folly with
the friend of the Senator from Massachusetts,
whoever he maybe, that the scheme suggested
by him, in order to reach the people who are
likely to be emigrants, is the only feasible one
that has been proposed. Why, sir, if this
book be published in the Scandinavian, Ger-
man, and French languages, how many people
do you suppose it is going to reach who have
any idea of ever emigrating to this country?
If you want to secure emigration by it, if that
is the purpose to be accomplished, you must
have a compilation that can be put into the
hands of the man who desires to emigrate—
not a great book; a statistical volume.
Then I doubt exceedingly whether you have
devised here the proper method of distribution.
It is proposed that these books, when they
shall be printed, with the accompanying maps,
shall be sent to this great glorification institu-
tion at Paris, and thence be distributed, with-
out any specific method devised as to the man-
ner in which the distribution shall be made.
If you had a little compilation of the volume
which you could send to your consuls at Bre-
men, Basle, and other shipping points and
interior points whence the emigration comes,
for those consuls to put into the hands of those
persons who are likely to be emigrants, and if
you placed with them money for the purpose
of providing for the publication of information
in the local newspaper, you would accomplish
some good; but you will never accomplish
anything by sending out five thousand copies
in these different languages to somebody at the
Paris Exposition, to be distributed among the
sight-seers who may go to the Paris Exposition
next summer.
Mr. STEWART. The resolution contem-
plates other modes of distribution besides that.
It is left with the Secretary of State to distribute
it otherwise. The reading of the resolution, I
think, will relieve the Senator of that difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not leave the whole
subject to-the Secretary of State? Why not
allow him, through the gentlemen in his De-
partment, who it is supposed are to make the
translation of this book, to publish just such
parts of it as he believes will be of advantage
to the Government? Why do we choose to
burden the Government with the expense of
publishing this large volume for distribution in
Europe? It seems to me we oufjht to be satis-
fied that it is not going to be of any benefit in
the hands of the emigrant It may be of some
advantage to be placed in some local libraries
in Europe, but not for the purpose of securing
that which we profess that we desire to secure
by the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, in circu-
lating-intelligence among any people,the modes
nod channels through which it is to pass are
January 3,
essentially local in their character and can
never be fully understood or known by other
peoples. Our duty in this ease, as it appears
to me, if we propose to send out information
of the character proposed in this resolution, is
to send out the information through the best
instrumentalities that are at our disposal for
giving it circulation in'the countries to which
we desire to send it, and then depend upon
those local modes for its distribution. It is in
vain that we can expect to put the facts most
interesting, no matter what shape we give it,
into the hands of each person who desires to
emigrate to the United States from any foreign
country. We cannot expect that. It is pro-
posed now in this case that we limit the publi-
cation to certain parts of this report; and it
was stated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
who informs me that he has not read the re-
port, that he was told there was but a certain
small portion of it which was useful for the
purposes in view. I differ very much with the
source of the Senator's information. I have
read and examined this report, and it is, as I
think, one of those complete presentations of
the whole subject from which you can take no
part without doing it injury. The expense will
be as nothing compared to the benefits that
must necessarily resnlt. I do not believe that
we can make any investment of public money
so profitable as the one proposed. I hope the
publication will be authorized.
The resolution was adopted.
milwaukee and rock river canal.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint reso
lution No. 102, construing and giving effect to
the joint resolution entitled "A resolution for
the relief of the State of Wisconsin,J' approved
July 1, 1864.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Trumbull to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate passed the joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When this matter was
up the other day I commenced to make a state-
ment about it. I have called at the Clerk's
desk this morning for the papers. In .order to
arrive at an understanding of the matter it is
necessary to state the facts, but the papers do not
seem to be with the resolution. It is a matter
about which there was a difference of opinion
in the Committee on the Judiciary; and in my
judgment the claim is not one which the United
States ought to pay at all. It is a question
whether $25,000 shall be paid out of the Treas-
ury ot the United States to a company formed
in Wisconsin to construct a canal. The Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johxsox] will prob-
ably recollect it. V> e had it before'our com-
mittee. I think he was in favor of paying it;
I am not so sure as to that. There" was a
difference of opinion iu the committee, and a
majority were in favor of paying it; but in order
to make a statement of the case, as it occurred
some time ago, it is necessary that we should
have the papers, and I suggest to my friend
from Wisconsin to lay it aside until the" papers
can be found.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask if the
resolution did not pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes: it passed without
any discussion in the Senate. 1 was not pres-
ent when it passed. There being a difference
of opinion in the committee. I thought it due
to the Senate that the facts should be stated on
the question of reconsideration. When that
is done, I shall be satisfied if the Senate vote
for the payment of the money. In the mean-
time, however, as the papers are not here and
I cannot state as clearly as I would like to do
the facts in regard to it without the papers, I
suggest that it be laid aside until the Clerk finds
them. He will probably get them in a few
minutes.^ Inthe meantime, if my friend from ,
Wisconsin will consent, I will move that we |
proceed with the consideration of House biil !
No. 828, to repeal the thirteenth section of the j
confiscation act. !
Mr. HOWE. This motion rather crowds me,
I do not wish to urge the Senator from Illinois
j forward in the consideration of this particular
resolution unless he can put his hands upon
the papers which he- needs to comment npoa
the resolution: but this resolution passed at
the last session of this Congress, and my friend
from Illinois interposed a motion to reconsider
the vote by which it passed. It was one of the
last days of the session, and I was not enabled
to get a vote upon that motion to reconsider
during the session. It has gone overuntil this
time, and it is now the second of the three
months of the session. I think the Senator,
instead of moving to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution, if he wants these
papers, ought to consent to let it lay aside in-
formally until he ascertains whether he can
find the papers and not take up another ma£
ter that will lead to debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to delay
action on this joint resolution. It had entirely
escaped my recollection, until it was called up
the other day, that it stood on my motion to
reconsider it. I have no earthly interest in it
and will not delay it one moment These
papers that I speak of are not papers in my
possession. The Senator from Wisconsin will
want them quite as much as I do, or the Sen-
ate will.* The Senate certainly will not vote
$25,000 out of the Treasury of the United
States without knowing what it is about, and
the resolution itself does not show anything at
all about it. We want the papers. Senators
certainly will not just simply vote because
somebody brings in a resolution to pay $2o,000.
The Senator from Wisconsin will not ask it.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be laid aside informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are papers that
are on the files of the Senate and that ought to
be here when we consider the resolution. I
will say to the Senator from Wisconsin that I
will not delay the matter. I have no such
intention. I regret that it should have gone
over the former session. It was probably in-
advertently that it went over; I do not know;
the Senator from Wisconsin may have had it
upon his mind, but I had not. The only reason
why I made the motion to reconsider was that
the resolution had passed without consideration
in the Senate and had passed when I was not
present, and the views of the minority of the
committee who disagreed to reporting in its
favor were not presented to the Senate. I am
willing that it should be laid aside in anyway;
I do not wish to delay it at all.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I consent to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is sug-
gested that the joint resolution before the
Senate be laid aside informally. It requires
common consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to that course, and the resolution is laid
aside informally. The question now is on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 828.
The motion was agreed to, and the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 828) to repeal sec-
tion thirteen of " An act to suppress insurrec-
tion. to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes." approved" July 17, 1862, was
resumed by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Saclsbury, to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the aet entitled " An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to pnnisb treason and rebellion, to sciao and
eontiseate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17,1862, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I recollect correctly,
that amendment was proposed by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. SAn.SBur.if.] He is not
in his seat now. He was a few mi tnites since.
I think he intended to discus the amendment
briefly. The Senator from Illinois may know
the fact. I submit to him whether he desires
to press the bill now. The Senator from
Delaware was complaining of not having been
well duritig the recess, and perhaps he has gona
out on that account; I do not know.
