1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
ments of the Government? No, sir. They will
go up to Idaho; they will display their power
in that Territory, no doubt; but as to their
producing any effect upon the Indians it is
perfectly absurd, in my judgment, to suppose
any such thing. The only thing in the Terri-
tory of Idaho or elsewhere in that district that
can influence these savage Indians, these wild
roving untamed tribes—and those are the In-
dians to be dreaded, those are the Indians to
be managed at this time—the only thing that
can produce peace there is the exercise of the
military power, that very power which the
military of the country is now exercising with
considerable efficiency upon that portion of
the Pacific coast.
I insist, therefore, Mr. President, that this
bill ought not to pass; and if the Senate will
consent to put it off till next session I shall be
content; but if not, I shall do what I can to
substitute the amendment of the House of
Representatives for the bill which was passed
by the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Oregon a question, as he has had a good
deal of practical experience on this subject.
Will these boards that are to be sent out re-
quire the aid of the military to escort them in
the Territory?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no doubt that if
they visit the Indian tribes, unless they go to
those tribes that are perfectly quiet and con-
tent at this time, or such as may be collected
on the reservations, they will require a mil-
itary escort in order to protect them while
traveling through their respective districts,
because it is now unsafe for other people to
go through those districts in many places, and
there is no reason to suppose that these offi-
cials would be more safe than others unless
they were protected by military power.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, I am glad
that my colleague has taken occasion to en-
lighten the Senate on the subject of Indian
affairs. And inasmuch as he told us to-day
that he had lived in the Indian country ever
since he was a boy, I am sorry to doubt the
accuracy of his facts in relation to the reserva-
tions on the Pacific coast. When he stated
that military forces were being kept at all those
reservations I undertook to correct him by say-
ing that out of the four reservations in Oregon,
and the eight in Washington Territory, and
the ten in Kansas, there were but two reserva-
tions of the whole twenty-two where there was
a single soldier. Not only are the military
removed from these reservations, but there are
none kept in the neighborhood. They are not
visited by officers of the United States Army.
I do not know that even my colleague ever
went so far as to visit one of them. I have
visited them all within less than two years.
He insisted that there were military posts at
each of those reservations ; and when I under-
took to correct him, those twenty-two military
posts fizzled down to a telegraphic dispatch that
he had got from the superintendent of Indian
affairs requesting him to intercede with the
authorities here to have troops placed upon the
reservations. It is true that in some portions
of the States and Territories on the Pacific
there are disturbances among the Indian tribes,
which occasionally make it necessary to have
a few troops in the vicinity of the reservations
in order to enforce the police regulations that
are instituted by the agents; but, so far as my
observation goes, those Indian reservations are
all under the charge of practical men, men of
experience, who have resided long in that coun-
try on the frontier, and who are familiar with
Indian character and management. The change
proposed, and which my colleague advocates,
is to remove these practical men and to sub-
stitute for them military men. I put the ques-
tion to him directly, conversant as he is with
the men upon the frontier who are managing
Indian affairs, whethes he believes that some
lieutenant, who perhaps two years ago was a
saloon-keeper or a clerk in a dry goods store
in some great eastern city, is better adapted and
better qualified for the administration of these
great agencies and these great reservations than >
the practical men who he knows are now upon |
the spot? I ask him whether a change of that j
kind in the superintendency of our own State '
would be beneficial either for the Government 1
or for the Indians?
It is not the policy of (ho Government to
hold the Indians under military surveillance
where the necessity for the presence of the
military does not actually exist. It does not
exist in the great reservations on the Pacific,
where attempts are now being made, how-
ever badly they may result, for the purpose
of ameliorating the condition of the Indian
tribes. The object which the Government
has had in view, and the object which has
been had in view by all men who have under-
taken a just and correct administration of
Indian affairs there by civilians, has been to
ameliorate the condition of the Indians, to
instruct them in agriculture, and to induce
them to become self-sustaining by their own
labor. That is the great desideratum at which
the Government has attempted to arrive. I
do not think the system would be bettered by
the substitution of Army officers for the prac-
tical farmers and men of experience on the
frontier who now manage Indian affairs.
In relation to the bill which is now pending,
I may be permitted to ^y, perhaps, that it is a
bill which has received very extensive consid-
eration. It has received the consideration of
two committees of this body, and of a joint
committee of the House of Representatives
and the Senate. Nearly a year was spent in
the examination and investigation of the dif-
ferent Indian tribes by three members of this
body and four members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. They visited most of the great
Indian tribes in the United States, and after a
full, fair, and careful examination of the con-
dition of affairs, not only the condition of the
Indians, but their relation to the Government
and the disbursement of money by the officers
of the Indian Bureau, and the connection of
the Indians with the Government through the
agencies, that committee unanimously came to
the conclusion that it was necessary to remedy
the evil by the passage of a bill such as the
Senate passed at its last session, and that has
now come back from the House with this
amendment.
In addition to that, at this session both the
Military and the Indian Committees of this
body were called upon to investigate and report
upon this very subject, and the Indian Commit-
tee reported unanimously against the proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives, and the
Military Committee very nearly unanimously.
Perhaps I maybe pardoneckfor alluding to the
fact that when this bill was called up to-day
the Senator from California [Mr. Coxxess]
complained that so humble an individual as
myself happened to occupy a position upon
both of those committees. That, perhaps, was
my misfortune, or the misfortune of the Senate,
who placed me there. It was not a matter of
my own choice. I was selected by the Senate
to act upon both of these committees and dis-
charge my duties to the best of my ability. I
regret that the committees did not have the
benefit of the advice and knowledge of the
distinguished Senator from California to shed
his wisdom upon the great and important con-
siderations that are brought before those com-
mittees, so that the Senate could have been
properly enlightened on the subject on which
they are now called to act.
A. great deal has been said in relation to the
corps of inspectors for which this bill provides.
It is true that the bill does provide for five
inspectors, but not with the enormous salary
which my colleague has represented; quite a
limited salary. It provides simply for the
appointment of five assistant commissioners
of Indian affairs, to be accompanied by a mil-
itary officer and such citizen as may be selected
by the religious denominations of the country,
for the purpose of visiting the Indian tribes
and exercising a supervisory control over them.
I do not know, and I do not pretend to say.
that even the adoption of this bill is going to
cure the evils which now prevail in the Indian
department. I think, however, the tendency
of it will be to check the abuses which are now
known to exist, and which are so palpable to
the country. These commissioners are to
exercise a supervisor)' control over the agents
and the superintendents. They are also vested
with power to act as commissioners for the
purpose of arresting persona who may be
found illegally within the Indian country or
who are engaged in interfering with the rights
of the Indians. One great difficulty which
grows out of the present administration of
Indian affairs is owing to the fact of dishon-
esty or improper conduct upon the part of
disbursing officers. These commissioners are
not themselves to be disbursing officers. They
are entirely removed from the temptation of
peculation or improper use of public funds, as
they are never to handle the money. They
are simply inspectors, who are to report to the
Government and keep them constantly advised
of the condition of the Indians and the treat-
ment which they are receiving at the hands of
the whites, and to make such suggestions as
may be expected to correct abuses. That is
all there is of it. I admit that even the adop-
tion of that system may be a failure; it may
not correct present existing abuses: but it is
the unanimous opinion of the committee which
was charged with the investigation of this sub-
ject that it would have a tendency to correct
them.
Another objection to the transfer of this
bureau to the Military Department of the Gov-
ernment grows out of the fact that there are
great questions of civil administration con-
nected with Indian affairs, and there is a vast
and complicated land system; there are land
grants, there are reservations, there are com-
plex legal questions growing out of the conflict
of rights between different tribes, and between
the whites and the Indians, and between rail-
road companies and the Indians. These legal
questions, by the provisions of this amendment,
are to be turned over for the decision of an
Army officer, or of such person as the Secretary
of War may select to superintend and super-
vise the Indian system.
So far as the hostile Indians are concerned,
I believe they are as effectually now^pnder the
administration of the War Department as they
possibly could be. The military jurisdiction
over the hostile Indians is always conceded.
There is no conflict between them and the
civil Department that I know of where the
Indians are hostile. The soldiers are then
directed to go among them and fight them and
kill them and do what they please and nobody
interferes. It is the duty of the soldier to
prosecute the war with the Indians for the pro-
tection of the frontier settlements; but under
the provisions of the House amendment you
propose to take the soldier from his proper
and legitimate duty and make him a petty dis-
bursing officer, and charge him with the superin-
tendency of Indian farms. We should remem-
ber that we are proposing a vast field of labor
for the military. We have already organized,
by a bill xhich has passed both Houses of
Qongress, five military districts in the South,
each to be presided over by a brigadier general.
It takes more than half of the effective briga-
diers of the Army to fill those districts which
have been created by law, leaving perhaps two
or three active, effective brigadier generals for
all the rest of the service of the United States, ,
and by the provisions of this amendment one
of those two or three is to be selected and
placed at the head of Indian affairs.
Sir, I make no remarks deprecating the
ability, the capacity, the courage, or the integ-
rity of Army officers as a class. I believe they
are not surpassed for all these qualities by any
class in the country. My opposition to the
change suggested by thi3 amendment is that it
is taking the officer from his legitimate and
proper duty and assigning him to a duty for
which he is not supposed to have any qualifi-
cations by education or by practice. Ihe
