1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
the benefit of their creditors who are found in
the loyal States, and, among other States, in
the State of Michigan. "Does the honorable
member propose to deny to the creditor who
lives in Michigan the right to proceed as
against his disloyal debtor in the State of
Louisiana ? I understand him to say so.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly not. It is not
applicable to that case.
Mr. JOHNSON". I understand it perfectly,
and I have asserted it so. It is not proposed.
Well, will he not apply, and if he does apply,
is it suggested that the effect of the discharge
is not to be as absolute of such a debtor as it
will be of a debtor in the loyal States ? And
if it is to be, why is it to be? Only upon the
ground that he who surrenders either by com-
Eulsion or voluntarily all his estate ought to
e discharged from his debts.
Mr. SUMNER. I will merely make one
remark in reply to the learned Senator from
Maryland. He says that he understood the
proposition. I doubt not that he did, but I
am inclined to think, nevertheless, that the Sen-
ate may perhaps have been—he will pardon
me the expression—a little befogged by the
remark of the Senator. I wish, therefore, that
'the Senate should distinctly understand that
my amendment is simply applicable to a vol-
untary petitioner for the benefit of this act
who himself has been a debtor. It is not ap-
plicable to any adversary proceedings against
him.
Mr. JOHNSON". I said so.
Mr. SUMNER. I know the Senator said
so. It is not applicable to any adversary pro-
ceedings against a bankrupt: it is only appli-
cable to the case of the bankrupt himself seek-
ing the benefits of this act; and the question is
then presented-whether at this moment, this
day, in the present condition of things in that
whole rebel region, you are prepared to allow
disloyal persons, in other words persons who
cannut take the test oath, to come forward and
share the benefit of this great act of mercantile
and commercial amnesty; for that is the char-
acter of the bankrupt act? The day for am-
nesty, whether it be mercantile or political,
has not yet come. There is no one who is
more anxious for that day than I am, or who
will welcome it more sincerely ; but it has not
yet come ; and it cannot come until all the
foundations of security are fixed throughout
tliat whole region ; it cannot come until the
existing governments in that region are en-
tirely brushed aside as having 110 legal or con-
stitutional existence. They are the creatures
of a usurpation; that is all. They ought not
to exist; and until they are brushed aside and
until yon have security in that region there is
no opportunity for amnesty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I took
some part in passingathe bankrupt act of 1841.
That containiid, as this does, what is called the
voluntary clause, and I have always been in
favor of it. I have been in favor of it for sev-
eral reasons. I believe that we ought to have
a bankrupt act in the country; and my observa-
tion has convinced me that it is impossible to
pass any bankrupt act at all except under the
pressure of opinion and feeling created by the
existence of a good deal of bankruptcy in the
country and the desire of individuals to be re-
lieved. I have 110 question about the consti-
tutional authority, the perfect power of Con-
gress to pass it in that form if it sees fit.
The reasons, in addition to what I have al-
ready stated, why I have been in favor of it are
two: first, because I am willing to relieve in-
dividuals, of whom there are a great number
who cannot be relieved in any other way, for
their own benefit; and second, because I be-
lieve it would be very beneficial to the country
to restore to the power of labor and usefulness,
and to relieve from the oppressiveness of a
burden of debt which they cannot meet, a large
number of individuals who would become act-
ive aud useful citizens, and thus advance the
interests of the country.
These reasons have always operated on me
as sufficient to induce me to run therisk of the
odium (if odium may be occasioned by it) or
the unpopularity that may arise from the pas-
sage of such a law. I believe it will be bene-
ficial and useful; and when the country has
once been relieved in that way by the volun-
tary clause, it will be but a very short time
before it will cease to operate, because then all
come under what is called the compulsory
clause, as a general rule. That is to say, ex-
isting debts being swept away, others will be
incurred under the act itself; and they will be
debts made with a perfect understanding in
the community as to what they will be subject
to, what the law of the land is, and every body
who gives credit will give it with a perfect
understanding of what the result may be.
That being the case, I am utterly opposed
to the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I have felt pained that I was obliged,
by my sense of duty and by the conduct of
men in the southern States which were in re-
bellion, to resort to the stringent measures
to which we have been obliged to resort in
order to prevent evil to the public. These test
oaths and other measures of that description
are in themselves of an objectionable character
always, and only to be excused by the necessity
of the case. So far as they are applicable to
political power, to holding office, so as to pre-
vent certain men from seeking or being able to
get the control of public affairs, I think they
are entirely justifiable at present; but outside
of that I am desirous, and I presume every
Senator here is desirous, that at the earliest
possible day all these States of which we speak
may become again prosperous, that they may
be relieved from their present condition of
pecuniary and other suffering, and may again
be prosperous in every sense of the word. I
think we all desire that. It is for the benefit
of the whole country that it should be so, not
quite so directly for our benefit as for theirs;
but indirectly whatever tends to promote their
prosperity and their good tends to the prosper-
ity and the good of the whole country.
Now, sir, in legislating upon business affairs,
matters merely of every day occurrence, having
110 connection with the political power of the
country, no connection with any question which
would tend to create difficulty hereafter, but
simply affecting their pecuniary interests, their
prosperity as individuals constituting commu-
nities, I am shocked at the idea of making a
distinction between them and us. Why do it
in any law which has reference simply to mat-
ters of business, affecting only individual pros-
perity and comfort? I would relieve them
gladly if I could do so with a proper regard to
the safety of the country from all these test
oaths. I cannot do it according to my own
judgment of what is necessary, and therefore
I leave that to time and the changes that time
brings with it. But, sir, in everything else,
with reference to any measure that may tend
to promote the prosperity of that region, I feel
an interest in it which would induce me cer-
tainly on no occasion to make a distinction
between them and us with regard to those
ordinary matters. I was in favor at the last
session of appropriating a large sum of money
to repair the levees on the Mississippi river;
and the Senate I think passed the proposition,
but the other House rejected it. I.am in favor
of other measures which will tend to encourage
the growth of the interests of that section of
the country just as much as I am of measures
which will tend to encourage the growth of our
own interests and of our own prosperity, be-
cause they are now a part of the body-politic,
and sooner or later they must resume their
position as States.
Hence a proposition of this character com-
ing from my friend from Massachusetts a little
surprises me. I am astonished that he does
not see that it is for our good as well as for
the good of these communities that there
should be no distinction in all the ordinary
affairs of life, in the application of beneficial
laws, between them and ourselves. Sir, if an
amendment of this sort was incorporated into
the bill, desirous as I am to pass it I would
not vote for the bill. I would not vote for
anything which to my mind is of so odious a
charactcr
Mr. D00LITTLE. Mr. President, what-
ever may be said about other laws affecting
commercial transactions, I believe the bank-
rupt system of every civilized nation on the
globe embraces within its provisions even alien j
enemies ; and the proposition to exclude from]
the benefits of this bill those persons who have
been once engaged in rebellion, but have given
up the cause of the rebellion and profess at
least their determination to be obedient to the
Constitution and laws of the United States, is
the last proposition I ever expected to hear
presented or entertained in this body.
Mr. President, aside from that question, the
truth is that what the South perhaps needs
more than anything else at the ptesent time is
the breaking up of the large landed estates
into smaller farms, to be occupied and culti-
vated by the system of free labor. And this
bill, in my judgment, both in its compulsory
clauses and in its voluntary clauses, will tend
to do that very thing. When proceedings are
taken against a debtor who may reside at the
South, whose property mainly consists in vast
bodies of real estate, the result of the decree
of the court will be that the lands are to be
sold, and they will be sold and titles will be
given, titles upon which men can rest, and in
that way the estates will be divided.
If you hold out to persons having this kind
of property, when it is**incumbered and they
are involved, the right to come into the court
of bankruptcy and ask for a sale and distribu-
tion of the property, it will operate in the
same way; and, in my judgment, by leaving
it in its full operation, both in its compulsory
provisions and in its voluntary provisions, the
measure is one of the best measures that can
be conccived for the purpose of breaking up
the great landed estates of the South and
dividing them into small farms, which is essen-
tial to the adoption of that kind of civilization
which rests upon free labor. The other system,
resting upon slave labor, continually increased
the landed estates; but the free labor system
has a tendency to break them up into small
farms, and by breaking them into small farms
have more thickly-settled neighborhoods, and
with those neighborhoods come villages and
school-houses and all that which distinguishes
the northern civilization of the free States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I sympa-
thize with the Senator from Wisconsin in his
aspirations: I hope that these great estates
will be broken up. Possibly in the bankrupt
bill there may be something which will have a
tendency in that direction: how much I know
not. However, I accept the Senator's argu-
ment in favor of a bankrupt bill. I am sin-
cerely in favor of- such a measure. All Sena-
tors about me know that from the first moment
this bill has been brought forward I have
avowed myself without hesitation in its favor.
I am, therefore, one of its friends. Being one
of its friends I desire its improvement. I wish
it to bo put on a foundation of justice that can
stand. I submit that while it proposes to open
the doors of the court-house to persons yet
reeking with rebellion, it is not founded in jus-
tice, nor is it founded in humanity, and there
I come directly in conflict with the able Sena-
tor from Maine. His argument to my mind
was not an argument for humanity or for jus-
tice, but just the reverse. It is because I wish
to organize justice and to organize humanity ill
that whole rebel region that I have brought
forward the proposition on which you are to
vote.
I do not imagine that such an amendment
if adopted would bp in any permanent act of
bankruptcy. I should hope anxiously that
the time would come soon when it might be
dropped ; but that is uot the question. \\ e are
to deal with the hour as it is, not to deal with
the hour as it may be to-morrow or next year.
We are to deal with the existing exigency.
Now, the Senator from Maine, as I under-
stood him, recognized the value of test oaths
