244
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0BB.
keo and Bock Bjver eanal, which have been aoM by
said Territory or said State at $1 25 per acre, and as
much more as the Territory and State received upon
toe same upon Bales of any part thereof at a higher
price"—
He was to charge os with this quantity of
land at $1 25 an acre, and if we sold any of it
for more than $1 25, to charge us that extra
sum—
"and shall credit paid State with the amount that
has been legally and properly applied by said State
er Territory toward the cost of selling said land and
toward the construction of said canal."
That is the way the Secretary was to settle
with us; give ub credit for the five per cent.,
charge us with the lands at what we got for
them less the amount which it cost to make
sale of the lands and the amount which we had
paid over to the company1. Well, then, about
the company:
"And the said Secretary Shall also settle and allow
to the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company
- each fams of money as hare been properly expended
by said company m the surrey and location of said
eanal, in the construction thereof as far as the same
has been constructed, together with dams. Socks', and
slack-water navigation, and in the management and
Keeping the same in repair; and the same shall be paid
to the said canal company out of any money in the
^Treasury not otherwise appropriated, not exceeding
said State for money paid by ber oat of the same
fond."
That is the way you proposed to treat the
eanal company. When you had set off against
what you owed us on the five per cent, fund the
amount of money in our hands derived from the
canal grant, that money was then inyour hands;
it was then in the Treasury of the United States,
and you directed here that out of that fond, to
the extent of it, should be paid this claim of the
eanal company; for what?
Sueh sums of money as have been properly ex-
pended by said company in the survey and location
Of said canal.in the construction thereof as far as the
same has been constructed, togetherwithdams, locks,
and slack-water navigation, and in the management
and keeping the same in repair.*'
Under that resolution the Secretary of the
Interior undertook to adjust this account.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. HOWE. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Lapd Office acting -under the instructions
ef the Secretary of the Interior. The Secre-
tary of the Interior is the officer mentioned in
the act. The company said that some of^the
money they expended they had borrowed un-
der the charter which created the company, for
it was chartered by the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin; but that charter was sanctioned by the
Congress of the United States. In that char-
ter they had authority to borrow money; they
did borrow money, and of course when they
borrowed money they had to pay the money
and had to pay interest on it. The Sena-
tor from Illinois says they paid extravagant
rates of interest, I never heard that asserted
before. The other day I believe the Senator
made the same remark when undertaking to
open this question; but upon inquiry I am
instructed that only seven per cent, was ever
paid by the company, except in one instance
for a small sum of money, I forget whether
$160 or $1,500. Lawful interest is all they
expect to recover, however. They expect to
recover that simply because they paid it. Be- i
log authorized to borrow money, they did bor- '!
row money; and having borrowed money they I
had to pay it back, and they had to pay inter- *|
est on the sum they borrowed. Now to the
extent thut this fund is unexpended they say j
they have just as good a right to the interest i
they paid as they have to the money they put
into the work; and the question before the
Senate is whether they have that right under .
the terms of this resolution which I havo just
road to you, for the only purpose of the present '
resolution is to explain the resolution that I
have just read.
It is not to grant any new right; it grants
no dollar of money to anybody; its purpose is
to declare what was the meaatng of the act you
passed in 18's4- That did not mate a grant.
That prescribed what was the right offiiis eanal 1
January 3,
company under previous laws of the United
States. If this company have the same right
to recover the interest they hare paid ont that
they have to recover any other money .they paid
out in the prosecution of this work, then yon
ought to vote for the resolution before the Sen-
ate, because that is what this resolution declares.
If they have not, if there is a distinction to be
made between the money they put into a dam
directly and interest paid on money that they
borrowed and put into a dam, then this resolu-
tion oaght not to receive the assent of th&
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, two or
three years ago this subject was before the Com-
mittee on Claims, and as a member of that com-
mittee I investigated it, it having been referred
to me for that purpose. I thoaght that the
adjustment between the State and the company
ought to be made and ought to be made upon
equitable principles. I thought there were
principles which were administered in courts
of equity peculiarly applicable to the relations
between the company and the State in regard
to the lands that had been granted by Congress
in 1838, and I concur with the Senator from
Wisconsin in the opinion that both as a question
of law and a question of equity the resolution
now before the Senate ought to pass, or rather
that the motion to reconsider ought not to
prevail.
In 1838 Congress made a grant of land to the
Territory of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of this canal. It was held by the Depart-
ment to be the plain meaning of the law that
the Territory was but a trustee for the canal
company because of this fact: in the early part
of that year the Territory of Wisconsin organ-
ized or created the company known as the
Milwaukee and Eock Kiver Canal Company,
and authorized it to construct a canal so as to
connect the waters of the lake wkh Rock river;
in that act of incorporation the territorial
Legislature authorized the company to borrow
money on interest: and also expressly author-
ized the company to apply to Congress for a
grant of land in aid of the enterprise ; and in
pursuance of that authority in the act of incor-
poration the company as a company memo-
rialized Congress for lands, and upon the
memorial ofthecompany the lands were granted
to the Territory to construct that particular
canal. So that it was always held, and very
properly, that the Territory became a trustee
for the company in the management and dis-
posal of those lands. Some time afterward the
territorial Legislature refused further to carry
out the trust; having sold part of the lands,
refused by a resolution to pay the proceeds
over to the canal company, and directed the
officers of the Territory not to pay over any
money upon future sales. Here, then, was
money in the hands of the Territory and after-
ward in the hands of the State arising out of a
trust fund. Because the territorial Legislature
and the State of Wisconsin refused to pay over
this trust money the canal company found
itself out of means and under the power given
in the act of incorporation borrowed money.
If the money in the hands of the Territory and j
of the State arising from the sale of these lands
had been handed over to the company it would
not have needed to borrow money : but it had
to boi"row money beeanso of the refusal of the
State and of the Territory to recognize the trust
which the act of incorporation and the act of
Congress both recognized. This was a thing
that Congress thought ought to be corrected;
Congress thought this was wrong ; and the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] in a report
made to the House of Representatives, as far
back I think as 1842, clearly laid down the obli-
fition of the St t« of Wisconsin and of the
erritory in regard to this trust fund; and I
incorporated that report in the report which I
made to the Senate two years ago upon this ;
claim. i;
When the State of Wisconsin asked to be j:
admitted iuto the Union she asked that cer-
tain lands granted for internal improvement ;
purposes might bo made, at, the pleasure of the
State, a school fund instead of an internal im-
provement fund. Congress agreed to that, but
upon the express condition that the State should
settle this claim with the canal eotnpasy 5n
regard to this trust fund. That is found in the
act admitting the State of Wisconsin into the
Union, and made her right to the STP-per cent,
fond depend upon her settlement ol this trust
fund, so that Congress became in fact a court
of chancery in regard to the trust fund by the
very act admitting the State of Wisconsin. It
was for that reason I thought Congtess bad to
settle this question. Forthat reason I differed
with the Senator from Illinois, who thought that
Congress ought not to settle a question between
the Stat© and the company. I thought Con-
gress had undertaken to settle it in the act
admitting the State of Wisconsin, making it a
condition of her right to her five per cent fund
from the sales of publie lands that she should
settle this equitable clairh of the canal com-
Upon this whole case the joint resolution of
July 1, 1864, was passed, and it provides bow
the adjustment shall be made: that the State
of Wisconsin shall have her five per cent, fund,
but there shall be taken ont of it this trust
fund: the State shall first be charged with all
the lands she has sold, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand acres; she shall thea
be credited with the money she paid over to
build the canal: then the company shall have
the money it expended in building the canal,
in keeping it in repair, building locks, feed-
ers, &c. When it came to be settled the
Commissioner of the General Land Office said
he would not credit the canal company with
the interest which it paid upon money, which
it borrowed, and which it was compelled to
borrow because the trustee refused to pay over
the trust money in her hands; and how any
Commissioner of the Land Office could decide
that i was not able to see.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who was the Commis-
sioner?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Edmunds. That
is just the question here, whether the canal
company under this act was entitled to the in-
terest which it paid upon money which was bor-
rowed under an express authority given by the
territorial Legislature of Wisconsin to borrow
money, and which it borrowed because the
State and the Territory refused to pay over the
trust fund. It seemed to me too plain to admit
of discussion.
The question that the honorable Senator from
Illinois suggests cannot come before the Senate
now, because this whole subject is under the
control of Congress. It comes under its con-
trol by the resolution passed two years ago, and
by the act admitting the State into the Union,
j It is a matter that we must control, and we
alone. Here is a sum of $24,000, as I under-
stand, money that was realized by the State from
the sale of these trust lands. That money is in
the Treasury. It has not been paid over to the
State, nor has it been paid over to this com-
pany. The company claims that it should be paid
over to it under the resolution of two years ago,
for interest which it paid upou money which it
borrowed to carry-on the work. The company
was to be indemnified for all moneys expended
by it in the construction of the work; and it is a
simple question for a lawyer to decide whether
a cestui que trust who borrows money hccause
the trustee will not pay over money m his hands
shall lose the interest, or whether the trustee
shall be charged with interest upon that bor-
rowed money. What lawyer could question
that? The State of Wisconsin had iho money
in her hands. By an act of her Legislature sba
refused to pay it over for the purpose of build-
ing this canal and the company had to borrow
money. Under an authority in the act of in-
corporation the company borrowed iho money.
The Commissioner of the General Land OiKca
says that in a settlement between the trustee
and the beneficiary interest thus paid is not to
be accounted for. That is the simpk naked
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If one will look orer
