1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
duties of an Indian agent are so diverse and
so contrary to anything that an Army officer is
likely to have learned by his experience that
it would take him a long time to acquire a
knowledge of the business. Then ho will be
liable at any time to be called away, and some
young officer must naturally in the course of
events be selected to take his place. These
positions are places of great responsibility;
and one great injury, one great wrong, which
lias existed in the administration of Indian
affairs has been the constant change of officers
resulting from the political action of the Gov-
ernment. Men have been turned out every
few years and new men put in their places
having no capacity for the business and no
acquaintance with the Indian tribes which they
are expected to control.
As I suggested before, the hostile Indians
are now as effectually under the control of the
War Department as they could possibly be if
the House amendment should become a law.
My colleague, in discussing this question, drew
largely upon his imagination in reference to
their being military posts at the Indian reser-
vations. He also spoke of the conduct of cer-
tain officials in Oregon, two or three, who had
accumulated fortunes of forty or fifty thousand
dollars, and made their escape to the southern
confederacy. There was one Iridian agent in
Oregon who, I believe, peculated upon the
General Government, and did take away from
the State some twenty or thirty thousand dol-
lars, with which lie went to the southern con-
federacy. If a board, such as this bill provides
for, had been organized at that time, with power
to suspend or arrest him, that trouble would
never have occurred; that miln would never
have got outside of the State with the funds
which he had peculated from the Government.
There was no power there to arrest him then.
The person in charge of the superintendency
at the time made an attempt to have him ar-
rested, as he had before tried, by correspond-
ence with Washington, to have him removed
and taken from the charge of the agency ; but
it was impossible to do so either from a laxity
here on the part of the Department or a fail-
ure to respond to his requisition. But that is
an evil which is as likely to occur under mili-
tary as under civil administration. How many
officers of the regular Army—to whom it is
now proposed to commit this business—did the
very same thing at the commencement o'f the
war? That was in the nature of things. Men
in all departments of the Government were
fonnd faithless to their trusts at the commence-
ment of the war. The fact that one individ-
ual stole or peculated from the Government
and turned traitor is no argument against the
general system or the continuation of the
policy.
This amendment goes still further. Under
the present system we have some guarantee for
the faithful administration of Indian affairs.
Bach Indian agent and each sub-agent and
each superintendent is required to execute a
bond to the Government for the faithful dis-
bursement of the public moneys placed in his
hands. This amendment of the House, con-
trary to any system that has ever been adopted
in this country relative to disbursing officer*,
relieves the Army officers who may be appointed
to discharge this duty lrom that responsibility;
and it entirely relieves the Government from
any security upon the individual for the pub-
lic moneys which may be placed in his hands.
•It is proposed to select officers of the Armv,
make them disbursing officers of these super-
™ w-eS J"!1 a3enc'cs! having sometimes
$<>00,000 for disbursement, and the only hold
it proposes to have upon them is a military
court-martial. This system was found to be
an error, even in the Army itself and there
is not now, I believe, a disbursing officer of
the Army, either in the paymaster's depart-
ment or the quartermaster's department or the
subsistence department, who is not required to
©ye bonds for the taithful disbursement of
money which is placed in his hands. The pro-
vision in this amendment is that Army officers
!' charged with the disbursement of moneys for
the Indians shall not give bonds, that they
shall be trusted with an indefinite amount of
money for the purpose of general disburse-
ment without offering or affording to the Gov-
ernment any security whatever.
I have said more, sir, upon this subject than
I proposed at the commencement of the dis-
cussion ; and as there are others who desire to
speak on the question, I will 110 longer occupy
the time of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, when be-
■ fore the recess, I happened to inquire of the
, honorable Senator who has just taken his seat
1 whether some of the members who are claimed
to have reported from the Committee on Mili-
1 tary Affairs in favor of the bill reported favor-
ably by the Committee on Indian Affairs were
not also members of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the Senator from Oregon answered
that he was on both committees. At the time
I had no especial design of pointing out the
Senator from Oregon in that respect. It had
simply attracted ray attention as a coincidence
and a fact that two of the gentlemen upon the
Committee on Indian Affairs were also mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs : and
J it occurred to me that if, after voting in favor
of the bill before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, they had attended the meeting of the
j Committee on Military Affairs and there voted
| in the same manner, thereport made or claimed
J to have been made by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is not to be wondered at.
j Upon this the honorable Senator undertakes
to make a point and give a construction to
! what I said very different from what I had
intended. I intended no reflection upon the
honorable Senator, and his remarks in answer
thereto I will simply say, so far as they are
applied to myself, I regard as entirely gratui-
tous. I find on looking a little further into
the matter that a majority of the Committee
on Military Affairs are not in favor of the
proposition coming from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and I do not know upon what
ground it was stated or claimed here that such
was the case. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, who seems to have taken this busi-
ness in charge, was not present he tells me at
the committee meeting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. And the chairman of that
committee is against the proposition, and so
are, as I stated, a majority of its members.
Mr. NESM1TH. I will say to the Senator
that I have not polled the committee or made
inquiries on that subject, and do not propose
to do so now. Vfhat I made my statement
upon was simply the action of the committee.
I am aware that there were some members
absent at the time. So far as the Senator
complains of my remarks in relation to himself,
I will simply say that I intended them as com-
plimentary to hi" distinguished ability.
Mr. CONNESS. Among others who are
absent to-night is the Senator from Nevada.
[Mr. Stewart,] who desires to be heard by
the Senate upon this subject.
Mr. BROW N. And the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes.1 '
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Nevada
I know did not expect that this measure would
be called up this evening, and if it is determined
to proceed to a vote to-night I shall be com-
pelled to occupy the floor in the absertce of the
Senator from Nevada, which I do not wish to
do to-night; but in order that that Senator
may have an opportunity to be heard, and that
this subject may have further consideration, I
move now that the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
the Senate adjourning so as to leave this ques-
tion tlv; unfinished business to come up to-
morrow ; but to postpone it now is to displace
it from its position before the Senate, and I
therefore cannot consent to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin "that this
I motion of mine is made in good faith, and
I being made in good faith I should feel bound
in honor to vote with the Senator to-morrow
to take up the bill. I desire him distinctly to
understand that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubt of the
entire good faith of the Senator from Califor-
nia ; but the effect of the motion will be to
displace this bill, so that to-morrow it will not
be before the Senate. I have no objection to
a motion to adjourn or a motion to go into
executive session, because that will leave it as
the unfinished business.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business, withdrawing the motion I
previously made.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. We have
been in executive session for a long time to-
day, and it is well known that we transacted a
good deal of business there. There is a joint
resolution which it is verv important the Sen-
ate should act upon within twenty-four hours.
I refer to the joint resolution with reference to
the Universal Exposition at Paris. It ha3
been reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I desire to have the Senate pro-
ceed with it during the remainder of this even-
ing. I think there can be 110 objection to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of that is
precisely the same unless I am entirely mis-
1 taken, as I suppose 1 must have been at the
beginning of the session this evening. I then
found myself out of court, and it required a
motion to get in.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be understood that
the Senator's bill can betaken up atone o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.' If there can be a uni-
versal understanding of the Senate that we
shall take up> the bill at one o'clock to-morrow
and go on with it, I shall not objcct.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
fornia that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that
I have occupied but little of the time of the
Senate, and I do not think it is the disposition
of the Committee on Indian Affairs to occupy
time on this bill. If the Senate desire to con-
sider it, it ought to he acted upon now. LTnless
we dispose of it by one or two o'clock to-
morrow, it will be useless to consider it longer.
I am sorry that the Senator from Nevada is
not here, but he had the same opportunity to
be here that I had. I am sick and scarcely
able to come here. I do not know that there
is any excuse on the part of the Senator from
Nevada for being absent. The Senator from
Iowa, I believe, is sick, and I have no assur-
ance that he will be here to-morrow either to
speak or to vote on the bill. I regret as much
as any one that we have not the valuable expe-
rience and the good judgment of the Senator
from Iowa and the Senator from Nevada: bnt
I know of no excuse why the Senator from
Nevada is not here. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will consider the matter to-night.
Sir. BROWN. I do not think there is a dis-
position in the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion. I think the question had be'ter be taken
on a motion to postpone this bill temporarily,
or lay it over informally.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that,
and I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BROWN. I shall have no objection to
this bill coming up to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr- St MNER. Let us proceed with the
Paris Exposition bill.
Mr. BROW N. That is another question.
Permit this to be put first.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we mi^ht as
well adjourn. \\ p have been sitting here every
night now for a week past or more. It is very
hard on the secretaries, the reporters, and our-
selves. I move, therefore, that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and (at nine
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
