1867.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1, 18G7.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, Senate amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 1173) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1 SOS, were taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
ASSAY OFFICES.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on a uniform sys-
tem of Coinage, Weights, and Measures, a bill
to establish certain offices for the assay of gold
and silver, in lieu of certain branch mints here-
tofore established. The bill is in accordance
with the recommendation of the Treasury De-
partment, and I ask leave to report it now, as
the committee will not be again called this
session. I
The bill was read. The first section requires
the Secretary o( the Treasury to establish j
assay offices of the United States for the re-
ceipt and for the melting, assaying, and stamp-
ing of gold and silver at Denver, in Colorado,
at Charlotte, in North Carolina, and at Dab-
lonega, in Georgia; and it appropriates the |
sijm of S5.000 for the purchase and repairs of
buildings at the branch mint at Charlotte, and
the same sum for the same purpose at Dahlon-
ega, to carry out the provisions of this sec-
tion.
The second section provides that as soon as
the public interest shall require the services
of such officers, the President shall appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen- |
ate, for each of said assay offices, one super-
intendent, who shall perform the duties of j
assayer, and ono treasurer, who shall perform |
the duties of melter ; and the superintendent j
sliq.ll employ one clerk for his assistant, and
tkcee workmen and one watchman, if in the '
judgment of the Secretary of the Treasury
such services shall be required. The sala-
ries for such officers shall be as follows: for
the superintendent andassaycr, $2,o00ayear; 1
for the treasurer and melter, $2,500 a year;
for the clerk and assistant, §l,800ayear; and
the subordinates and workmen shall be paid
such wages as may be determined upon by the
superintendent and approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury; provided that such compen-
sation shall not exceed such wages and allow-
ances as are customary, according to their
respective trades and occupations.
The third section provides that the officers
and clerks to be appointed under this act,
before entering upon the execution of their
offices, shall take oath or aflirmation before
some judge of a court of the United States or
of the supreme court of the Territory, as now
provided by law, faithfully and diligently to
perform the duties of their respective offices ;
and shall each become bound to the United
States of America, with one or more sureties, to
the satisfaction of the Director af the Mint or
the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned for
the faithlul performance of the duties of their
offices.
i lie fourth section provides that the business
of said offices shall be under the general con-
trol and direction of the Director of the Mint
at Philadelphia, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury ; and for this pur-
pose it is made the duty of the Director to pre-
scribe such regulations and require such returns
and to establish such charges for melting, as- '
saying, and stamping as shall appear to him !
necessary to carry into effect the provisions of
this act. I
The fifth section proposes to enact that the '
assay offices shall be places of deposit for pub-
lic moneys, if in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury it shall be expedient; and th«
treasurer thereof is to have the custody of such
moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury may
direct, and for that purpose he is to be subject
to such provisions of an act to provide for the
better organization of the Treasury and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, anddisburse-
I ment of the public revenue, approved August
6, 184G, as relate to the Treasury and to the
branch mint at New Orleans.
The sixth section provides that the owneror
owners of any gold or silver in bullion, dust, or
other form, or of any foreign coin, shall be
, entitled to deposit the same in any of said
offices ; and the treasurer is to give a receipt
stating the weight and description of such gold
or silver, bullion, dust, or coin as aforesaid, in
the manner and under such regulations as are
or may bo provided in like cases of deposits at
the Mint of the United States. And such bul-
lion, dust, or coin is without delay to be melted,
assayed, and cast into bars or ingots, on which.
!; shall be stamped the name of the assay office,
J! the number of the deposit from the first day
h of each year, its weight and fineness and value
! in each metal; and in this form the bulliou
I shall be returned to the depositor upon pay-
; ment by him of the established charges of the
office.
The seventh section proposes to enact that
. all laws and parts of laws now in force for the
regulation of the Mintofthe United States and ;
' its branches, and for the government of officers ;
| and persons employed therein, and for the pun-
I ishmentofall offenses connected therewith shall
I be in full force in relation to the assay offices
established by this act so far as the same may 1
. be applicable thereto.
The eighth section provides for the repeal
of an act to establish a branch mint at Den-
ver. Colorado Territory, approved April 21,
1802, and an act to establish branches of the
Mint of the United States, approved March 3,
1835, so far as the latter relates to the branch
mints at Charlotte and Dahlonega.
The ninth section proposes to authorize and
require the Secretary of the Treasury to re- !
move the machinery and implements belong- J
ing to the United States mint for the purpose j
of coinage iu the branch mints at Charlotte
and Dahlonega to the Mint at Philadelphia ;
but he may authorize the retention of sucll
portion of the property, buildings, and ma-
chinery at either of those places as may be
necessary for the purpose of assaying metals,
as provided by this act. ;
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third ;
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOUSING HOUR DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. STEVENS moved to dispense with the
morning hour, as it was for privata business
only.
Mr. INGERSOLL objected.
Mr. STEVENS moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was disagreed to.
AMENDMENT OF TARIFF.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following to cure a defect in the
existing law. It meets the approval of the
Committee of Ways and Means. i
The Clerk read as follows: j
Joint resolution to amend section five of an act
entitled "An act to increase duties on imports,and
for other purpose*." approved June 30. 1S(34. |
Jleso/ved by the Senate and House of Representative*
qf the United State* of America in Congress assembled.
That the paragraph of section five of an act entitled !
" An act to increase duties on imports, and for otner I
purposes," approved June 39.1864, as follows, to wit: 1
"On lastinss, mohair cloth, silk, twist, wool, or i
other maiiutaeuircd cloth woven or made in patterns
of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such manner
as to bo tit for shoes, slippers, bootees, gaiters, and
buttons exclusively, not combined with India-
rubber, ten per cent. ad valorem," be, and tho same
is hereby, repealed. |
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
GRANT TO CALIFORNIA UAILROAD.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from the further consideration of a bill giving
aid to construct a railroad from Stockton to
Copperopolis, in California, with the amend-
ments thereto, and that the same be laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
a joint resolution in relation to the laws passed
by the Legislative Assembly of New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico at its last session,
beginning on the 3d of December, 1866, and
ending on the 3d day of February, 1867, and
signed by W. P. M. Amy, acting secretary,
shall have the same force and effect as if the
same had been signed by the Governor duly
appointed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the House will allow
me a single word of explanation: the Gov-
ernor of New Mexico was absent during the
session of the Legislature, and the secretary of
state, who bylaw would have been acting Gov-
ernor. was also absent from the Territory.
This does riot confirm these laws in the sense
in which Congress may confirm territorial
legislation, but only places them in the samo
situation as if the Governor had signed them.
The joint, resolution was ordered to be
engrossed'and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF TIIE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. FINCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
back resolution of the House in regard to im-
provement of the navigation of the Ohio river,
and moved that the same be laid upon the
table, the subject having already been decided
upon iu another place.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency hilij.
Mr. STEVENS moved that tho rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ai.i.isok in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
1227, making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 13, 1807, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed
with.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
The bill was accordingly read a first time,
and was afterward read by paragraphs for
amendment.
The Clerk read the following paragraphs:
Engineers' office: •
To meet deficiencies of the prosent fiscal year on
account of engineer office having the supervision of
the Union Pacific railroad and branched, land-grant
railroads, and wagon-roads, namely:
For compensation of clerks,
For contingencies, $.">00.
For per diem of one Government commissioner
Central Pacifio railroad of California, to attend meet-
ing of board of Government directors, commission-
ers, and engineer at Washington, District of Colum-
bia, February 1. 1868, for the purpose of fixing a
standard of railroad to which the Pacific railroad
and branches shall conform, seventy-fire days, at ten
dollars per day, $750.
For mileage of said commissioner from San Fran-
cisco to Washington, six thousand Ore hundred and
sixty-nine milts, and back, at tea oeots per mile,
to  iuad said meeting, 80.
