1S67.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
this Senate I think he will be satisfied that this
is a very improper manner to consider Claims
of this kind. Ihis claim, whatever it may be,
ought to go to our Court of Claims or to some
place where it wouldbejndicially.investigated.
There are perhaps a dozen Senators here pres-
ent, not a quorum certainly; and of those here
present, not half a dozen pay any -attention to
the consideration of this question.
Of course there is little .encouragement to
attempt to explain it, or to get the views of
those who disagree .with the-Senator from In-
diana, or for him to get his views before the
Senate, so that the body can vote understand-
ing^- . ,
I have looked into the papers in this case
since I was up before. The circumstances had
passed out of my mind somewliatwhen thereso-
lution was called up, and I was then unable to
state all the facts aboutit. I have since looked
at the papers carefully; and sitting as a judge
on the bench I shouldno more think of allowing
this claim to a party than I could think of
handing $25,000 to any man on Pennsylvania
avenue who might come here and a6k for it.
That would be my view. The Senator from
Indiana is equally clear that the claim ought to
be paid equitably and legally. It seems other-
wise to me, and because it seemed so to me I
made this motionto reconsider, in order that the
Senate might, if it would listen to it, see what
the case was. I think it is very simple. If we
leave out these five per cent, funds that have
really nothing to do with the ease we could
get at it.
The Senator from Wisconsin said that the
State of Wisconsin had not anything to do with
this matter; that it was a matter which affected
the Territory of Wisconsin, and that in a part
of the statement I had made I was correct and
in a part of it I was not correct, and that was
one of the respects in which he corrected me.
I have referred to the statutes since and I have
been enabled to go through the papers, and I
think I can now make a statement that will be
accurate and succinct and may be understood
by those who listen to me.
In 1838, on the 18th of June, Congress passed
a law granting to the then Territory of Wis-
consin one hundred and odd thousand acres
of land for the purpose of making this improve-
ment. The land was not granted to any canal
company; it was granted to the Territory of
Wisconsin for the purpose of making an im-
provement. It was pi-ovided in that law :
"That whenever the Territory of Wisconsin shall
be admitted into the Union as aState the lands hereby
granted for the construction of the said canal, or such
part thereof as may not have been already sold and
applied to that object under the direction of the ter-
ritorial government, «hall vest in the State of Wis-
consin. to be disposed of under such regulations as
the Legislature thereof may provide."
Then the grant of land was to the State of
Wisconsin as well as the Territory.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President. I am
even yet more familiar with the history of the
case than rav friend is.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Undoubtedly.
Mr. HOWE. And I have given it more
careful examination. I will say to him here
that none of it was vested under that act in the
State of Wisconsin. What had not been sold
bythe Territory and vested in private hands
at the time the State of Wisconsin was created
was set off to the State as a part of the uni-
versity lands—'a part of the five hundred thou-
sand acres which go to every new State for uni-
versity purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The State, then, got it.
The State was the successor of the Territory.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. Yes, sir; the State was
the successor of the Territory in all its rights.
Mr. HOWE. No. The fact which I want
my friend to comprehend is, not that the State
succeeded to the rights of the Territory under
this grant, but that the State got this balance
of land as an express grant and th6 United
States got the benefit of it because we "took it
as a part of the five hundred thousand acres.
If we had not taken these lands we should
have taken just as many acres of other lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wjsh to com-
plicate this matter with the five per cent, fund,
with which it has nothing to do. The land
was granted by the act of 1888 to the then Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin to make this improve-
ment, and it was provided in the act that that
land should go to the State when the State
should be admitted into the Union, and it was
provided further:
"That the State of Wisconsin shall be held respon-
sible to the United States, and for the.pnyment into
tb« Treasury thereof, of the amount of all moneys
received upon the sale of the whole or any part of
said land, at the price atwhich thesamcshallbe sold,
not less than £2 50 per acre, if the said main canal
shall no Mm commenced witfeiu three years and com-
pleted within ton years, pursuant to the provisions of
the act creating said canal corporation."
What, was that? That the State of Wiscon-
sin should be held responsible for these lands
provided the canal was not commenced and
completed within a certain period. The canal
was not commenced and completed within that
period, it is admitted. The State of Wiscon-
sin is held responsible for the lands. What
then? She does not want to pay for them. j
Mr. HOWE. I will just ask my friend to !
read the.following section of the act of 188S
and he will see why we maintain that the State
was not liable. Read the sixth section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The sixth section is the
one I have just read. Do you want me to read
the seventh section ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, read the seventh.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The seventh section is:
" That in order to render effectual the provisions
of this act the Legislature of the State to be erectwd
or admitted out, of the territory now comprised in
Wisconsin Territory, east of the Mississippi, shall
give their assent to the same by act to be duly passed."
I do not know what that has to do with it:
perhaps the Senator will show. They accepted
the lands; they did not complete- the work.
What then? They are responsible to the Gov-
ernment for this monej'. They do not want
to pay it. They get into a difficulty with their
canal company and they come to Congress and
ask Congress to settle it, and the Senator from
Indiana here gravely rises and says, "Congress
is the proper body to enter into a judicial in-
vestigation. to resolve itself into a court of
chancery to inquire how this canal company
expended their money and settle it upon equi-
table principles." We grant a tract of land to
a State to make an improvement on condition
that the Sbrte shail pay us for the land if the
improvement is not made. Tho improvement
fails, and the State modestly comes here and
says, "The company we contracted with did
not do it, and now we want you to settle be-
tween us and them and resolve yourselves into
a court and hear the testimony and make a
decree.'' Do you not t.'nink we are a compe-
tent body to do that? " We understand all
about it." Well, but the Senator says we
have committed ourselves to do that. It is
trne that two years ago we passed a resolution
that we would undertake to make this settle-
ment ; that is, we authorized the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to do it. Now I
will refer to that law. It is entitled. "A reso-
lution for the relief of the State of Wisconsin
and what is it?
"That the Secretary of the Department of the In-
terior shall, in adjusting the amount due the State
of Wiscousiu under existing lawg.nsfive percent,
of the net proceeds of salwsof the public lands within
her limits, estimate and charge against her tho valuo
of the one hundred and twenty-five thousand four
hundred and thirty-one and eighty-two one-hun-
dredths acres of land granted to the Territory of
Wisconsin to aid in tho construction of the Mil-
waukee and Rock River canal, which have been sold
by said Territory or said State at SI 25 per acre,
and as much moro astheTerritory and State received
upon the same upon the sales of any part thereof at
a higher pricc, and sli-all credit said Stato-with the j
amount that has been legally and properly applied !
by said State or Territory toward the cost of selling
said land and toward the construction of said canal.
And the said Secretary shall also settle and allow to
the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company"—
Now, the Government of the United States
undertakes to settle with that company. What
have wc got to do with that company? We
undertook to settle it and we have got into 1
this difficulty about it; a matter that I do not
think Congress was ever competent to settle,
but we undertook to settle it.
"And tho said Secretary shall also settle and allow
to the Milwaukee and Bock River Canal Company
such sums of money as have been properly expended
by said company"—
We are to decide that here to-day what has
been '' properly expended.'' We are the chan-
cellors to determine that question. Have yvj
the evidence before you, Senators, to know
whether this money was properly expended,
whether it was judicious? I will read in a
moment some of the disputed items that you
may see—
" properly expended by said company in tho survey
andlocation of said canal, in the construeti«a thereof,
as far as the same has been constructed, together
with dams, locks, and si aek-water navigation, and in
the management and keeping tho same in repair;
and the same shall be paid to thosaid canal company
out of any money in the Treasury sot otherwise
appropriated."
Now we are going to pay money to the canal
company ont of the Treasury of the United
States under this resolution—
"not exceeding in amount, however, the.balance
charged against the State of Wisconsin."
The second section provides:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be, and he is hereby, appointed Commissioner to
adjust the accounts herein provided for, under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior, and to
determine what snm shall be charged to said State
of Wisconsin for the lands granted for the construc-
tion of said canal, and what sums shall bo crodited
respectively to said State and to said company for
the moneys expended by them in tho construction
of said locks and canal, as herein provided."
There is your court. The Commissioner of
the Land Office, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, is constituted a court
to determine what sums should be allowed.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office,
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, has carefully examined and determined
what sums shall be allowed, and they appeal
from the decision of the tribunal erected at
their own instance for the relief of the Stslo
of Wisconsin and come here now to this Sen-
ate and ask you to overturn the judgment of
the tribunal that was created to settle the claim
at their own instance. Are you prepared to
do it? I ask you, Senators, if you are prepared
to do it. Are you prepared to say that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office de-
cided wrong? that the Secretary of the Interior
decided wrong? What evidence have you got
to predicate it upon? There is no report
accompanying this resolution. Tell me now
upon what you are going to vote $25,000 out
of the Treasury, as it is said; but I will show
you in a momentthe claim is $77,133 00, when
we come to get the papers. That is tho claim.
On what ground are you going to vote that
the Commissioner has decided wrong and that
the Secretary of thelnterior has decided wrong?
You must do it on the ground that yon, as a
court of appeals, have looked into the testi-
mony, have seen what was properly expended,
and "have become satisfied that the tribunal
created at the instance of Wisconsin has done
injustice. As I said before, I think we are a
very poor tribunal to do that.
But if we must decide it, let us see now
what the points of difference are. Hero is
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, approved by the Secretary of the
Interior, in which he states that he has ex-
amined and adjusted an account between the
United States and the Milwaukee and Rock
River Canal Company under the resolution
which I have just read for the relief of the
State of Wisconsin. He goes on to charge
them with the lands, and credits the canal com-
pany with the moneys they expended, and then
he makes up this statement of the difference.
I wish every Senator would take this paper and
read it. What is the first item ? He has allowed
$70,492 77; the company claims $153,025 86,
leaving a difference of seventy-seven thousand
and odd dollars ; and this difference consists
in these items:
"The amounts chargcd on account of expenditure
for repairs, subsequent to tho (fate ef tho rcsoltt-
