1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
proper it might be as applied in the case of a
debtor, it surely must be applied to the cred-
itor in order to make it anything like equal.
I think it would be but proper to make the
creditor in a case of involuntary bankruptcy,
to which the Senator says he does not intend
his amendment to apply, take the oath. Other-
wise you enable rebel creditors to push to
bankruptcy a fellow rebel and even a loyal
debtor without taking the oath. The Senator,
I understand, does not propose to require the
rebel creditor to take the oath even when he
pushes to bankruptcy a loyal man.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to my friend. I have moved thisprop-
osition with reference to voluntary bankruptcy.
The Senator of course can move his proposi-
tion when mine has been acted upon. The
proposition which he makes now would not come
in the place where mine is moved; it would
come in another part of the bill. Let the Sen-
ator move bis proposition, and I shall be ready
to act upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I merely desired, not
to offer the proposition, but to know to what
extent the Senator wished to carry his amend-
ment. It seems to me that in cases of volun-
tary bankruptcy, if it is applicable to the
debtor, it ought to be to the creditor, and that
no creditor should be permitted to prove his
claim unless he takes the test oath. The
Senate will see at once that if the two prop-
ositions together be carried in the southern
States, so far as debts are confined to the
southern States, it would be utterly impossi-
ble to get a case of voluntary bankruptcy
under the act. I misunderstood the Senator
in reply to a question propounded by the Sen-
ator from Maryland as to his desire to make
the requirement apply to a case of involuntary
bankruptcy. I understood him to say that he
did not propose to make it obligatory upon
the debtor in a ease of involuntary bankruptcy
before he obtained a discharge to take the
test oath. In that view, both in regard to
voluntary and involuntary bankruptcy, the
adoption of this proposition would work very
harshly indeed. I cannot therefore consent
to vote for it.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say just this upon
the pending proposition : if I regarded this act
as the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Michigan seem to regard it, as a
private act for the relief of individual debtors
from the obligation of their debts, then I
should agree with the Senator from Massachu-
setts that rebels ought to be excluded from
the benefits of the act; and I should think
that thieves and murderers and all other crim-
inals ought to be excluded from the act, and T
should think that the debtors themselves ought
to be excluded from the act, and I should be
opposed to the act. But I do not understand
that to be the nature or the purpose of the
bill. I understand it to be, not a private law
but a public law, not a law administering the
public charities of the nation or the clemency
of the nation to anybody in the world, but a
law declaring that upon grounds of public
policy, not upon grounds of public charity, it
is better that the estates of certain debtors in-
solvent should be taken possession of by the
courts, should be administered for the benefit
of all their creditors, and then that the in-
debtedness of the individual should be at an
end. If it be a matter of public policy that
that should be done with reference to one
debtor, it is a requirement of public policy
that it should be done with reference to every
other debtor, whether he be guilty or inno-
cent, whether he has committed one crime
or another or no crime at all.
And as I understand that to be the purpose
of the bill I shall vote against this amendment,
with no view of encouraging rebels to cease
to be rebels. I agree with the Senator from
Maine that there are undoubtedly a great many
down in these southern districts who did not
enter into the great rebellion voluntarily. But
there are none down there who cannot come
out of the guilt of the rebellion voluntarily;
39th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 64,
there is nobody compelling them to sthy in
rebellion, and therefore I am not for encour-
aging them to come out any further than we
have. We have dealt very generously and mag-
nanimously with them I think heretofore. I
do not think we have anything to do with the
question of crime in the enactment of this law.
It is a matter which the people of the United
States demand, which the public demand, for
the public good and not for individuals.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Fogg, Fowler,
Howard, Lane, Pomeroy, Sumner, Wade, and Wil-
son—10.
NAY S—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Conness, Cowan,
Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden„lroster,
Harris, Henderson,Hendricks,llowe, Johnson,Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Poland,
Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Van
Winkle. Willey, Williams, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—MesM-s. Anthony. CattoII, Crcswcll, IYe-
lingliuyscn, Grimes, Guthrie, McDougall, Nesmitli,
Nye, Riddle, Sprague.and Trumbull—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend section
ten, which is the section authorizing the Chief
Justice and two associates to frame rules.
The Supreme Court will bo in session in the
spring, have an adjourned term, and I move to
amend the section by striking out the word
"chief" in the first line, then changing the
word "justice,'' in the second line, to "just-
ices," and after the words "United States,"
in the same line, striking out the words " with
the assistance of any two of the associate
justices of the Supreme Court, to be selected
by said justice;" so that the section will read:
That the justices ofthe Supreme Court of the
United Slate*. and subject to the piovisions of this
act, shall frame genera) orders for the following pur-
poses, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I hope we shall now be
allowed to get a vote on the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso in the same section in which
the proviso offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was proposed to be inserted ; it is to
come in after the word " bankrupt" on page
13, section eleven, line thirty-one :
Provided, That all citizens of the United States
petitioning to be dcclaied bankrupt, shall, on filing
such petition and before any piooeoding;- thereon,
take and sub-scribe an oath of allegiance and fidelity
to the United States; which oath shall be filed and
recorded with the proceedings in bankruptcy.
The object of this amendment is to apply to
these persons who have been rebels and who
still ought to be entitled to petition in bank-
ruptcy if they are willing to return to thei r
allegiance. The Government has so far always
required when any of those persons have been
admitted to rights of citizenship again a frcsli
oath of allegiance, because the fact is well
known that in most cases they have taken an
oath of hostility, that is an oath in favor of the
confederacy. The simple effect of this amend-
ment is to require every citizen who is to take
the benefit of the act to readhere, if he has
been a rebel, to the United States. I am sure
there can be no objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I un-
derstand the amendment. Is it made to apply
to all persons who may seek the benefit of the
act, or only to citizens 
Mr. EDMUNDS. All citizens of the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the ameudment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON". On page 12, section
eleven, line four, I move to strike out "three
hundred" and to insert "one thousand;" so
as to read:
That if any person residing within the jurisdiction
of the United States, owing debts provable under this
act exceeding theamountof $1,000, shall apply by pe-
tition, &c.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me this amend-
ment ought not to be adopted. There is a
very large class of debtors who owe less than
$1,000 who have no means of paying, whose
condition requires the aid of a bankrupt law as
much as those who owe larger amounts. It
would operate as a very great hardship upon a
very large class of persons, who are intended
to be benefited and relieved by the provisions
of this act, to have it limited to those whose
debts were more than $1,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offered the amend-
ment in good faith, supposing that thebill is to
become/t law. I apprehend from the votes we
have had in the Senate that it is a foregone
conclusion that the bill is to be adopted. If
it is to be, I think it would remove many ob-
jections that will be presented in its operation
to confine it at least to amounts of SI,000 and
over. I am clearly satisfied that §300 will not
more than pay the expenses attending a bank-
rupt certificate, and it only opens the door, as
I stated yesterday, for individuals to petition
the courts for the relief granted under the bill,
and to obtain that relief by making distribution
of their property to the officers of the court.
It will amount to that; and much objection
will be made to the bill in consequence of that
fact.
There was a limitation under the law of
1800, ,1 believe, to §500, and a limitation under
the law of 1841. If I remember aright, no
person could bo driven to bankruptcy under
the act of 1811 unless he was a trader and
unless he owed $2,000. Under this bill, as I
understand it, an individual can be driven to
bankruptcy for a debt of $2 j0. Some of his
creditors, small creditors, may drive him into
bankruptcy and cause his assets to be entirely
eaten up in the costs of the proceeding. He
may give his assets over to the officers of the
court, and after the creditors have been denied
all benefit of the assets he may obtain a certifi-
cate. I am satisfied that it will operate badly,
I am satisfied that if the bill becomes a law in
that shape it will receive, and justly receive,
many comments on its improper character
upon this point.
I do not sec, unless the party gives his prop-
erty to his creditors, that the law is to work
any benefit at all. Debtors owing a smaller
amount than $1,000 can generally make an
arrangement with their creditors just as good
as can be obtained under this law. To pass it
in this shape, turn over the property to the
courts, let it be entirely destroyed in this way,
without the creditors being benefited, is I
think highly improper. I have offered the
amendment in good faith, and desire that it
shall be adopted if the bill is to be passed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOGG. I move to insert $500 instead
of $300 in that clause.
Mr. POLAND. I desire merely to say that
in the English system of bankruptcy, which is
the one we fashion after more than any other,
the one we know the most about, the one that
has been longest in operation, where they have
had the benefit of more experience than any-
where else, the sum is still smaller than that
named in this bill. Fifty pounds is the limit in
the English bankrupt laws. It seeqis to me
there can be no harm in leaving this amount
where the House left it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator if the English laws allow voluntary
bankruptcy at all ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. HENDEKSON. I was under the im-
pression that they did not. They did not until
the last few years I am satisfied, unless it was
by the act of 1849 or since that time. Before
that I am sure under the English laws there
was no such thing as voluntary bankruptcy.
Mr. POLAND. It is in full operation there
now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a very recent act,
then.
Mr. FOGG called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, 1 oster,
Harris, Henderson, Howaid, Howe, Johnson, Mor-
rill, Ramsey, Sherman, and Williams—19.
