1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Hendricks, Kirkwood,
Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, Po-
land, Porfieroy, Ross, Sanlsbury, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Fowler, Erclinghuysen, Grimes,
Guthrie, Nesmith, Nye, Riddle, and Sprague—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
■will take the question on the amendments col-
lectively unless some Senator asks for a sep-
arate vote on some particular amendment. Is
any amendment excepted?
Mr. SUMNER. I except the one on page 46.
Mr. GRIMES. That was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I understandmy colleague's
amendment was not agreed to, but the com-
mittee's amendment was agreed to; words were
struck out on page 40. It is at the bottom of
page 4G, line ten to line seventeen of section
thirty-three. The committee's amendment to
strike out was agreed to. I wish to have an-
other vote on that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be excepted. Is any other amendment asked
to be excepted? The question, then, will be
on the residue of the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
The Secretary read the excepted amend-
ment, which was on page 46, section thirty-
three, line-ten, after the word "otherwise" to
strike out the following words:
And in all proceedings in bankruptcy commenced
after one year from the time this act shall go into
operation no discharge shall be pranted to a debtor
whoso assets do not pay lifty per cent, of the claims
against his estate, unless the assent in writing of a
majority, in number and value, of liis creditors who
have proved their claims is filed in tho caso at or
before tho time of application for discharge.
Mr. SUMNER. On concurring in that
amendment I should like to have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLAND. In relation to that amend-
ment I have merely to say that the committee
had this bill under consideration, and they were
entirely unable to see any reason for making
this distinction: why tho assent of a majority
of tho creditors should bo required to a dis-
charge when the proceeding was commenced
more than a year after the passage of this act,
when it was not iu case tho proceedings were
commenccd within tho year. If the Senator
from Massachusetts can give any reason bo
can give what wo were not able to discover.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to mo that there
is a very plain reason. Tho reason is this:
within the year persons who are now bank-
rupts will have an opportunity to commence
proceedings ; after a year's time the provision
will apply to persons who are not now in a
condition of bankruptcy; and I think the dis-
tinction a good one and one that ought to ex-
ist. I think it will be much safer for tho law
itself and for the community that it shall exist,
because, that being the law, persons engaged in
business will bo loss reckless, more careful of
their affairs, finding that they cannot be dis-
charged without paying something to their cred-
itors. This bill applies to men who are already
bankrupt, and you allow it to apply to them for
a year, and that whole class of men can enter
their cases, and then you begin again. The
men who are not when the bill passes and for
one year are not in a condition of bankruptcy,
but aiter that time become so, are required to
pay fifty cents on the dollar, or have the assent
of a majority of the creditors in number and
amount. I believe it does no injustice to men
who are now in a condition of bankruptcy, but
applies to operations commenced a year hence.
We have tried that experiment for a quarter
of a century in Massachusetts and it works
well. Ninety-nine out of every hundred honest
men get their discharges without any trouble,
whatever they may pay generally. The effect
of it is to check wild and reckless operations,
to make men more careful in their business
affairs, and therefore it is much safer for the
great mass of the community. We are to let
off now all who are bankrupt; and I know men
to-day who ride in their carriages with money
covered up who are to be released by this bill,
whose creditors, reduced from abundance to
poverty, arc toiling for day wages—men among
my neighbors and friends. There is quite as
much suffering in that direction as there is in
the other; but this releases the whole class of
bankrupts in the country to-day, and applies
only to men who shall enter their cases a year
hence. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. There is always a diffi-
culty when you undertake to regulate a general
principle by an individual case. The Senator
tells us that he knows of some cases 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator does not
undertake to say that because I mentioned a
particular ease I therefore govern my acti'on
on this subject by that ease. It is the principle
we are adopting, and it was only to illustrate it
that I referred to the case of particular men.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
had heard mo out he would have understood
that there was nothing iiij my allusion that
would misrepresent or misplace him. I said
that there was always a difficulty where we
undertook to try a general principle by an in-
dividual case. Is there any objection to that
form of illustration by the Senator? The Sen-
ator stated that ho knew of cases where injustice
would result if this provision was not retained
as it occurs in the bill originally.
Now, Mr. President, my objection to retain-
ing the provision is, that it is in violation of the
very purpose of the act, the purpose sought to
bo obtained by its passage; namely, it proposes
that the bankrupt shall not be released unless
his creditors consent in certain cases.
If that is to be the case you may as well not
pass this law ; you gain by it nothing but that
a man who is able to pay fifty cents on the
dollar of his indebtedness may be released; but
if he is unable to pay that and his creditors
will not consent, ho may not bo released, and
therefore, so far as he is concerned, he cannot
have the benefit of this act. Well, sir, I appre-
hend that that would go to the uniformity of
the act or the operation of the act. If there
may bo eases where persons may obtain by
fraudulent proceedings a discharge from their
obligations under this act, it is our business as
law-makers to so fashion the law that that may
bo prevented ; but we must not go to the viola-
tion of tho very principle of the act we pass for
the purpose ofdefending the community against
injustice of the class spoken of.
I hope, Mr. President, that this course will
not be taken, and that the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole will bo atlirmatively
voted by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
asked if there was any good reason for this
clause which I have moved to retain. I reply
to him very easily: there is a reason, and the
reason is found in the first place in the reason
of the thing, and in the second place in expe-
rience. In the first place, in the reason of the
thing, my colleague has already explained
that; he has shown the essential equity of the
proposition. Can any one show the contrary?
The proposition is, that no discharge shall be
granted to a debtor whose assets do not pay
fifty per cent, of the claims against his estate
unless the assent in writing of a majority, both
in number and in value, of his creditors is filed
in the caso before the discharge. Is not that
equity? Does it present any serious embar-
rassment to an honest debtor? I submit not.
If his estate fails to pay fifty per cent., then
there is the other condition that a majority of
his creditors-may make the concession of his
discharge.
And is it possible to suppose that if a debtor
is honest the majority of his creditors will not
make the concession of a discharge? I sub-
mit that there can be no doubt on that point,
therefore the proposition is reasonable in itself.
Then I say it is also sustained by experience.
Remember the oft-quoted saying of Patrick
Henry, when he exclaimed that he had but one
lamp by which his feet were guided, and that
was the lamp of experience. Now, a Massa-,
chusetts Senator may be pardoned for inclining
to this cause, following simply the lamp of
experience. In the State of Massachusetts we
have a well-considered bankrupt system, in
which this principle has obtained a place. It
has been found to work well. _ The experience
of Massachusetts is therefore in its favor.
I conclude, then, that you have on the side
of this proposition both reason and experience.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to amend the
proposition by omitting the words "com-
menced after one year from the time this act
shall go in operation," in the eleventh and
twelfth lines. I move to amend the text by
striking out these words before the vote is
taken upon the amendment made in committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an
amendment to the amendment tne Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to stiike out the
"words named by him.
Mr. POLAND. This is precisely the prop-
osition that has been made once before in
committee at least, and two or three times in
substance; that is, to make tho discharge of
the debtor in all eases depend upon the assent
of the creditors. It has been voted down three
or four times.
In relation to the proposition to strike out
this part of the section the committee reported
in favor of striking it out because they were
unable to see any reason for it, and I have
hardly heard any, oxcept tho Senators from
Massachusetts say that they have such a pro-
vision iu their State and it has worked well,
and they have had it for many years. My
friend from Massachusetts seems to suppose
that there is to be a different state of things
after the passage of this bankrupt law; busi-
ness is going to be done upon a different prin-
ciple; men are not going to be likely to fail
and become bankrupts, as they have been here-
tofore. I expect no such thing. I suppose the
world will go on very much the same; trade
will go; men will be unfortunate; men will
fail after the passage of this bankrupt law, as
tlicy have done before. Why a man who be-
comes a bankrupt after the passage of this law
and has occasion to apply for the benefits of
it should stand upon any different principle,
why any different rule should be applied to
him, why he should not bo entitled to his dis-
charge upon precisely the same ground as tho
man who has already become bankrupt before
the passage of the law or within one year after
its passage, is more than the committee were
able to see, and more than I am able to see,
with all the light that has been cast upon it by
both the Senators from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I made this motion for
the very reason just stated by tho Senator
from Vermont, that I can see no reason for
applying a different rule to applicants who
may eotne into court after the 1st of March
say of next year and those who may come
into court during the one year which will
elapse from the passage of this law. If there
be any reason for the discrimination based
upon time I have failed to perceive it. If my
amendment prevails, then the question will
come up generally as to all applicants, whether
the consent of a majority of the creditors shall
be required for their discharge or not, and we
can get a distinct and fair vote on that propo-
sition.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment, and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is to
strike out?
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment is to
strike out the clause, and those who are in
favor of striking out the clause will therefore
vote "yea."
