246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
tion, and consequently in no way can be held to fall
within its scope—twenty-nine hundred and odd
dollars."
It was right certainly to disallow that. X
will, not read all these items, bat I will read
another:
" Account charged January II, 1855, as doe and
payable to D. H. Richards, special agent of the com-
pany, for general management of thecompany busi-
ness. Disallowed, because for the same period Mr.
Richards was paid periodically a stipulated salary as
president and superintendent for a large portion of
the time, was also allowed and paid for extra services
from time to time, traveling and other expense in-
curred, all of which were no doubt intended to com-
plete his full compensation. This is not, then, a
proper expenditure under the terms of the resolu-
tion, having been wholly unknown to Congress when
the matter was under consideration, it not having
appeared in the accounts of the company until after
tne resolution of July 1."
Are you prepared, Senators, to vote to have
that paid? There is a claim of $11,174 for
extra pay for managing this business by a man
who has been paid a stipulated salary all the
time, and also extra compensation for mile-
age and traveling. Your Commissioner disal-
lowed it.
Mr. HOWE. We do not ask for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not ask for it?
You did ask for it.
Mr. HOWE. We never asked for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in your account.
Mr. HOWE. Not our account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The account presented
to the tribunal created at your instance and
sent finally here.
Mr. HOWE. Not at our instance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
who presented the account if you did not.
Mr. HOWE. The canal company.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Well, it is the canal
company that wants this money; it is the canal
company that is after it.
Mr. HOWE. Not the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
State of Wisconsin is being dragged into it.
Now, if the State of Wisconsin wants to pay
the canal company 811,000 or any other sum
for the services of this Mr. Richards, about
whom I know nothing—he may be entitled to
it for aught I know—let the State of Wiscon-
sin do it. Then comes this interest item; let
me read it.
"The fifth item in this account is the amount
charged on account of sums paid out from time to
time by tho company for interest. Disallowed, be-
cause interest forms no part of the cost of the sur-
vey''—
Do you think it does?
" Disallowed because interest forms no part of the
cost of the survey, location, construction, or manage-
ment of any such public work, and is never charged
in these accounts, the same being a liability of tho
company and not an expenditure on the work. Its
Payment is not provided for in the resolution, and is
against the policy of the Government and Congress,
unless expressly provided for in the statute."
That item amounts to $21,000, and it was very
properly disallowed in my judgment.
There is this case. I do not think we ought
to open it, but if it is to be opened anywhere
let it be opened in the Court of Claims. If
this is a just claim let it be referred there; I
should have no objection to that course. Let
it go to the Court of Claims and if, under the
resolution we have already passed, whereby
Congress undertook to settle this matter, this
company or the State of Wisconsin is entitled
to this money, let them have it. Tho amount
of the claim here, as I have stated, is some
$77,000. The resolution does not state the
amount that is to be allowed, but it provides
that it shall not exceed the value of the lands,
and by a computation I understand that will
reduce it to about twenty-four or twenty-five
thousand dollars. I have not made the compu-
tation, but the Senator from Wisconsin says that
the extent of the claim will not exceed $25,000.
I think that it ought to be stated in the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOWE. Twenty-four thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it should be
Stated in the resolution, if it is to pass, that the
amount shall not exceed that; but I trust wo
shall either refer it to the Court of Claims or
refuse to pags it. I shall take up no more time
with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am al-
ways unwilling to differ with my friend, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and it
was with deep regret that I was compelled to
differ with him when this subject was before
the committee and the resolution which he pro-
poses to have reconsidered was recommended.
The amount which he mentions as calculated
to awaken the attention of the Senate, $77,000,
is not now the question before us. The balance
of the proceeds of the lands (which alone is to
be used for the purpose of meeting this claim
of the canal company) in the Treasury is only
some twenty-four or twenty-five thousand dol
lars. The limitation in the original resolution
was that the allowance should not exceed that
amount. The same limitation is to be found
in the resolution which we passed at the last
session. If, therefore, the resolution should not
be reconsidered,«all that could be paid to the
canal company would be the balance in the
Treasury, which as I have said does not exceed
twenty-four or twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will come for the
rest afterward, I suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend now proposes
to remit it to the Court of Claims. The result
of that might be, and would be, if the claim
be a just one, that instead of having to pay
$25,000 we should have to pay $77,000, pro-
vided the Court of Claims thought the claim
was a just one. But I wonder that the hon-
orable member did not see that the argument
against interfering with the claim now founded
upon the fact that it had been passed upon by
a tribunal constituted by Congress for the very
purpose of acting finally is equally powerful
against the suggestion to refer it to the Court
of Claims; but there is nothing, as I think,
with due deference to the member, in his sug-
gestion. We are just as competent as the
Court of Claims to pass upon a legal question,
that legal question simply being the construc-
tion of a resolution which we have antece-
dently passed.
Whether that resolution does or does not
entitle these claimants to this fund depends
upon the meaning of that resolution. That
meaning is in no manner to be affected by any
fact about which there is any dispute. It has
not been denied, and is not now denied, that
it was the duty of the Territory in the first
instance, and of the State in the second, to
contribute out of the fund in question toward
the construction of the canal. That they de-
clined to do. It was not denied then, and can-
not be denied now, that it was the duty of the
company to construct the canal, and it being
their duty to construct it it was of course a
part of their duty to get the means with which
to construct it. The means supplied by Con-
gress were the proceeds of these lands. Those
means were placed in the hands, first of tho
Territory, and then of the State, and each of
them in their order was directed to pay over
as much as might be necessary to the canal
company to enable the company to complete
the canal. Thatthey refused to do. Now, as
between individuals, I should suppose there
would be no doubt that this would be the law
when they came to adjust the transaction as
between themselves: A has placed in his hands
by his principal a sum of money to be held in
trust for B to enable B to transact a certain
business; A keeps the money; B being obliged
to do the business for which the trust is created,
uses his own money, or he goes into the mar-
ket and borrows, and in either case he is, as
between himself and A, entitled to be paid
interest; if he uses his own money, because he
allows the use of that money which is interest
and compensated for only in the way of interest;
if he borrows, he is to be paid the interest
because he has been compelled himself to pay
the amount of interest; and I suppose no judi-
cial or other tribunal of auy description would
hesitate to say that when the account came to
be settled between A and B it would be right
to charge as against A the iuterest which B
had been compelled to pay because of A's
default, and that it would be the right of the
principal from whom the fond came, by whom
it was placed in the hands of A for the specific
purpose, to call on this trustee of his to per-
form his trust, to pay over the money, if it was
in his hands, if he had not paid anything, or to
indemnify the cestui que trust if the cestui que
trust had sustained loss because of A's default.
That is just this case, exactly this case.
There was conveyed to the State of Wiscon-
sin a large number of acres of public land out
of which Wisconsin was allowed a five per
cent. fund. Afterward, at her own instance,
it was agreed that that should be disposed of
either for the use of schools or for the con-
struction of internal improvements. The lands
were sold and the money came, according to
the trust, into the possession of the Treasury,
and there it was in 1864. The United States
refused to pay over the whole amount because
as she said she had a right to charge as against
Wisconsin certain disbursements which Wis-
consin herself should have met when the ne-
cessity for making them occurred. We there-
fore directed, with the consent of Wisconsin,
that the Interior Department should settle tho
account, and provided that it should charge
the State with the whole amount of the sales
of these lands and credit the State with what-
ever sum she might be entitled to in the way
of credit as against that fund; but that was
not all. There was as against the fund another
claim which, in the judgment of Congress, it
was but just should be taken into consideration,
in making the adjustment as between the State
and the United States. That other claim was
the amount the canal company had been com-
pelled to expend, in consequence of being
forced to borrow money, in the payment of
interest upon the loans; and we directedthere-
fore, not that any extra compensation paid to
officers of the company, which the honorable
member mentioned just now and got from the
claim as it stood before the Land Offiee, bat
that the amount of interest which the company
had been compelled to pay should be first paid
out of the fund in the hands of the Treasury
before anything was paid to the State of Wis-
consin.
It seems to me that we are just as competent
to decide the question which the resolution pre-
sents as any other tribunal, and that it is clearly
just and right that the amount of this claim
should be allowed as it is allowed by the reso-
lution we have already passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, in rela-
tion to the claim I will briefly state according
to my recollection how the case has stood from
time to time. This land was granted to the
Territory of Wisconsin, it is true, to aid this
company in the construction of this canal.
After a little time the canal project was aban-
doned by the Territory as a chimera, a thing
that was impossible to be done, and the whole
project failed. But the company claimed to
hold against the Territory of Wisconsin a claim,
for the amount of money whichithad expended
in the prosecution of the work as far as it had
progressed. That claim was pending before I
became a citizen of Wisconsin, and has been
pending probably for more than twenty years.
On my entering the Senate I found that the
United States Treasury, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, refused to pay
over to the State of Wisconsin the five per cent,
to which it was entitled of the proceeds of the
sales of public lands within the State. There
was a large sum of money retained in the Treas-
ury of the United States which belonged to the
State of Wisconsin which the State of Wiscon-
sin steadily struggled during a course of years
to obtain, but struggled in vain. The reason
was that this canal company claimed to be one
of three parties to an arrangement which in-
volved not only the State of Wisconsin but the
United States, tho United States having made
tho grant, and made the Territory in the first
instance the trustee of the grant, and, upon
the admission of the State of Wisconsin into
the Union, made the State take the place of
