1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the ques-
tion is whether we shall concur in the amend-
ment made in the Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then those who are in
favor of the amendment striking out will vote
"yea."
Mr. SUMNER. Those who are in favor of
retainirg the provision will of course vote
"nay;" that is, they will vote against the
amendment of the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 81, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conness,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittlo, Edmunds, Fessenden, Har-
ris, Ilendrieks, Howard, Ilowe, Johnson, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, \Vrade, W'illey, Williams, and
Yates—31.
NA"i'S —Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cragin, Fogg,
Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Lane, Sumner, and Wil-
' son—10.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Creswoll,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Kirkwood, Nesmith,
Nye, Kiddle, and Sprague—11.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the amendments
made by the committee are disposed of, I have
one amendment to suggest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate and still open to amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment's to
strike out what was proposed by the Judiciary
Committee to be stricken out on page 4, sec-
tion three, commencing in the fourth lino:
Upon tho nomination and recommendation of the
Chief Justice of the Supremo Court of the United
States.
So that the soetion will read:
That it shall bo the duty of the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States within and for the
several districts to appoint in each congressional dis-
trict in said districts one or more registers in bank-
ruptcy, &c.
These registers will be very important offi-
ceis and they ought to be selected by some
person who knows them personally. The re-
gister ought to bean honest man, and he ought
to lie a good business man. 1 do not know
that it will be necessary that lie should in all
cases bo a lawyer ; but he should be selected
by some person who knows him personally, lie-
cause he has very much to do with the adjudi-
cation. He aids the judge in all proceedings
in bankruptcy. In other words, lie is an offi-
cer of the court, and I think he ought to be
appointed by the court. As the bill now
stands, the district judge is to appoint the re-
gister, but he can only appoint some one who is
nominated by the Chief Justice. 1 submit to
Senators that if they desire to make this a good
bill that provision ought not to be in it. Take
the State of Indiana. The present Chief Jus-
tice at ono time lived in an adjoining State;
but is he presumed to know who will make
good registers in the different congressional
districts? Is he presumed to be as well ac-
quainted with the lawyers of Indiana as the
judge of the district court? Take the State of
California. Will any Senator say that the
Chief Justice can know who is a suitable man
to nominate for register in that State. If the
Chief Justice is to nominate, in nearly every
case he must do it upon the recommendation
of other persons; so that these nominations
will come to be politicalnominations.
I do not want to discuss this, but I feel an
interest in this feature of the bill that it shall
be made right. Polities has nothing to do with
my view of the subject at all; for both the dis-
trict and circuit judge in Indiana differ with me
in polities. Both were appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln, and both, I believe, at least the district
judge, as I understand, sustains the policy of
Congress ; but I know that he will make good
selections of registers; and he is acquainted
with the lawyers of the State ; he is acquainted
with the business men. These appointments
ought to be made by the district jud^e, for the
register is an officer under the district judge.
Suppose the register proves himself to be unfit
forthe place or unfaithful in the discharge of his
duties, ought not the district judge to remove
him at once? And yet he cannot do it if he
is to depend upon the pleasure of the Chief
Justice.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concur with the honor-
able member from Indiana that it would be
exceedingly injudicious to retain this provision
in the bill. We have a district court in Ore-
gon, a district court in California, at an im-
mense distance from the Chief Justice. It is
impossible for him to know the lawyers in
Oregon or the lawyers in California, such of
them as would be likely to be selected.
But it occurs to mo there is a constitutional
difficulty in this provision. The Constitution
provides that all officers whose appointments
are mentioned iu the Constitution shall be
appointed upon the nomination of the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, but that Congress may with refer-
ence to other officers vest the appointment in
a head of a Department or in a court. There
is no authority to vest it in any individual
member of a court; but this clause, so far
from vesting the appointment in tho courts who
are mentioned in the section, gives them mere-
ly a negative upon the nomination of the Chief
Justice. It makes him as much a constituent
part of the nominating power as the President
is in the cases in which the President, by the
Constitution, is to nominate, and the appoint-
ment is to be made by him only with the ad-
vice and consent of tho Senate.
I am opposed to it, therefore, because I
think it is perhaps liable to that constitutional
objection; but principally because the duty
itself is one which, in my judgment, the court
is much more able to perform than the Chief
Justice of the United States can be. If he is
situated here, or wherever may be his locality,
he docs not go into the circuits, except in his
own circuit; he has no knowledge at all of the
districts where these officers are to discharge
their functions, and he can only know upon
recommendations made to him at a distance ;
and very likely ■(although ho would not, I am
sure, tolerate it if he know it) it might be made
apolitical matter, to tho injury of the particular
service for which the officer was appointed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 intended when T rose
up to say that the amendment, which 1 now
propose was recommended by the Judiciary
Committee. It is the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WILLEY. I think there is a great deal
more in this proposition than the Senate per-
haps are aware or appear to think about it just
now, and I should be glad to attract the atten-
tion of Senators to it. 1 do not mean in regard
to whether better appointments can be made
by the district courts or by nomination of the
Chief Justice, although it seems to me very
evident that it would be exceedingly inconven-
ient on the part of the Chief Justice to make
nominations for these registers all over the
country. There is to be at least one register
in every congressional district. That would
involve the appointment of upward of two
hundred registers, and it might amount to three
hundred, because there maybe more registers
insome congressional districts than one. Now,
look how the thing would operate. Here is
the Chief Justice engaged in the discharge of
his duties. Here are two hundred and forty or
perhaps three hundred districts in which regis-
ters are to be appointed. There will be com-
petition for these offices no doubt, and hence
will come up a swarm of applicants or recom-
mendations to the Chief Justice of the United
States from two hundred and forty-one dis-
tricts in the United States, out of whom he
must make a selection of men with whom he
has no acquaintance whatever. What does he
know about the qualifications in California?
What would he know about the qualifications
of men in Maine? He must depend at last
upon the recommendations of others, and as
he would most likely depend upon the recom-
mendation of the district' courts, why not give
authority to the district courts to appoint their
own officers, for these are in some sense officers
of the district courts.
My friend from Indiana said that he did not
feel disposed to discuss the political aspects of
this question. Sir,^ there, it seems to me, is
the importance of it. No man has a higher
opinion of the present distinguished gentleman'
who presides over the Supreme Court of the
United States than I have,; no man would less
presume than I to.intimate that he could be
influenced by any improper feelings or consid-
erations ; but, sir, he is a man, subject to
human infirmities, subject to the influence of
human passions and motives. Besides, he is
not to live forever, and there will be a suc-
cessor. I ask Senators to reflect one moment
whether there is not danger in taking this first
step, for that is always the fatal step in a wrong
direction, whether there is not danger in doing
that which will bring, in the remotest degree,
political influences into contact with.the Su-
preme Court of the United States. It was the
object of our fathers in organizing our judicial
system to place that august tribunal as far as
possible from all these influences. Sir, are we
not instructed by tho agitation of the public
mind at this time, are we not instructed by the
newspapers, and by what I am pained to see,
harsh criticisms upon that court already for
leaning toward political influences, or at least
being subject to them in some degree, are we
not warned to do nothing which would bring
them directly in contact with political influ-
ences?
Sir. it is in vain to say that political influen-
ces will not be brought to bear upon these nom-
inations. It cannot be avoided. It will be
vain to attempt to escape bringing these polit-
ical influences to bear more or less upon the
Chief Justice in making these nominations.
This will be the first step. If we never make
it, there never will be any danger in that direc-
tion ; and inasmuch as, it seems to me, these
appointments can lie as well made, if" not bet-
ter made, by the district courts themselves, I
beseech Senators let us avoid this great danger
of invitingthc judiciary into the political arena,
or of bringing political influences iu any con-
tact with the Supreme Court.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 21;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittlo. Edmunds, Foster, Fowler, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McDougall, Norton,Patterson, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, and Willey—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown,Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Fessenden, Fogg, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Pomcroy, Ram-
sey, Sumner, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Creswoll, I'ro-
linghuysen, Guthrie, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Itiddle,
and Sprague—10.
So the amendment was rejected. .
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I intend to
vote against the bill as it now stands. I under-
stand from the best sources that the provision
on which we have voted this afternoon was
incorporated into the bill as a compromise,
and a great number of gentlemen voted for the
measure because it was regarded as a compro-
mise. I refer to the provision that has been
stricken out in regard to one year's time. By
that provision as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives all the present debtors in the coun-
try within a year could enter their cases and
obtain their discharges, and after that, persons
who become bankrupt in the country, as the
bill is to last, would be required to pay fifty
cents on the dollar, or obtain the assent of a
majority in number and amount of their credit-
ors, and after that a second or third or fourth
time they would have to pay seventy cents on
the dollar, or obtain a majority in number and
amount ol'their creditois.
Now, sir, we have stricken out this first pro-
vision to stand permanently in the country.
We tried that experiment once in my State.
We passed a bankrupt bill or an insolvent,^act;
men ran into debt and then took the benefit of
the insolvent act. We found the whole system
demoralizing both for debtor and creditor. \V e
changed it and required that the debtor shoulc
