1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March J,
SUSPENSION OP JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reminds the
House that by the joint rules no appropriation
bill or any other can be sent to the Senate
to-day or any subsequent day of this session
nor to the President on the last day of the
session. The Clerk will read the sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules.
The Clerk read as follows:
" JTo bill that shall have passed one House shall
be sont for concurrence to the other on either of the
three last days of the session.
"No joint resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives or the Senate shall be pre-
sented to the President of the United States for his
approbation on the last day of the session."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that those two
rules be suspended.
No objection being made, the foregoing rules
were suspended.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I can-
not see the justice or propriety of striking out
a part of this claim from the simple fact that
there is a friend here to advocate the claim of
one party. I understand the Interior Depart-
ment has produced the vouchers of the whole
amount of indebtedness that this is intended ]
to cover, and why a part of the debt shall be
paid and the balance rejected is a matter that
I cannot comprehend. I understand that one
part of the claim is just as good as the other,
and I hope we will pass it as it came from the
Interior Department.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am opposed to this
whole clause. It is inserted in violation of the
rules of the House. 1 know it is too late to take j
exception to it now, because exception is re-
quired to be made before the bill is referred to I
the Committee of the Whole. I know the
chairman of the committee holds the rules very
firmly, because I Went to him last session with
a very meritorious case, and although feeling
as kindly toward me as perhaps toward any-
body lie refused to put the appropriation in,
though it was put in afterward by the com-
mittee. Now, I think the rules ought to be
sustained, not only by the chairman of the com-
mittee, but by the whole committee. It is well
known that we do not ask these bills to be
read before they are referred to the Committee
of the Whole, and then it is too late to raise
objection. Therefore it is the more import-
ant that the committee should enforce the rule
so as to prevent mere claims being inserted in
this bill and insist that they should go where
other claims have to go, namely, to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague allow
me to say that the committee were doubtftil
whether this came within the rule.
Mr. DENNY. I hope the committee will
not strike this out. I happen to know some-
thing of the justice and necessity of it. I find
that vouchers are on file in the Department,
and I know, so far as the Territory of Wash-
ington is concerned, that the claim is just and
proper. I hope, therefore, this House will
not deny this appropriation. I do not propose
to say anything more on the subject, but simply
to appeal to the good sense and justice of the
committee to allow the appropriation.
Mr. KASSON. There is no disposition on
the part of the committee to refuse an ap-
propriation which they are satisfied is due.
The only objection they have tq this is that
there is no testimony on whieh they could act
showing that ^these expenditures, which pre-
vious appropriations did not provide for, were
necessary and that the amounts claimed were
justly due.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not see why we
should make an exception of this kind, and I
hope the precedent will not prevail here of
doing justice to a man who happens to have a
special friend on the floor and of doing in-
justice to one who does not happen to have
that good fortune. I hope the idea will be
established: that the man who is at home,
and has no special friend here, will get jus-
tice as well as if he were present or were rep-
resented here. It is agreed, I believe, on all
hands that the recommendation of the Depart-
ment covers the whole $40,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says that
this party has an advocate here. It is no
such thing—only this, that he produced vouch-
ers for the claim which left us beyond all
doubt as to the propriety of the claim. I
move that the committee rise to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 1227,
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, and for other-purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
resolve itself again into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph be
closed in two minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to take up the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the amendment of the Senate in
the nature of a substitute to House bill No.
1227, making appropriations and to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I think the committee
had better allow this appropriation of $40,000.
I have satisfied myself at the Interior Depart-
ment that these claims are justly due. They
have the vouchers there and want the appro-
priation. Now, if we strike out this clause
and simply put in the claim which I advocate,
I am satisfied that the Senate wilt strike it out
in consequence of the violation of the rule
alluded to by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. scofield.]
Again, I do not like to put an individual
claim in the bill to the exclusion of others
equally meritorious, and if this appropriation
of $40,000 is stricken out I do not wish this
claim inserted.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and concur in the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Scofield,] to strike out the whole
paragraph.
_ The question being on Mr. Scofield's mo-
tion,
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Scofield
and Henderson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 57. *
So the motion was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
informed the House that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
bill of the Senate No. 220, for the relief of cer-
tain contractors for the construction of "vessels-
of-war and steam machinery.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had adopted a resolution providing that the
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules of the
two Houses be suspended for the residue of
the session.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate No/501, amendatory
of an act to provide temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, approved Mav 2G.
1864.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had receded from its first amendment, dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill of the House
No. 1154, making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate
No. 204, to inquire for an annual inspection of
Indian affairs, and for other purposes, agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Doolittle, Mr. Pome-
roy, and Mr. Cattell conferees on the part of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendment to the bill
of the House (No. 1220,) to provide ways
and means for the payment of the compound-
interest notes, disagreed to by the House,
agreed to the conference asked by the Honso
on the disagreeing votes Of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Spuague, and Mr. Johnson conferees on the
part of the House.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I propose to add at the
end of the paragraph the following proviso:
Provided, That such payments shall be made only
to the persons severally who rendered tho services.
I will briefly state my reasons for offering
this amendment.
I he CHAIRMAN. All debate has been
closed by order of the House upon this para-
graph.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Then I cannot explain
my reasons for offering it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
add the words "and twenty per cent, as extra
compensation," so as to put them on a par
with the clerks here, for whom we appropriated
$2,000,000 the other day.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's amend-
ment is not appropriate to my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest to the gentleman
this modification: "Such payment shall be
made only to the original owner of the claim."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Insert also "and upon
satisfactory proof to the accounting officers."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. 1 hope the
amendment will not be adopted. Is debate in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish to say
that many of the clerks in this city sold their
claims in large amounts.
I he CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept the modifications
suggested by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. Schenck's amendment, aa modified,
was read as follows:
Provided, That such payments shall be made only
to the original owner of the claim, and upon satis-
factory proof furnished the accounting officers.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to—ayes 53, noes 50.
Mr. KASSON. I move to strike out the
following clauses:
For this amount to enable the Secretary of tho
Interior to purchase thirty copies of the first nino
volumes of the United States Statates-at-Larse, $i-10.
n °r the compensation of eight extra clerks in the
30 1868 $11'V0 alrs ^or year ending June
I will state that these items are included in
another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. \\ INDOM. I move to insert in place of
the paragraphs which have just been stricken
out the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may ho
required to p;ty the necessary expenses of the com-
mission appointed by the President to visit the In-
dian country, near Fort Phil. Kearney, for the pur-
