248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Janufirr
reader oil his guard as to the evil that Congress
ted itl view when it passed the bill. It was
that view which influenced the Committee on
Foreign Relations after a careful consideration
of the bill, to the conclusion tfiatit was better
to keep it as it now is. Nothing was lost by
introducing these worts; something of elear-
nessand posi ti veness,i t was thought, was gained
by having thefn there; and beside that we fol-
lowed in so doing the precedents of Congress,
the habits of legislation. I hope they will not
be struck out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know what pre-
cedents the Senator could have followed other
than those that are to be found in the legisla-
tion'fehen slavery was an institution of the coun-
try. It was then, I suppose, understood to be
necessary to distinguish between negroes, mu-
lattoes, and other persons; but under the con-
stitutional amendment and the civil rights bill
and other legislation of that class, I will ask
the Senator if in the eye of the law he under-
stands there is any difference among persons
now as a question of law. I understand the
argument of the Senator to be that it is neces-
sary in this bill to admonish the country that
negroes and mulattoes ate persons.
Mr. SUMNER.. No. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. To give emphasis to
jt, soraelhing of force, as he expresses it.
The Only purpose can be to say that they are
persons. If he thinks that in the eye of the
law they are persons, unquestionably persons,
then in framing a law he ought to use the most
exact phraseology possible, and not confuse it
by going into detail which is covered by gen-
eral language. As a matter of taste in the
framing of the bill, I think the words which I
move to strike out are objectionable. If he
intends to legislate for all the people of this
country; if he intends to protect the white
person, ignorant and unwary, who may be in-
duced to leave his country by false representa-
tions, legislate for him by the use of such
language as includes him. If he attempts
also to legislate for negroes and mulattoes
who are likely to be imposed upon and carried
away from their country by false representa-
tions, let him use just such language as applies
to them, but not go into detail which adds
nothing to clearness, as I think. I think it
vwiifuses. I have understood the Senator to
be laboring to wipe out all distinctions because
•? race and color, and to say that under the
m s of the UnitedrStates all persons are alike
and equal. If so, how can he defend himself
in using language such as this in a bill of his
own framing, a bill that comes from his own
committee, Keeping up a distinction in the bill
which he himself draws? If he intends to pro-
tect all alike, and to legislate for all, then
there is a propriety in his using language that
applies alike to all.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of the Senator is ingenious, but I doubt
whether he himself has much confidence in its
soundness. He is too goo'l a lawyer not to
know that constantly in legislation and also in
professional documents, several words are used
in order to cover a given case, words that are
general and words that are specific. Sometimes
we content ourselves with the general term,
sometimes wo content ourselves with the spe-
cific term, and sometimes we are not contented
without both the general and the specific terms.
Now, sir, that is just theobjectof theeommittee
in the present bill. The general term is used
and the specific, and it was not supposed that
there was any inconsistency in using them;
and the two were used, borrowing a professional
expression, for greater caution, ex majori can-
tela, so that we might be sure that in the statute
we had met the case.
Then again it was felt desirable in the stat-
ute to exhibit on its face what its object was.
Had the.language been general, had it been
simply "any person," one reading the statute
whose attention had not been called to this
grievance would be at a loss perhaps to imagine
what the grievance was; but the introduction
of these specific words would indicate to any
intelligent reader the character of the griev-
ance. However, this discussion is verbal rather
than substantial, and I hope the Senator will
not press his objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the sec-
tion of the biil which constitutes this new
offense, I suggest to my honorable friend from
Massachusetts that there are some amendments
which I think ought to be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I havemadean amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know that one amend-
ment has been made, but there are other
amendments which I think are necessary in
order to define properly the offense which is
aimed at. The language as it now stands, it
seems to me, does not cover it. I think it cer-
tainly ought to be required that these false and
fraudulent representations, which are the basis
of the offense, should have been made know-
ingly and willfully. The section now provides
that the offense shall be the falsely making of
these representations "to any negro, mulatto,
or other person, for the purpose of inducing
such negro, mulatto, or other person to emi-
grate to a foreign country where sncli negro,
mulatto, or other person would be liable to be
sold as a peon, so-called, or otherwise reduced
to involuntary servitude." There certainiy
is souse amendment needed there, it seems to
me, in order to charge the person guilty of the
crime with a scienter that he knows that the
person would be liable to be reduced either to
involuntary servitude or to peonage. A per-
son might hold out representations to another
to emigrate with him to a foreign country, not
knowing what the laws of that country were,
and not knowing whether he would be liable
to be sold to peonage or reduced to involun-
tary servitude or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. The vessel is forfeited too.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts in relation to
that section, before I should be quite willing to
vote for it as defining this new statutory offense
I should like to see its language changed in
several particulars. I suggest to my honorable
friend that perhaps he had better let this bill
pass over and let us adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is a member
of the committee from which this bill came.
He was invited to its meeting. I believe that
he was not with us on that occasion. I regretted
it very much ; but the Senator knows very well
how the business of that committee is conducted.
He knows that a bill like this is riot reported
from that committee except after very careful
consideration. I will say to the Senator that
it was read carefully in committee and consid-
ered section by section.
Now, as to the criticism of the Senator, he
wishes that there should be something intro-
duced here "requiring what is called technically
the scienter. I ask him if that is not here ade-
quately. The offense is the making false and
fraudulent representations. Surely there is in
that alone a scienter—"false and fraudulent
representations to any negro, mulatto, or other
person." For what? "For the purpose of
inducing such negro, mulatto, or other person
to emigrate to a foreign country where such
negro, mulatto, or other person would be liable
to be sold as a peon, so called, or otherwise
reduced to involuntary servitude."
Mr. JOHNSON. Must he know that the
involuntary servitude exists there?
Mr. SUMNER. That is not required by the
statute, and I think if the Senator will reflect
one moment he will find that if that were
required it would make the statute, I was
going to say, good for nothing. You would be
requiring too much. You require by the bill
now before you that the representation should
be "false and fraudulent." You then require
that it should be "for the purpose of induemg"
a "negro, mulatto, or other person to emi-
grate to a foreign country where such negro,
mulatto, or other person would be liable to"
slavery. Surely there is an offense. There is
a moral offense which the conscience of every
man must recognize; and the object of this bill
is simply to reach that moral offense, a false
and fraudulent representation for the purpose
of inducing certain persons herein mentioned
to emigrate to a country where they will be
exposed to slavery. Now that you should in-
troduce a second scienter—I use the technical
language of the Senator—and require that this
person should actually know the character of
slavery in the country to which the emigrant is
to go is to require too much. If you require
that, you will require more, probably, than could
be proved against the man. You require enough
to make an offense by the existing bill. It
surely is an offense by the existing bill, even if
he did not know the character of the institu-
tions to which this emigrant would be exposed
in the foreign country. Such a bill as this
would put any person seeking emigrants on his
guard; and such a bill sorely is needed when
we are warned that there are persons here now
with a view of getting up such emigration. I
hope the Senator from Wisconsin will not per-
severe in his objection. Indeed I think, if he
gives a better attention to the bill, !ie will see
that it does meet a grievance, and though there
may bo something more, yet this bill is good
as far as it goes. It does something to punish
an offense which certainly is well worthy of
the judgment of Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is true I have the
honor of being a member of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, of which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts is chairman. That
committee's sessions are usually on the same
day that the Committee on Indian Affairsmeet,
and sometimes between both lam not asprompi
in my attendance perhaps as I ought always
to be upon either. It struck me when this
bill was first introduced into the Senate that it
should have been referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, because the Committee on
the Judiciary are much more familiar from
habit with the defining of offenses; but still,
upon the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, who thought it.concerned
foreign affairs, and who, having some communi-
cations on the subject, preferred i t should go to
that committee, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Although I am
a member of that committee. I feel at perfect
liberty to look into the provisions of the bill
as it stands.
I am not hostile to the bill nor to the object
of the bill. My sole purpose ia to have the
offense so defined that when we come to pass
the bill into a law we shall actually create an
offense in the language which is usually known
to the law in the definition of offenses, so that
it may be clear, and if a man is guilty he may
be punished. It did seem to me in read-
ing the bill over cursorily—I have not given
very much attention to it—that what is denom-
inated the scienter ought to be charged more
specifically against a person in order to make
out the offense. It is true, the words are used:
" If any person shall, within the jurisdiction of the
United States, mako false and fraudulent representa-
tions to any negro, mulatto, or other person," &c.
A man may innocently make false represent-
ations. There is nothing in the language of
the bill which requires that these representa-
tions shall originate with him. They may be
false and fraudulent pretenses concocted by
other persons and he be the innocent instru-
ment which is used to put them in operation ;
and therefore it seeins to me the statute should
clearly require him to be charged that, he know-
ingly and willfully made these false and fraudu-
lent representations. It seems to me further
that if the representations be made " for the
purpose of inducing such negro, mulatto, or
other person to emigrate to a foreign country
for the purpose of being sold as a peon or re-
duced to involuntary servitude," that purpose
should also be charged upon the person mak-
ing these representations, or else it should ba
charged upon him that he knowingly and will-
fully made these false and fraudulent represent-
ations to induce him to emigrate to a country
where he knew that by the laws of that country
the person emigrating would be liable to be sow
as a peon or reduced to involuntary servitude
