18&7.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GhOBR
in order to constitute a valid offense. It strikes
me that this section of the bill needs amend-
ment.
Beside, an important question is raised by
the pending amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana to strike, oat the words
'•negro, mulatto, or othGr persan," and let
the bill stand, "that if any person shall within
the jurisdiction of the United Spates make
false and fraudulent, representations to any
person" for the purpose of inducing him to
emigrate where he would be liable to be sold
as a peon or reduced to involuntary servitude.
1 have no hostility to the object of the bill. I
certainly agree with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in condemning the offense as severely
as he can condemn it. 1 only desire that the bill
should be so drawn as to define an offense in
the ordinary language of criminal proceedings.
It seems to me that something more is neces-
sary than i$ contained in that section.
Mr. HOWARD. I agree entirely with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts in the
object of this bill; but after reading the first
section with some little care it strikes me that
the language may be improved. As the section
now reads, no offense will be committed if the
representations made by the offender had been
made directly to the negro, and the negro told
that the object of his exportation was to have
him sold as a slave, and they might therefore
make perfectly true representations to the negro
and induce him ta leave the country for the
purpose of being sold as a slave, and no offense
would be committed. I suppose that was not
the intention of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. The object of the bill is to pre-
vent absolutely the exportation of this class of
persons or of any persons for the purpose of
having them sold as slaves or peons. Now, I
would suggest, with great respect to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, that the lan-
guage would be improved if he should strike
out the words*" false and fraudulent,'' andin-
sert instead of them the word "any," and also
in lines seven, eight, and nine to strike out the
words "where such negro, mulatto, or other
person would be liable to be sold as a peon,
so called, or otherwise reduced to virtual servi-
tude," and to insert in lieu of those words the
words "and with intent to sell or cause to be
sold such person as a peon or slave." Then
the clause would read as follows:
That if any person shall, within the jurisdiction of
the United States, make any representations to any
negro, mulatto, or other person for the purpose of
inducing such negro, mulatto, or other person to
emigrate to a foreign country, and with intent to sell
or cause to bo sold such person as a peon or slave,
the person so offending shall be punished on convic-
tion thereof by a fine. &c.
' I think that change would meet the case
exactly; it strikes me "that it would ; but as it
stands now the Senate will see at once that if
false and fraudulent representations, or any
representations, were made to a negro with a
view to induce him to leave this country and
go to another country where slavery did not
exist and where he could not be treated as a
slave, and if after he had reached that place
he was then transported to some other place
by the wrong-doer and sold as a slave, the
wrong-doer would not be guilty of any crime
under the bill as it is drawn. This, it strikes
me, will make it more specific.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it is quite ap-
parent from the discussion we have had that
we had better take a little more time to word
this bill precisely right. There is no quorum
present, as would be disclosed if a division
should be called, as doubtless there would be
on a bill like this. I therefore suggest to my
friend from Massachusetts—and f hope we
shall have his consent—that we now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make simply one
remark before the ad journment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Illinois move an adjournment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw it to
enable the Senator from Massachusetts to make
ft remark.
Mf
Mr. SUMNER. I will merely make one
remark, and the remark I make-1 will address
at once to the Senator from Wisconsin and
also to the Senator from Michigan. Each has
the same object in view but I fear that if I
should follow the suggestion of either the bill
would be impaired -in its efficacy. Already,
as it is reported by the committee, I fear that
it may become inoperative because it requires
too much; it requires mora than could be
proved in court, and .1 fear, therefore, that the
Dill would be but another instance of brutum
fulmen. Even in that respect it might have a
certain efficacy. It would have this effect: to
put people on their guard, and possibly to
frighten offenders away; but still I should like
to have the bill in such form as would make it
something more than bruium fidmen to give
it complete efficacy. It is on that account that
I deprecate the amendments of the Senators
from Wisconsin and Michigan. I fear that
they are going to require so much that the bill
will actually be destroyed in its efficacy. I
now yield to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
from Massachusetts takes his seat I wish to
inquire of him whether it is his purpose to
punish the party who makes the representation
alone, or those who make representations and
thereby jnduce emigration. Is it his purpose
to make the offense a complete one simply by
the representation ? I suggest to him that I
think that would be introducing a new feature
in legislation.
Jtfr. SUMNER. The purpose of the bill, as
I think the Senator will see by reading it, was
to make an offense which had several elements
in it; the first would be the false and fraudu-
lent representation; the other would be the
purpose of the false and fraudulent representa-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the purpose of
the Senator is to punish the man who shall
make the representation, although the fraudu-
lent representation shall result in no harm to
anybody.
Mr. SLTMNER. If he does it for a criminal
purpose, then I would punish him even though
the person on whom he operated escaped.
Even though he did not suffer from the ialse
and fraudulent representation, the offense is
complete.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I called the Senator's
attention to it because I wanted to know what
was the purpose of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 3, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Thursday, December 20,
1866, was read and approved.
Hon. W. A. Burleigh, Delegate for Dakota
Territory, appeared in his seat.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the bill pending at the adjournment
on the 20th of December last, in regard to re-
construction, on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] was entitled to
the floor; but prior to that ho would ask leave to
lay before the House-several communications.
TARIFF AND REVENUE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Treasury Department, dated Jan-
uary 3, 1867, communicating a report from
Hon. David A. Wells, appointed special com-
missioner on the revenue, accompanied by a
tariff bill prepared by the same commissioner.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, the com-
munication was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that ten thousand additional copies be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
DAKOTA TERRITORY. :
The RPEA-1JHR laid .-before the House a
memorial from the Legislature of Dakota Ter-
ritory, asking that the secretary Of the Terri-
tory "be authorized to use what has been saved
out-of the appropriation made for legisktive
expenses of the 1 erritory for the purpose of
codifying the laws; winch was ordered to ba
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
MONTANA TERRITORY .
The SPEAKER laid before me House a
joint resolution of the Legislature of Montena
Territory asking Congress to amend the or-
ganic act of the Territory so as to increase the
pay of the Federal officers, as also the per diem
of the members of the Legislative Assenffly
of the Territory; which was ordered to b®
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Also, a memorial to Congress asking for ap-
propriations for surveys and the establishment
of a surveyor general's office, and also for a
land office in Montana Territory; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
ASSASSINS OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
llexolvnl. That the Committeo on the Judiciarx
be instructed to report what measures, if any, can ba
taken to prevent tlie Supreme Court from releasing
and discharging tbo assasdins of Mr. Lincoln and tHe
conspirators to release the rebel prisoners at Camp
Douglas, in Chicago, under color and pratenso of the
law of 1863; and also to inquire into the expediency
of repealing said law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
LOSS OP TIIB EVENING STAR AND COMMODORE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
following resolution; which, being a call for
executive information, was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the House the result of
the investigation made by his Department into the
causes of the loss of the steamer Evening Star, and
also that bo be requested to institute an investiga-
tion into the causes of the loss of the steamer Com-
modore, lately wrecked on Long Island sound, and
that he transmit the result thereof to this House, to-
gether with his opinion as to what additional legisla-
tion, if any, be necessary for the further protection
of the lives of passengers on vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and made the special order for Monday next,
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of.
REPORTS OF GENERALS RUSHING AND IIAZEN.
Mr. BIDWELL offered the following reso-
lution; which, being a call for executive in-
formation, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicatc to the House the reports of the tour of
inspection made the past season by Generals Rush-
ing and Hazcn, the former to the Quartermiuter
General, the latter to Brigadier General P. St. George
Cook, commanding the department of the Piaffe, or
so much thereof as relates to affairs in Utah Terri-
tory.
PAYMENT FOR WAR LOSSES.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask
leave to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House will not consent to the
appropriation of the first dollar for the payment of
property destroyed by the JJnion armies while en-
gaged in putting down the rebollion.
Mr. N[BLACK. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the resolution will
be referred to a committee.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I will
move its reference to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
