250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
Mr. NIBL AOK. I have no objection to that.
The resolution was received and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
EDWIN E. "WOODMAN.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Edwin E. Wood-
man ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to prescribe the
qualifications of officers and attorneys-at-law,
and to regulate appointments to office j which
Was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
THE MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for organizing, arming,
and disciplining the militia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
PURCHASERS ON THE SOSCOL RANCHE.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following res-
olution :
Whereas the act of 3d March, 1863, entitled "An
act to grant the right of preemption to certain pur-
chasers on the Soscol Kanehe, in California," was
not intended to interfere with the rights of any actual
settlers not purchasers under Vallejo, who were then
resident on said lands and entitled to preemption
under the act of 3d March, 1863: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform the House how many such
claimants have applications for preemption pend-
ing in his Department contested by claimants under
the act of March 3,1863; and what, if any, decisions
have been made by him on such applications.
The SPEAKER. This is a call for execu-
tive information, and it requires unanimous con-
sent for its consideration on this day.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
REDEMPTION OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into
the expediency of redeeming the compound-interest
Treasury notes, so called, and the bonds known as
five-twenties, with Treasury notes to be issued for
that purpose, of denominations from five to one thou-
sand dollars, a legal tender for their face value, bear-
ing interest at a rate not less than three per cent,
nor more than five per cent, per annum, redeemable
in five years, and convertible at the pleasure of the
holder into four per cent, bonds, payable, principal
and interest, in gold, redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government after five years and due in twenty
years, and subject to State taxation.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS FOR TEXAS.
Mr. BUNDY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the establishment
of four territorial governments within the so-
called State of Texas; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be priuted.
PAYMENT F9R HORSES.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
are hereby directed to inquire into the propriety of
so amending tho law providing for compensation to
owners of horses killed in battle, &c., that it shall be
made to extend to and include all horses lost, killed,
or disabled while in actual service and in the line of
duty.
JAMES M. BISHOP.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of
James M. Bishop; which was l-ead a first and
second time, ana referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SCQFIELD. I now call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The firstbusinessin order
is the consideration of House bill No. 648, to
provide for restoring to the States lately in |
insurrection their full political rights, which ,
was under consideration on the 19th of Decern- j
ber last. The pending question is upon the
substitute then offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] upon which that
gentleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the substitute
be read in full, as it has not yet been read. ^ .
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " whereas" in the pre-
amble, and insert in lieu thereof the following;
The eleven States which lately formed the govern-
ment called the confederate States of America,"
have forfeited all their rights under the Constitution,
and can be reinstated in the same only through the
action of Congress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate ana House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Oongreas as-
sembled, That the eleven States lately in rebellion,
except Tennessee, may form valid State governments
in the following manner:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State
governments now cxistin&de facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and in many
instances the constitutions were adopted under
duress, and not submitted to the ratification of the
people, and therefore are not to be treated as free
republics, yet they are hereby acknowledged as vaiid
governments for municipal purposes until the same
shall be duly altered, and their legislative and ex-
ecutive officers shall be recognized as such.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That each of the
ten States which were lately in rebellion, and have !
not been admitted to representation in Congress, shall
hold elections on the first Tuesday of May, 1867, to
choose delegates tt> aconvcntion to formaStategov-
ernment. The convention shall consist of the same
number of members as the most numerous branch of
the Legislature of said State before the rebellion. It
shall meet at the former capital of said State on the
first Monday of June of said year, at twelve o'clock
noon, with power to adjourn from time to time, and
shall proceed to form aStateconstitution, whichshall
be submitted to the people at such time as the con-
vention shall direct, and if ratified by a majority of
legal votes shall be declared the constitution of the ,
State. Congress shall elect a commission for each of
said States, to consist of three persons, whoshall select,
or direct the mode of selecting, the election officers for
the several election districts, which districts shall be
the same as before therebellion, unless altered by said
commission. The officers shall consist of one judge
and two inspectors of elections, and two clerks; the
said officers, together with all the expensesof the elec-
tion, shall be paid by the United States, and said
expenses shall be repaid by said State or Territory.
Each of said officers shall receive five dollars per day
for the time actually employed. Each of the mem-
bers of said commission sh all receive $3,000 per annum,
and their clerk$2,000. The commission shall procure
all the necessary books, stationery, and boxes, and
make all regulations to effect the objects of this act.
The President of the United States and tho militaiy
commander of the district shall furnish so much mili-
tary aid as the said commissioners shall deem neces-
sary to protect the polls and keep the peace at each
of said election districts. If by any means no elec-
tion should be held in any of said late States on the
day herein fixed, then the election shall be held on
the third Monday ofMay, 1S6T, in the manner herein
prescribed. Returns of all such elections shall be
made to the said commissioners, whose certificates of
election shall be prijna facie evidence of the fact.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the persons
who shall be entitled to vote at both of said elections
shall be as follows: all male citizens above the age
of twenty-one years who have resided one year in
said State and ten days within the election district.
Sec, 5. And be it further enacted. That the word
citizcn, as used in this act, shall be construed to mean
all persons (except Indians not taxed) born in the
United States, or duly naturalized. Any male citizen
above the ageof twenty-one years shall becompetent
to be elected to act as delegate to said convention.
Sec. 6. xiratf be t1 further enacted, That all persons
who on tho 4th day of March. 1861, were of fall age,
who held office, either civil or military, under
the government called the "confederate States of
America," or who swore allegiance to said govern-
ment, are hereby declared to have forfeited their
citizenship and to have renounced allegiance to the
United States, and shall not be entitled to exercise the
elective franchise or hold office until five years after
they shall have filed their intention or desire to be
reinvested with the right of citizenship, and shall
swear allegianco to the United States and renounco
allegiance to all other governments or pretended
governments; the said application to be filed and
oath taken in the same courts that by law are author-
ized to naturalize foreigners: Provided, however,
that on taking the following oath, the party being
otherwise qualified, shall be allowed to vote and hold
office:
I, A. B., do solemnly swear, on the Holy Evangel-
ists of Almighty God, that on the 4th day of March,
1864, and at all times thereafter, I would willingly
have complied with the requirements of the procla-
mation of the President of tho United States, issued
on the 8th day of December. 1863. had a safe oppor-
tunity of so doing been allowed me; that on the said
4th of March, 1861, and at all times thereafter, I was
opposed to the continuance of the rebellion, and fo
the establishment of the so-called confederate gov-
ernment, and voluntarily gave no aid or encourage-
ment thereto, but earnestly desired the success of the
Union, and the suppression of all armed resistance
to the Government of the United States: and that I
*it®ttceforth faithfully support the Constitution
of the United States, and the Union of the Stat®
thereunder.
&EC.J. And be it further enacted. That no constitu-
tion shall be presented to or acted on by Congress
which denies to any citizen any right, privileges, or
immnnihfK! vhir>h ava u   «il. ^Sir. •
to language, race, or former condition. If tho pro-
visionsof tmssection should ever be altered, repealed,
expunged, or in any way abrogated, this act shall
become void, and said State lose itsright to be repre-
sented in Congress.
Sec. 8. And Beit further enacted, That when ever the
foregoing eonditionssball be complied with, the citi-
zens of said State may present said constitution to
Congress and if the same 8 it all be approved by Con-
gress said State shall be declared entitled to the
rights, privileges, and immunities, and be subject to
all the obligations and liabilities of a State within
the Union. No Senator or ^Representative shall be
admitted into either House of Congress until Con-
gress shall have declared the State entitled thereto.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that the eighth
section of this substitute is one which provides
for the representation in Congress of the insur-
rectionary States : therefore, under the order
adopted by the House at the last session, and
renewed this session, this should be referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction without
debate. The provision of this substitute to which
I refer is as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the foregoing conditions shall be complied with the
citizens of said State may present said constitution
to Congress, and if the same shall be approved by
Congress said State shall be declared entitled to the
rights, privileges, and immunities, and be subject to
all the obligations and liabilities of a State within
the Union. No Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either House of Congress until Con-
gress shall hare declared the State entitled thoreto.
That section has relation to representation
in Congress, and provides the terms and con-
ditions upon which the States lately in insur-
rection shall be entitled to representation in
Congress. I therefore make the point of order
that under the existing rule this subject should
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction without debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixguam] is correct in his statement of
facts. But he overlooks this fact, that on the
30th of April, 1866, the House of Representa-
tives waived the rule to which he has referred,
so far as the original bill under consideration
is concerned, and allowed it. to be introduced;
when of course it became subject to amendment
and action as any other bill. The section the
gentleman has read is from the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens. 1
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire if the
original bill contains any provision in relation
to the representation from the lately insurrec-
tionary States ?
The SPEAKER. The title of the original
bill is " A bill to provide for restoring to the
States lately in insurrection their full political
rights."
Mr. BINGH AM. The title may be properly
recited by the Speaker, but the question I make
is, does the original bill, introduced on the 30th
of April last, provide the conditions I have
just recited from the eighth section of the sub-
stitute?
The SPEAKER. It may not have provided
for those specific conditions, but it provides
" for restoring to the States lately in insurrec-
tion their full political rights." And having been
introduced it is subject to amendment. The
Chair therefore overrules the point of oider.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to modify the
third section of the substitute by striking ont
the words " Congress shall elect" and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " the supreme court
of the District of Columbia shall appoint" be-
fore the words "a commission for each of
said States."
The question was upon the substitute, as
modified.
