1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. GARFIELD. I move at the end of
line eighty-four to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Isaac Strotim lor additional services as a clerk in the
Treasury Department from the 1st of January, 1854. to
March 1.1856, at the same rate paid for similar addi-
tional services prior to that date, fe4Gl3 67.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to the point of
order that this is not germane to an appropria-
tion bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. It is a contingency for car-
rying on one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that this
clerk was employed by the Government, and
did considerable amount of extra duty, which is
acknowledged by the Secretary in his letter in
which I shall have read. Payment was not
made owing to the want of a specific appropri-
ation. I ask the Clerk to read the Secretary's
letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Dktm i;tmrkvt. March. 2,1865.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of yesterday ro'at'v© to a
claim of Mr. Strohm, late a clerk in '.his Department,
for payment for services rendered in connection with
the coast survey.
A reference to the records shows that tho services
were rendered as claimed by Mr. Strobin. It also
further appears that for similar services rendered for
many years prior to the period during which Mr.
Strohm performed the duties alluded to, compensa-
tion had been provided by Congress. Such provision
did not cover the period of Mr. Strohm's ,-ervice, and
his claim therefor was consequently d'sallowed.
Very respectfully, W. P. FESSK:;.:DHNT,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. It. C. SCHKNCK, House of Representatives.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move the
following as an amendment to the amend-
ment:
And such other clerks of the Department as have
been removed for political opinions in the year 1867.
Mr. GARFIELD. I raise the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the
amendment pending, and .not according to any
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Is it germane
to make an appropriation for one clerk and
not for another?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
germane to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I rise to a
poiiit of order. I have the floor and the gen-
tleman cannot take it from me.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is well taken;
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding] is
entitled to the floor. The Chair will state that
the gentleman's amendment though not ger-
mane to the pending amendment is germane
to the bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I will waive all
objection to the decision of the Chair; I think it
is correct. But I wish to remark, if I have the
privilege of the floor and it does not distress gen-
tlemen too much, that I approve of this amend-
ment in comparison with the provisions of the
bill which this House has passed giving twenty
per cent, additional compensation to all the
clerks in the civil service in and around Wash-
ington. I think in principle it is no more ob-
jectionable than that bill which took out of the
Treasury about two million dollars, or as it has
been stated to me, a little in excess of that
amount, not to pay the debts of this Govern-
ment, but to pay employes, all of whom, I
believe, were receiving not less than $1,000
a year. Now, sir, the principle having been
established, it does not lie against me that I
design to prevent an honest clerk in this House
from getting what is justly due him, or of
making an exception of him. Such was not
the object of my amendment. But I did wish
to present to the House the consideration that
an appropriation of twenty per cent, additional
compensation was made under the lead of the
gallant member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, which was so managed as to de-
prive of all benefit of it those clerks who bad
been removed for political opinions, and it was
given to those who took their places. I shall
never consent that that decision was right.
Mr. STEVENS. We have been two hours
on this bill, and I now move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing all general de-
bate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Uniongcnerally under consider-
ation, and particularly the Senate amendment
to House bill No. 1227, making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1807, and for other
purposes, and come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that when the
House resolves itself again into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the special order all general debate shall ter-
minate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fop.net,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the resolution of the
House providing for the suspension of the
sixteentn and seventeenth joint rules of the
two Houses for the remainder of the session
of Congress.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 746)
for the organization of land districts in the
Territories of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Mon-
tana, had agreed to the conference asked for
by the House on the disagreeing voles of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
Stewart, Edmunds, and Patterson conferees
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate insisted upon its disa-
greement to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 534) to provide for the allot-
ment of members of the Supreme Court among
the circuits, and for the appointment of a mar-
shal for the Supreme Court; had agreed to the
conference asked for by the House on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Messrs. Trumbull, Harris, and
Hendricks conferees on the part of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 220) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels-of-
war and steam-machinery; and
An act (S. No. 501) amendatory of an act
to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Montana, approved May 26,1864.
deficiency appropriation bill—again.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules bo sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1227, making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Garfield.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move .to amend pro
forma, that I may make a brief explanation.
The letter which has been produced in sup-
port of this claim was addressed to me in
March, 1805. I remember it very well. The
claimant has been for several years and is now
our principal engrossing clerk. In the year
1865 he was discharged from the Treasury
Department on account of his political opin-
ions, previous to which time he had been cm-
ployed in that Department in addition to his
regularly assigned duties in attending to the
correspondence connected with the Coast Sur-
vey. For that work he was not paid.
J When my attention was called to the matter
I addressed a letter to the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Fessenden, about it. He re-
plied to that letter, and in his reply he says:
i "A reference to the records shows that tho services
wero rendered as claimed by Mr. Strohm, and it also
further appears that for similar services rendered
for many years prior to the period during which Mr.
Strohm performed tho duties alluded to compen«a-
, tion had been provided by Consro^s. But such pro-
! rib-on did noi cover the period of Strohm's services,
and his claim, therefore, was consequently disal-
lowed."
That is, every other man who did such work
was paid for it except Mr. Strohm, who got
i nothing because there was no appropriation
j covering his case. His claim has been exam-
ined by my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
1 mittee of Claims, [Mr. Delano,] and he also
is satisfied that it is a correct claim. I with-
! draw my formal motion to amend.
j The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of line one
hundred and five:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library of
Congress to purchase the painting of the first reading
of tho emancipation proclamation by President Lin-
coln, executed by Francis li. Carpenter, $25,000.
I want to say but a word upon this amend-
ment. Without pretending to any ability to
judge critically of pictures 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I find that in this auction it is " quick or gone."
[Laughter. ]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Has the point
of order been decided ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I hopo th t no point of
order will be raised upon this amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. But there
will be.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall most certainly
make a point of order upon it even if nobody
else does. I think we can find some better
way of throwing away $25,000 than this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decidcs that
the point of order was made too late, because
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] had
begun to debate the proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not before the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] had
risen to make the point of order.
Mr. UPSON. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the Chair allow me
to say that the moment the Clerk had finished
reading, before the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] opened his mouth or could have
opened it, I rose to my feet and addressed the
Chair; but probably the heavier voice of the
gentleman from Ohio drowned mine.
Mr. CONKLING. That is my recollection
of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think there will be two
sentences of mine found in the Globe of to-
morrow, before the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] opened his mouth.
The CHAIRMAN. In view of the state-
ments of gentlemen, the Chair must decide
that the point of order was made in time, and
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is not in order.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw my appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this bill by
striking out the following:
Topay for completing the repairs and furnishing
the Executive Mansion, $35,000.
I do not know that I need say anything in
support of my amendment. It is very well
known to every member of this House that at
the last session of Congress we appropriated
$30,000 for this very purpose, which money I
presume has all been expended, or this would
not now be called for. Now, if it requires
