1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
- NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot,
]?arnswortli, Perry, Grinnell, Hart, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Kasson,
Kcllcy, Kelso, Latlin, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, Molndoe, McRuer, Miller, Morrill, Morris,
Newell. Niblack, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perhain,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William If. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. lliee, John II. Rice, Rollins.
Sawyer, Sohenck, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Taber, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Upson, Burt Van Horn, and
William B. Washburn—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Ohanler, Cul-
ver, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Hale,
Harris, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Jones, Latham, Loan, Marshall, McKee, Mercur,
Myers, Phelps, Radford, Rogers, Shanklin, Starr,
Strouse, John L. Thomas, iihhu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Williams, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—47.
So the enacting clause was stricken out.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY 01)' A DECEASED MEMBER.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Rcxolvcd, That the Sergeant-at-Arms bo directed
to pay to Mrs. M. E. Johnson, widow of the late Hon.
Philip Johnson, tho remainder of salary that would
have been due him up to the 4th of March, 1SG7.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OiiTICE AND CUSTOM-HOUSE, NAS1IV1LLU.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved,That tho Committocon thePostOIIico and
Post llouds be instructed to iuquuo into the expe-
diency of reporting a bill providing for tho erection
ot a building in tho city of Nashville, State of 'L'en-
iH'tseo, suitable lor tho accommodation ot the post
otlice, tho federal court, and tho cuatom-houso in
said eity.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; wliieh was
read, considered, and agreed to :
liesolocd, That tho Committco on the District of
Columbia bo requested to confer with tho Secretary
of tho Interior as to tho proprioty of adopting tho
plans of tho now jail for tho Distnet which were
recommended for adoption by the three oilieials doing
business in tho Interior Department, and also to
inquiro tlie reason why a specification has not boon
submitted with tho plans for contractors to estimato
on, as tho actreciuires; and that tho said eominit-
teo bo authorized to send for persons and papers,
and report by bill or otherwiso, as tlicy shall consider
necoKsary, so as to injure a proper jail for the District.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the Com-
mittee of Claims the memorial of Mr. Dainese,
which I referred to it some days since, and to
ask that it be referred to a special committee
of five.
Mr. COBB. I object.
DEATH OP PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. BANICS. I present the correspondence
of the State Department with the Government
of Brazil in reference to the death of President
Lincoln. I move that it be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness proceeds with the call of the committees,
resuming the call where it was suspended yes-
terday, with the Committee on Military Af§urs.
STEPHEN E. JONES.
Mr. BLAINE, fro..r the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of Stephen E. Jones; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Paymaster General to pay to Stephen E.
Jones full pay and allowances as a first lieu-
tenant of cavalry for the period during which
he actually served as aid-de-camp on the staffs
of General Nelson and General George H.
Thomas, prior to the time when he was mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly road the third time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of the report, if there be one. The
joint resolution only discloses the fact that this
gentleman served on the staffs of two generals.
Mr. BLAINE. He actually served and
never received a cent of pay for the better
part of a year, as the report will show.
The report was read. It sets forth quite
briefly that Stephen 15. Jones was appointed on
the staff of General Nelson when that officer
was ordered to Kentucky in 1861, under a mis-
apprehension of the power of the command-
ing officer; that ho was subsequently trans-
ferred to the staff of General Thomas when
that officer relieved General Nelson, and was
finally appointed an additional aid-de-camp
by the President, with the rank of captain,
but lias never been paid for the eleven months
which he actually served prior to muster into
the United States service.
Mr. CLAltlC, of Ohio. Will it be in order
to refer tho resolution to tho Committee of
Claims?
Mr. BLAINE. I decline to yield, Mr.
Speaker, for any such motion. The resolu-
tion, I think, ex-plains itself, and the report
which has just been read leaves nothing to be
said. The ease on all grounds of equity is
complete. In framing tho resolution and draft-
ing the report I was guided simply by tho offi-
cial papers which I obtained at the War De-
partment ; not allowing myself to be governed
by any personal knowledge or prepossessions
in regard to the gentleman in whoso behalf the
resolution is submitted. It is perfectly fair,
however, to say, in support of that resolution
and report, that I know something personally
of Captain Jones, and his record in the war is
one in the highest degree honorable to him as
a gentleman and a patriot. The papers in the
case show that he earned the esteem and con-
fidence of all the officers under whom lie served,
and among them were some of the first in the
American Army.
Before moving the previous question on the
final passage of the resolution it may be proper
to say that, on grounds of general equity, Mr.
Jones ought to receive the pay of captain for
tho time specified ; but the law would only
allow the pay of a first lieutenant of cavalry,
that being the highest grade to which an aid
of General Nelson could be commissioned. I
now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have instructed me to report back
a number of memorials on the subject of equal-
ization of bounties and ask that the committee
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be laid on the table; the com-
mittee having reported a general bill upon that
subject.
The moljon was agreed to.
- ARMY SUTLERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed' by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report
back a joint resolution to repeal section twenty-
five of the act to increase and fix the peace
military establishment, and ask that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be laid on the table. This
is a proposition to repeal that portion of the
Army bill passed at the last session of this
Congress which provides for dispensing with
sutlers in the Army, and also providing that
what have hitherto been the duties of sutlers
in supplying soldiers shall be performed through
the subsistence department.
The motion was agreed to.
ENGINEER QUARTERMASTER SERGEANT.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to fix the pay
of the quartermaster sergeant of the battalion
of Engineers ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
from and after the passage of this act the pay
and allowances of the quartermaster sergeant
of the battalion of Engineers of the Army of
the United States shall be the same as those
allowed by law to the sergeant major of that
battalion. -s ___
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER SERVICE CERTIFICATES.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill providing for
the issue of certificates of service to officers
and soldiers of volunteers ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that tho President of the United States
shall cause to be furnished, upon application,
to every officer who has been regularly mus-
tered into the volunteer service in either the
Army or the Navy of the United States during
the late war for the suppression of tho rebel-
lion, and who has been honorably discharged
therefrom, a certificate neatly engrossed on
parchment, which shall set forth the date of
the entry of the officer into such service, his
rank, and the date of his discharge therefrom.
The second section provides that in case of
the death of any sucli officer his legal repre-
sentatives shall be entitled to receive a cer-
tificate as aforesaid.
The third section provides that in any case
where clear and full proof shall be made to the
Secretary of War to his satisfaction, and in
such form as shall bo prescribed by him, by
any enlisted man who was mustered as a vol-
unteer into the Army of the United States and
afterward honorably discharged therefrom,
having served any time between the 19th of
April, 1801, and the 12th day of April, 18G5,
that his discharge has been lost without fault
of his own, the Secretary shall cause to be
issued to such person a certificate in lieu of
such discharge, which certificate shall not how-
ever be competent to be used as evidence in
support of any claim against the Government;
and sueh qualifications restricting the use of
such certificate shall be distinctly expressed in
the body of the certificate.
Section four provides that in like manner
and under the same conditions and restrictions
as are contained in the foregoing section, a
certificate may be issued in the case of any
soldier who is deceased on application made
by his proper representatives.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SCHENCK. ~ If it is desired, I can ex-
plain in a few moments tho object of this bill.
A groat many volunteer officers have left the
service, indeed I may say all of them have
left the service, with simply an acceptance of
their resignations or some record in the War
Oilice without anything in a permanent form
