1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
to show they have served the country. A joint
resolution, was referred to the committee pro-
viding for giving a small certificate, neatly
engrossed on parchment, to those officers, to
be preserved by themselves and their families.
The committee have deemed it proper to re-
port a bill embracing not only the provisions
of the joint resolution, but the farther pro-
vision that where a soldier has lost his dis-
charge he also shall have some certificate
given to liini in lieu of the discharge, that cer-
tificate, however, not to be used for any other
purpose.
The committee have been opposed entirely
to the issuing of duplicate discharges or cer-
tificates in lieu of discharges, to be used for
the purpose of collecting bounties, pensions, or
anything of that kind, because of the door that
would be opened for fraud. But the commit-
tee have, in another bill, provided that upon
application made for bounty, when the dis-
charge is lost, proof to supply the absence of
the discharge shall be admitted to sustain the
claim. Thus the soldier may collect his bounty
hereafter, as he collects his pension now, upon
proof of his identity and of the loss of the dis-
charge. This bill relates to an entirely differ-
ent subject, and is designed to give to the sol-
dier a permanent parchment certificate as a
memorial of his honorable service.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this certificate to bo of
any avail to the soldier except as a mere mem-
orandum?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is all.
Mr. STEVENS. The difficulty now occur-
ring, as I know, almost every day, is that where
soldiers have lost their discharges, as many
have, although they are recorded in the proper
archives here, the antKorities refuse to furnish
the soldiers copics or to allow tliem access to
the records, so that they may be enabled to
recovcr what is due them by the Government.
I trust that tins difficulty will be provided for.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already explained
to the House that it is fully provided for in its
appropriate place. If the gentleman will look
at the bounty bill, which is now a special order
and will come up immediately after the civil
service bill, he will find that the ninth section
provides for that whole matter. But this bill
lias a different object—to give the soldier some-
thing lo preserve as a memorial of his service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on flic
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF PENSION LAWS.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of
dames W. Webb, asking for an amendment of
the pension laws ; and the same was referred
to the Committee ou Invalid Pensions.
LOST DISCHARGES.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
Bernard Quinn and others, asking for some
legislation upon the subject of lost discharges ;
and the same was laid on the table.
DUPLICATE DISCHARGES.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Lucius
E. Marshall, of Harrisville, Wisconsin, ask-
ing for the passage of a law to provide for the
issuing of duplicate discharges ; and the same
was laid on the table.
PAY OP DISCHARGED OJfc'JflCBKS.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of citizens
of Jefferson county, Pennsylvania, for a modi-
fication of the law giving pay proper to certain
discharged officers; £nd the same was laid on
the table.
ABOLITION OP SUTLERS.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the remonstrance of
J. D. Stevenson against the abolition of sutlers
in the Army; and the same was laid on the
table.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of soldiflrs of the sixty-third Ohio volunteer
infantry, asking for additional bounty, have
directed me to report it back, and move that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be laid on the table,
as the matter is already provided for in the
general bill reported by the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question: whether his
committee expect during the present session
to bring iu lin adequate bounty bill ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. Such a bill has already
been reported, has been printed twice, with
and without amendments, and is the first busi-
ness in order after the civil service bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do the Committee on
Military Affairs intend to press that bill to its
passage ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. We do intend to press it
as strongly as wc can.
IMPRISONED UNION SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCI-IENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis have directed me to report back a
joint resolution for the relief of Union soldiers
now in prison in the United States for minor
offenses, together with a communication on the
subject from the War Department. The com-
mittee think no legislation necessary, and have
directed me to move that they be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject,
and that the joint resolution be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY, ETC.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the fame committee,
atau reported back sundry bills, petitions, &c.,
in regard to the bounty law, covered by
general law ; which were laid on the table.
POUT L K A Y E N VY 01 IT 11 MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1)42, donating a
portion of the Fort Leavenworth military res-
ervation for the exclusive use of a public road,
with the recommendation that, it do pass.
The bill provides that a strip of land one
hundred feet in width along the southern
boundary of the Fort Leavenworth military
reservation, in the State of Kansas, extending
from the Missouri river to the western bound-
ary thereof, shall be set apart for the perpetual
and exclusive use of a public road.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee have re-
ported this after an investigation of all the
facts and papers in the case.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and bciug engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; an-d also
mov«l that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TJtANPlT.Il OF INDIAN APFAIl'.S.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
House bill No. !)60, to restore the jurisdiction
of Indian affairs to the War Department. The
House having aheady passed an amendment
to another bill covering this subject, I move
that this bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the bill was laid 011 the table ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tbe table.  
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIZE MONEY 1'OR SIGNAL CORPS MBS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee
reported a bill to authorize the payment of
prize money t.o certain officers and enlisted
men of the Signal corps of the Army; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to the officers and
enlisted men of the Signal .corps of the Army
who performed duty in the fleet under the
command of Admiral Farragut, while that
fleet was engaged in action in Mobile bay on
the 5tli of August, 1864, from any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such
sum or sums of prize money to cach respect-
ively as will be equal to what has been allowed
in distribution to officers and sailors of the
Navy of corresponding rank, the same as if
their names had, in any ease been borne upon
the ship's booksv
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does this appropriation
come from the prize money, or is it an addi-
tional appropriation from the Treasury?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will probably come out
of the prize money which has accumulated at
the Treasury Department. We consulted the
Fourth Auditor's office, and it is not exactly
certain how the prize money has been distrib-
uted.
I will say that several officers and men
belonging to the Signal corps were detailed at
the request of Admiral Farragut to serve on
the veosels in the action iu Mobile Bay. In
the naval operations these officeife and men
exposed themselves, doing good service and
received the thanks of the naval commander.
When the prize money came to be distributed
they were left out, because the law provides
prize money shall only bo distributed to those
who are borne upon the ships' books. The
committee at first were not disposed to regard
the equities in the case, or to report favorably,
supposing it to be the first instance of the
kind anil would be establishing a precedent,
but it appeared afterward, in the case of Ad-
miral Porter's squadron, payment had been
made to signal officers^ and men serving with
that squadron, the precaution having been
taken to enter their names on the books, which
was not done in this case. Prize money also
was paid to the officers and soldiers of Harri-
son's army who served in 1812-15. with Com-
modore Perry upon Lake Erie. The commit-
tee looked into the facts of the case, and
recommend the passage o£this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being, engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made adverse reports on the
following cases; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolutions to consolidate the Census Bureau
and Provost Marshal's Bureau; petition of
Edward Kunkle; memorial of W. A. Howard ;
and petition of Seliua Coc, widow of S. B.
R. Coe.
JAMES KELLEY.
Mr. KETCH AM, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the payment of
Captain .Tames Kelley, of the sixteenth United
States infantry; whieli was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution directs the payment of
a sum equal to the pay, allowances, and emol-
uments of captain of infantry in active service
from the 2tth of June, 1864, till the 31st of
October, 18GC, in full settlement of his claim.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. If there is a
report in this case 1 would like to have it read.
