1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
$30,000 to furnish one dwelling-house, and
then $05,000 to pay for the trimmings, I for
one will .^ot record my vote in favor of such
wastefulness and wickedness; and I do not
think the Representatives of the people ought
to indorse any such wasteful and wicked ex-
penditures.
Mr. CONKLING. If the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] will allow me, I will state
that my recollection is that we have appropri-
ated for this Executive Mansion about seventy-
six thousand dollars in all.
Mr. PRICE. So much the worse then. I
am obliged to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Con'klinc;] for giving me that informa-
tion. And now we are asked to appropriate
$35,000 more.
Mr. CONKLING. A member near me says
that the amount we have appropriated is twice
the sum I have named.
Mr. PRICE. That is worse yet.
Mr. CONKLING. And not only that, but
in order that this Executive Mansion may be
made sound from roof to foundation, there is
another item here which reads as follows:
To thoroughly repair the roof of the Executive
Mansion, $2,500.
Now, if any gentleman on the Committee of
Appropriations, or upon any other committee,
will invent any mode, whatever may be its cost,
of reforming this Executive Mansion, putting
it in order outside and inside, making it de-
cently wholesome, I should feel that I was dis-
charging my duty by voting for almost any sum
that I can think of now, to accomplish that
purpose.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, (in his seat.) That can
be done by "cleaning out" the occupant.
Mr. CONKLING. A friend behind me sug-
gests that that can be done by " cleaning out"
the occupant. But you cannot do that by con-
tinuing to make appropriations; that is the
difficulty. If you could, I would be very will-
ing for one to vote for an appropriation for
that purpose.
I concur with the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] in expressing the hope that neither this
nor any other appropriation will be made for
the Executive Mansion, until we cau ascertain
that it is necessary for expenditures that can-
not be made out of the excessive suras which
have been heretofore appropriated.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose I have felt as
sincere a regret as any gentleman in this House
respecting the amount of appropriations that
have seemed to be rendered necessary for the
Executive Mansion. As a matter of truth and
justice, I am compelled to say that a large por-
tion of the appropriations heretofore made
have been necessary to satisfy preexisting
claims under a management of the Executive
Mansion which, to say the least of it, was un-
fortunate. Many gentlemen will understand
to what I allude.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not.
Mr. KASSON. At the close of the Admin-
istration of our late President, there was an
interregnum, during which a good deal of the
property in the Executive Mansion disappeared
by reason of the absence of a proper custodian
of the property. The house was left almost
naked of available furniture. And it was
necessary to make, and we did make, I think
with a liberality which, to say the least of it,
was just, if not more than just, the appropria-
tion which at that time was deemed necessary.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to state what amount was appro-
priated in two or three bills pretty early in the
last session for furniture in and decorations of
the Executive Mansion?
Mr KASSON. Iam unable to state what
all the appropriations would amount to if added
together; I can only make the general state-
ment that the whole amount is very large. I
now make the additional statement that the
appropriation here asked for is not to pay for
future expenditures. I am compelled to say
that a member of the Committee of Appropri-
ations, who has taken no part in this debate,
made an examination of the Executive Man-
sion at the request of the committee, and
reported to us upon the facts as he found them
to exist there. This appropriation is, in point
of fact, to pay for property that is to-day in the
possession of the United States, and is now in
the Executive Mansion. I regret that the gen-
tleman who made the examination does not
state himself the result of that examination as
reported to the committee. All I have to say
upon the subject is, that if the property now
in the Executive Mansion be not paid for, we
must return that property.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there an opportunity
to do that?
Mr. KASSON. My friend from New York
understands of course the only way in which
it can be done. It is to take down the furnish-
ings in part, so far as it can be done, and
return them.
I wish to add one other statement, which is,
that I sincerely believe there has not been for
several years so excellent a management of
this department of the Executive Mansion as
exist there to-day in respect to the care of the
property. Formerly, owing to a deficiency in
the attendance at that Mansion a great deal of
property was destroyed. Casual visitors com-
ing in cut out pieces of the lace curtains and
in other similar ways mutilated the furniture
for the purpose of carrying away mementos—
acting on a belief, which unfortunately is largely
practiced upon by many, that as the public
property is the property of the people, a minute
portion of it belongs of right to each indi-
vidual. In this way the Executive Mansion
became more dilapidated about a year or eight-
een months ago than it probably ever was
before during the existence of the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask whether the recent change
proposed in reference to the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings will have a tendency
to relieve us against any such trouble in the
future ?
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] has expired.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend by
striking out the last word of the paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, if my recollection serves me
truly, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,]
sometime during the last session, speaking
more or less in behalf of the Committee on
Appropriations, assured the House that there
had been substantially no improper carrying
away of property from the Presidential Man-
sion; that some bijouteries and matters of that
sort had been removed, and that to some extent
curtains and other things of that sort had
been mutilated by people taking away frag-
ments as mementos.
Mr. KASSON. Will my friend allow me to
correct his recollection in that particular?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. So far as concerned one
person touching whom the public prints had
made charges I made a statement that the
responsibility did not rest there, but that the
damage and loss of the public property resulted
as I have stated to-day from a species of inter-
regnum, at a time when nobody was in active
and honest charge of that property. The state-
ment I made simply exculpated one person
touching whom the public prints had made
charges.
Mr. CONKLING. I recollect the zeal with
which the gentleman wiped away the stain of
which he speaks. I think I remember also
that he gave the House to understand that be-
yond the carrying away of gifts and ornaments
and certain things which might properly be
taken, and the disposition made of a couple
of vases, if I remember correctly, there had
been very little of the furniture of that house
taken away.
But I will admit for the purpose of the pres-
ent argument that it was all taken away, that
the house was stripped of curtains, carpets,
furniture, and decorations. And then I want
to remind the committee that not less than
$76,000—1 state this sum because it was after-
ward ciphered up and thrust in the faces of
myself and others as the extravagant sum
which we had voted for this purpose—not less
than §70,000 I say was appropriated 
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ? I think if he will look at
the various sums appropriated for this purpose
since Mr. Lincoln's death he will find that
they amount to double the sum he has named.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well, sir; then I
will add a hundred per cent, to my statement,
on the responsibility of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and will endeavor to double the
force of the proposition when I submit to the
committee that if twice $70,000 has been spent
at a time like this in the ornamentation of that
house it is high time that we should resolve to
spend no more.
Now, I pass over all that rumor says, what
carpets have come here and not gone down
upon the floor, and what has been done other-
wise that is very unwholesome, on this subject.
And I say if there be furniture in that House
which twice $70,000 has not paid for and which
can be returned to those who furnished it, let
it be returned in the name of common honesty
and ordinary decorum, and do not let us in
addition to everything that affronts the public
sense, in addition to everything that affronts
common decency concerning this White House,
do not let us become particeps criminis in
lavishing enormous sums loosely and improp-
erly on the decoration of this private and offi-
cial residence.
Mr. PRICE. I have moved to strike out
this paragraph for the reasons so well given by
the gentleman from New York. I was not
aware at the time we had spent $152,000 on
this White House if the statement of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] be
correct. I submit to this House whether
$152,000 is not amply sufficient to furnish and
decorate any dwelling of the size of the Exec-
utive Mansion in the land? As my friend from
Minnesota says it is enough to build the house
and furnish it. In the Committee of the Whole
there is no laying upon the table and no order-
ing of the yeas and nays; but if by any possi-
bility my motion to strike out should not pre-
vail, I hope by some parliamentary tactics we
will be able to get a vote in the House, so that
the country may know who is for and who is
against this extravagant appropriation.
One hundred and fifty-two thousand dollars
to furnish and paint one man's house in this
country 1 We are Republicans, are we? and
yet we are going to tax the people to the extent
of $152,(500 to paint and furnish the President's
House. Let us see whether the people are
willing to be taxed for this purpose or whether
they will permit those to remain here who vote
for such an extravagant appropriation.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the amount of $152,000 which
he names does or does not include the items
of appropriation in this bill? I am told that
it does. I want to ask further whether the
$152,000 does not include all the appropria-
tions for a series of years as well as the appro-
priations contained in this bill?
Mr. PRICE. I want to say to the gentle-
man from New York, right here and now, that
this $152,000 has been expended since the
death of Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. RADFORD. It is for a series of years
and includes the present amount asked for.
Mr. PRICE. Not according to the testi-
mony.
Mr. RADFORD. It is a fact whatever tha
gentleman's testimony may be.
Mr. PRICE. We are dealing with the facts
and figures before the committee, and if these
facts are correct we have expended $152,000
for finishing and furnishing the Executive
Mansion. \ et we are now asked for $35,000
additional. For one, while I have a seat upon
this floor, I will protest in the name of com-
mon honesty to the people who are the tax-
payers in this country against any such appro-
priation.
Mr. RADFORD. I would like to know
whether appropriation has not been required
