.1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I am very
anxious that this bill should be proceeded with
until finally acted upon. I desire that as early
as possible, without curtailing debate, this
House shall come to some conclusion as to
what shall be done with the rebel States. This
becomes more and more necessary every day;
and the late decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States has rendered immediate ac-
tion by Congress upon the question of the es-
tablishment of governments in the rebel States
absolutely indispensable.
That decision, although in terms perhaps not
as infamous as the Dred Scott decision, is yet
far more dangerous in its operation upon the
lives and liberties of the loyal men of this coun-
try. That decision has taken away every pro-
tection in every one of these rebel States from
every loyal man, black or white, who .resides
there. That decision has unsheathed the dag-
ger of the assassin, and places the knife of the
rebel at the throat of every man who dares pro-
claim himself to be now, or to have been here-
tofore, a loyal Union man. If the doctrine
enunciated in that decision be true, never were
the people of any country anywhere, or at any
time, in such terrible peril as are our loyal
brethren at the South, whether they be black
or white, whether they go therefrom the North
or nre natives of the rebel States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, unless Congress proceeds
at once to do something to protect these peo-
ple from the barbarians who are now daily
murdering them; who are murdering the loyal
whites daily and daily putting into secret graves
not only hundreds but thousands of the colored
people of that country; unless Congress pro-
ceeds at once to adopt some means for their
protection, I ask you and every man who loves
liberty whether we will not be liable to the
just censure of the world for our negligence
or our cowardice or our want of ability to do so?
Now, sir, it is for these reasons that 1 insist
on the passage of some such measure a-i this.
This is a bill designed to enable loyal men, so
far as I could discriminate them in these
States, to form governments which shall be
in loyal hands, that they may protect them-
selves from such outrages as I have men-
tioned. In States that have never been restored
since the rebellion from a state of conquest,
and which are this day held in captivity under
the laws of war, the military authorities, under
this decision and its extension into disloyal
States, dare not order the commanders of de-
partments to enforce the laws of the country.
One of the most atrocious murderers that has
ever been let loose upon any community has
lately been liberated under this very decision,
because the Government extended it, perhaps
according to the proper construction, to the
conquered States as well as to the loyal States.
A gentleman from Richmond, who had per-
sonal knowledge of the facts, told me the cir-
cumstances of the murder. A colored man,
driving the family of his employer, drove his
wagon against a wagon containing Watson and
his family. The wagon of Watson was broken.
The next day Watson went to the employer of
the colored man and complained. The em-
ployer offered to pay Watson every dollar that
lie might assess for the damage that had been
done. " No !" said he, " I claim the right to
chastise the scoundrel." He followed the
colored man, took out his revolver, and delib-
erately shot him dead in the presence of that
community. No civil authority would prose-
cute him ; and, when taken into custody by the
military authority, he is discharged by order of
the President under this most injurious and
iniquitous decision.
Now, sir, if that decision be the law, then it
becomes the more necessary that we should
proceed to take care that such a construction
as that shall not open the door to greater in-
juries than have already been sustained. Thus
much I have said at the outset of my remarks,
which shall not be very long.
The people have once more nobly done their
duty. May I ask, without offense, will Con-
gress have the cturage to do its duty? Or will
it be deterred by the clamor of ignorance,
bigotry, and despotism from perfecting a revo-
lution begun without their consent, but which
ought not to be ended without their full par-
ticipation and concurrence ? Possibly the peo-
ple would not have inaugurated this revolution
to correct the palpable incongruities and des-
potic provisions of the Constitution ; but hav-
ing it forced upon them, will they be so unwise
as to suffer it to subside without erecting this
nation into a perfect Republic?
Since the surrender of the armies of the
confederate States of America a little has
been done toward establishing this Govern-
ment upon the true principles of liberty and
justice; and but a little if we stop here. We
have broken the material shackles of four
million slaves. We have * unchained them
from the stake so as to allow them locomotion,
provided they do not walk in paths which are
trod by white men. We have allowed them
the unwonted privilege of attending church, if
they can do so without offending the sight of
their former masters. We have even given
them that highest and most agreeable evidence
of liberty as defined by the "great plebeian,"
the "right to work." But in what have we
enlarged their liberty of thought? In what
have we taught them the science and granted
them the privilege of self-government? We
have imposed upon them the privilege of fight-
ing our battles, of dying in defense of freedom,
and of bearing their equal portion of taxes;
but where have we given them the privilege of
ever participating in the formation of the laws
for the government of their native land ? By
what civil weapon have we enabled them to de-
fend themselves against oppression and injust-
tice? Call you this liberty ? Call you this a
free Republic where four millions are subjects
but not citizens ?. Then Persia, with her kings
and satraps, was free; then Turkey is free!
Their subjects had liberty of motion and of
labor, but the laws were made without and
against their will; but I must declare that, in
my judgment, they were as really free govern-
ments as ours is to-day. I know they had fewer
rulers and more subjects, but those rulers were
no more despotic than ours, and their subjects
had just as large privileges in governing the
country as ours have. Think pot I would slan-
der my native land; I would reform it. Twenty
years ago I denounced it as a despotism.
Then, twenty million white men enchained
four million black men. I pronounce it no
nearer to a true Republic now when twenty-
five million of a privileged class exclude five
million from all participation iu the rights of
government.
The freedom of a Government does not de-
pend upon the quality of its laws, but upon the
power that has the right to enact them. Dur-
ing the dictatorship of Pericles his laws were
just, but Greece was not free. During thqlast
century Russia has been blessed with most
remarkable emperors, who have generally
decreed wise and just laws, but Russia is not
free.
No Government can be free that does hot
allow all its citizens to participate in the form-
ation and execution of her laws. There are
degrees of tyranny. But every other govern-
ment is a despotism. It has always beeu ob-
served that the larger the number of the rulers
the more cruel the treatment of the subject
races. It were better for the black man if he
were governed by one king than by twenty
million. _ «~
What are the great questions which now
divide the nation? In the midst of the politi-'
cal Babel which has beeu produced by the in-
termingling of secessionists rebels pardoned
traitors, hissing Copperheads, and apostate
Republicans, such a confusion of tongues is
heard that it is difficult to understand either
the questions that are asked or the answers
! that are given. Ask. what is the "President's
i policy?" and it is dilficulfto .lefme it. Ask,
what is the "policy of Congress?" and the
answer is not always at hand._
A few moments may be profitably spent iu
seeking the meaning of each of these terms;
Nearly six years ago a bloody war arose be-
tween different sections of the United States.
Eleven States, possessing a very large extent
of territory, and ten or twelve million peo-
ple, aimed to sever their connection with the
Union, and to form an independent empire,
founded on the avowed principle of human
slavery and excluding every free State from
this confederacy. They did not claim to raise
an insurrection to reform the Government of
the country—a rebellion against the laws—but
they asserted their entire independence of that
Government and of all obligations to ita laws.
They were satisfied that the United States
should maintain its old Constitution and laws.
They formed an entirely new constitution; a
new and distinct government, called the "con-
federate States of America." They passed
their own laws, without regard to any former
national connection. Their government be-
came perfectly organized, both in its civil and
military departments. Within the broad limits
of those eleven States the '' confederate States''
bad as perfect and absolute control as the Uni-
ted States had over the other twenty-five. The
" confederate States" refused to negotiate with
the United States, except upon the basis of
independence — of perfect national equality.
The two powers mutually prepared to settle
the question by arms. They each raised more
than half a million armed men. The war
was acknowledged by other nations as a public
war between independent belligerents. The
parties acknowledged each other as sueh, and
claimed to be governed by the law of nations
and the laws of war in their treatment of each
other. On the result- of the war depended the
fate and ulterior condition of the contending
parties. No one then pretended that the eleven
States had any rights under the Constitution
of the United States, or any right to interfere
in the legislation of the country. Whether
they should ever have all men of both sec-
tions, without exception, agreed would depend
on the will of Congress, if the United States
were victorious. The confederate States
claimed no rights unless they could conquer
them by the contest of arms.
President Lincoln, Vice President Johnson,
and both branches of Congress repeatedly de-
clared that the belligerent States could never
again intermeddle with the affairs of the Union,
or claim any right as members of the United
States Government until the legislative power
of the Government should declare them enti-
tled thereto. Of course the rebels claimed no
such rights; for whether their States were_ out
of the Union as they declared, or were disor-
ganized and 11 out of their proper relations '' to
the Government, as some subtle metaphysicians
contend, their rights under the Constitution had
all been renounced and abjured under oath, and
could not be resumed on their own mere motion.
How far their liabilities remained there was
more difference of opinion.
The Federal arms triumphed. The confed-
erate armies and government surrendered un-
conditionally. The law of nations then fixed
their condition. They were subject to the con-
trolling power of the conquerors. No former
laws, no former compacts or treaties existed
to bind the belligerents. They had all been
melted and consumed in the fierce fires of the
terrible war. The United States, accordingto
the usage of nations, appointed military provis-
ional governors to regulate their municipal
institutions until the law-making power of the
conqueror should fix their condition and thelaw
by which they should be permanently governed.
True, some of those governors were illegally
appointed, being civilians. No one then sup-
posed that those States had any governments,
except such as they had formed under their
rebel organization. No sane man believed that
they had any. organic or municipal laws which
the United States were bound to respect. ^n°"
ever had then asserted that those States had
remained uni'ractured, and entitled to all the
rights and privileges which they enjoyed before
the rebellion, and were on a level with thbii
