loyal conquerors, would have been deemed a
fool, aid would have been found insane by any
mqaisi ton *' da huiaiico iiir/uircndo.: 1
In.B anarchical Government,";, where the sov-
ereign |ic«tr rests in.the Crown, the king would
have fixed the condition of the conquered
provinces He might have extended the laws
of hie cn p.re over them, allowed them to
retain portions of their-old institutions, or, by
conditions of peace, have fixed upon them new
aud exceptional laws.
In this country the whole sovereignty rests
with.thepeopie, and is exercised through their
Representatives in Congress assembled. The
legislative power is the sole guardian of that'
sovereignty. No other branch of the Govern-
ment, 110 other Department, no other officer
af the Government, possesses one single par-
ticle of the sovereignty of the nation. No
Government official, from the President and
Chief Justice down, can do any one act which
is not proscribed and directed by the legislative
power. Suppose the Government were now
to bo organized for the first time under the
Constitution, nnd the President had been
elected and the judiciary appointed: what
could either do until Congress passed laws
to regulate their proceedings?
What power would the President have over
anyone subject of government until Congress
had legislated on that subject ? No State could j
order the election of members until Congress i
had ordered a census and made an apportion-
ment. Any exception to this rule has been a j
work of grace in Congress by passing healing <
acts. The President could not even create
bureaus or Departments to facilitate his ex-
ecutive operations. He must ask leave of '
Congress. Since, then, the President cannot :
enact, alter, or modify a single law: cannot I
even create a. petty office within his own sphere i
of duties; if, in short, he is the mere servant '
of the people, who issue their commands to ,
him through Congress, whence does he derive 1
the constitutional power to create new States: ■
to remodel old ones; to dictate organic laws; 1
to fix the qualification of voters; to declare
that States are republican and entitled to com- j
mand Congress to admit their Representatives? j
To ny mind it is either the most ignorant and i
shallow mistake of his duties, or the most bra-
zen and impudent usurpation of power. It is
claimed for him by some as the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy. How absurd
that a mere executive officer should claim cre-
ative powers! Though Commander-in-Chief
by the Constitution, he would have nothing to
eommand, either by land or water, until Con-
gress raised both Army and Navy. Congress
also prescribes the rules and regulations to
govern the Army. Even that is not left to the
Commander-in-Chief.
Though the President is Commander-in-
Chief, Congress is his commander; nnd, God
willing, he shall obey. He and his minions
shall learn that this is not a Government, of
kings and satraps, but a Government of the
people, and that Congress is the jseople. There
is not one word in the Constitution that gives
one particle of anything but judicial and exec-
utive power to any other department of Gov-
ernment but Congress. The veto power is no
exception; it is merely a power to compcl a
reconsideration. What can be plainer?
THIS GGxVGKESSlOJS AL GLOBE
January H 
;| in the matter, except those of advice, and has l! spent ia vain. I waive now the question of
determined to maintain such denial. "My [ punishment which, if we are wise will stiH
;j policy asserts full power-in the Executive. | be inflicted by moderate confiscations, both as
the policy of Congress forbids him to exercise <i a reproof and example. Havin* these States.
| anv power therein. « we all agree, entirely within °the power rf
Beyond this I donot agreethatthe "policy"' , Congress, it is our duty to take care that no
,j ot the parties are denned. To be sure many -u.™  • ■ • ■ . .
;! subordinate items of the policy of each may ■
'' be easily sketched. The President is for cx- i
onerating the conquered rebels from all the !
expense and damages of the war, and for eom- 1
pelling the loyal citizens to pay the whole debt j
caused by the rebellion. - He insists that those
of our people who were plundered and their
property turned or destroyed by rebel raiders
shall not be indemnified, bat shall bear their |
own loss, while the rebels shall retain their
own property, most of which was declared for-
feited by the Congress of the United States.
He desires that the traitors (having sternly
injustice shall remain m their organic laws.
rHoldinjt them "like clay in the hands of the
potter, we must soe that no vessel ia made
for destruction. Having now no governments,
they must have enabling acts. The law of last
session with regard to Territories settled the
principles of such acts. Impartial suffrage,
both in electing the delegates and ratifying
their proceedings, is now the fixed rule. There
is more reason why colored voters should be
admitted in the rebel States than in the Terri-
tories. In the States they form thegreatmass
of the Joyal men. Possibly with their aid loyal
governments may be established in most of
executed that most important leader, Rickety |j those States. Without it all are sure to be
'All legislative powers herein granted shall bo
vested in a Congress of theUnited States. Such shall
consist of a Seuato and House of Representatives."—
Constitution United States, art. 1, sec. 1.
To reconstruct the nation, to admit new
States, to guaranty republican governments
to old States are all legislative acts. The
President claims the right to exercise them.
Congress denies it and asserts the right to
belong to the legislative branch. They have
determined to defend these rights against all
usurpers. They have determined that while
in their keeping the Constitution shall not be
violated with impunity. This I take to be the
great question between the President and Con-
gress. He claims the right to reconstruct by
nis own power. Congress denies him all power
Weirze, as a high example) should be exempt ,,
from further fine, imprisonment, forfeiture, |
exile, or capital punishment, and be declared j
entitled to all the rights of loyal citizens. He i
•desires that the States created by him shall be I
acknowledged as valid States, while at the !
same time he inconsistently declares that the ij
old rebel States are in full existence, and al- j
ways have been, and have equal rights with i
the loyal States. He opposes the amendment j
to the Constitution which changes the base of I
representation, and desires the old slave States \
to have the benefit of their increase of freemen •
without increasing the number of votes; in !
short, lie'desires to make the vote of one rebel !
in South Carolina equal to the voce of three '
freemen in Pennsylvania or New York. He \
is determined to force a solid rebel delegation j
into Congress from the South, and, together '
with Northern Copperheads, eould at once con-
trol Congress and elect all future Presidents.
In opposition to these things, a portion of
Congress seems to desire that the conquered j
belligerent shall, according to the law of na- I
tions, pay at least a part ot the expenses and \
damages of the war; and that especially the 1
loyal people who were plundered and impover- i
ished by rebel raiders shail be fully inaomni- I
fied. A majority of Congress desires thattrca- j
son shall be made odious, not by bloody exe-
cutions. but by other adequate punishments. <
Congress refuses to treat the States created :
by him as of any validity, and denies that the j
old rebel States have anv existence which gives j
them any rights under the Constitution. Con- !
gress insists on changing the basi3 of represent- !
ation so as to put white voters on an equality j
in both sections, and that such change shall i
precede the admission of any State. I deny \
that there is any understanding, expressed or
implied, that upon the adoption of the amend- '
ment by any State, that such State may be j
adnjitted, before the amendment becomes part !
of the Constitution.) Suchacoursewould soon
surrender the Government into the hands of
rebels. Such a course would be senseless, in-
consistent, and illogical. Congress denies that
any State lately in rebellion has any govern-
ment or constitution known to the Constitution
of the United States, or which can be recog-
nized as a part of the Union. How, then, can
such a State adopt the amendmeut? To allow
it would be yielding the whole question and
admitting the unimpaired rights of the seceded
States. I know of no Republican who does
not ridicule what Mr. Seward thought a cun-
ning movement, in counting Virginia and
other outlawed States among those which had
adopted the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery.
It is to be regretted that inconsiderate and
incautious Republicans should ever have sup-
posed that the slight amendments already pro-
posed to the Constitution, even when incorpo-
rated into that instrument, would satisfy the
reforms necessary for the security of the Gov-
ernment, Unless the rebel States, before ad-
mission, should be made republican in spirit,
and placed under the guardianship of loyal
men,  U our blood and treasure will have been
ruled by traitors; and loyal men, black and
white, will be oppressed, exiled, or murdered.
There are several good reasons for the passage
of this bill. In the first place, it is just. I am
now confining my argument to negro suffrage
in the rebel States. Have not loyal blacks
quite as good a right to choose rulers and make
laws as rebel whites ? In the second place, it
is a necessity in order to protect the loyal white
men in the seceded States. The white Union
men are in a great minority in each of those
States. With them the blacks would act in a
body; and it is believed that in each of said
States, except one. the two united would form
a majority, control the States, and protect
themselves. Now they are the victims of daily
murder. They must sutler constant persecu-
tion or be exiled. The convention of southern
loyalists, lately held in Philadelphia, almost
unanimously agreed to such a bilt as an abso-
lute necessity.
Another goad reason is, it would insure the
ascendency of the Union party. Do yon avow
the party purpose? exclaims some horror-
stricken demagogue. I dd. For T believe, on
my conscience, that on the continued ascend-
ency of that party depends the safety of this
great nation. If impartial suffrage is excluded
in the rebel States then every one of them is
sure to send a solid rebel representative dele-
gation to Congross. and cast a solid rebel elect-
oral vote. They, with their kindred Coppsr-
heads of the North, would always elect the
President and control Congress. While slavery
sat upon her defiant throne, and insulted and
intimidated the trembling North, the South fre-
quently divided on questions of policy between
Whigs and Democrats, and gave victory alter-
nately to the sections. Now, you must divide
them between loyalists, without regard to color,
and disloyalists, or you will be the perpetual
vassals of the free-trade, irritated, revengeful
South. For these, among other reasons, I am
for negro suffrago in every rebel State. If it
bo just, it should not be denied ; if it bo neces-
sary, it should be adopted ; if it be a punish-
ment to traitors, they deserve it.
But it will be said, as it has been said, "This
is negro equality!" What is negro equality,
about which so much is said by knaves, and
some of which is believed by men who are not
fools? It means, as understood by honest
Republicans, just this much, and no more:
every man, no matter what his race or color ;
every earthly being who has an immortal soul,
has an equal right to justice, honesty, and fair
play with every other man ; and the law should
secure him those rights. The same law which
condemns or acquits an African should con-
demn or acquit a white man. The same law
which gives a verdict in a white man's favor
should give a verdict in a black man's favor on
the same state of facts. Such ia the law of
God and such ought to be the law of man.
This doctrine does not mean that a negro shall
sit on the same seat or eat at the same table
with a white man. That is a matter of taste
which every man must decide for himself.
The law has nothing to do with it. If there
be any who are afraid of the rivalry of the
