1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to replace the furniture which it took ninety
and odd trunks to carrv away when the pre-
vious occupants left the White House. I know
from the steward that ninety and odd trunks
of goods were then taken away.
Mr. PRICE. I will say that it depends on
the size of the trunks and the quality of the
material packed in them so far as their value
is concerned. Then we should know who
placed them there and who carried them
away.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
reducing it $5,000, for the purpose of saying
that in the exercise of the feeling in which
most of us participate, that there has been a
gross misuse of the public money in this in-
stance, it is possible we may be doing injus-
tice to some meritorious people by striking out
the entire appropriation. In order that I may
vote intelligently, therefore, on this matter,
I ask the Committee on Appropriations, as
this is a deficiency, whether this or any por-
tion of it goes to pay the operatives, laborers,
or artisans who have been employed by the
Superintendent of Public Buildings, who have
carried on their work there innocently and in
good faith, who have rendered honest and
meritorious service, and who have not been
paid? In this aspect we must necessarily do
justice to these men, whether we can hold
responsible our own agents afterward or not.
I ask the chairman whether any portion of this
is for that purpose or not?
Mr. COCKLING. Jf the gentleman will
allow me I wish to say that I do not under-
stand that this question presents itself at all;
on the contrary, one of the oldest maxims of
the law is that if a party assuming to be an
agent, but not being such, makes an agreement
in which he does not charge his principal, he
charges himself. If the occupant of the White
House, or anybody in his interest, has em-
ployed an artisan to do that which he is not
authorized to do, to him, and not to the Gov-
ernment which he attempted illegally to rep-
resent, must that artisan look, and the la\y will
aid him in enforcing his claim.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that that
principle does not apply to this case. In the
first place the occupant had nothing to do with
making these repairs; they are made by the
Superintendent of Public Buildings. He is an
officer of the Government, and if in the exer-
cise of his duties within the scope of his
authority he has employed A, B, and C as
common laborers, I should be very sorry to be
placed in the attitude of sending them to this
agent., who, though acting in the general scope
of his authority, had exceeded the limitation
fixed by the appropriation, and making them
depend for their compensation upon the solv-
ency of such a person as might happen to bp
their employer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say simply
this: that the subject of repairing the White
House and furnishing it was thoroughly exam-
ined by the Committee on Appropriations last
session. No thorough repair or refurnishing
of it has taken place for a number of years. It
was very much dilapidated, a great deal of the
furniture destroyed, pieces of carpet cut, many
valuable things carried away, portions of table
furniture lost and sets broken up. Large appro-
priations have been made, I do not know now
much, probably $150,000 in all, for repairing
the building and refurnishing it, and it now
seems to be in a very good condition. The
appropriation asked for is the deficiency, to
pay for furnishing and work done upon and in
the house already as I understand it, and not
to purchase additional material or to do addi-
tional work. I suppose there is no other way
than to vote it. I dislike this way of half doing
business, and it is high time the House of Rep-
resentatives rebuked those officers of the Gov-
ernment who go on from time to time and run
the Government in debt which they are not in
advance authorized to do by act of Congress.
I desire to say another word in reply to a
remark of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Radford] in reference to the ninety trunks
or boxes which he says were carried away from
the White House. That whole matter was ex-
plained last session. The newpaper reports
and rumors with which the air was filled at
that time were shown to be false and without
any foundation whatever. The principal part
of these boxes were mere bouquet-boxes sent
to officers of the Army, as was shown. The
newspapers picked up the rumor and said that
the occupants of the White House were send-
ing away furniture in boxes.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. RADFORD. I do not make the state-
ment upon any newspaper report, but upon the
authority of the steward who packed the trunks
with the different kinds of goods at the time
they were carried away; and I wish now to say,
in addition to what I said, that an amount
equal, I think, to $30,000 of this appropria-
tion is for back indebtedness, to pay for the
goods that were carried away in those trunks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not by any man-
ner of means.
Mr. RADFORD. I assert it and defy con-
tradiction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man where he saw the testimony of the stew-
ard to that effect.
Mr. RADFORD. I got it from his own
mouth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We had him before
our committee.
Mr. RADFORD. And he swore to that fact
before the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There never was a
greater mistake, unless the gentleman alludes
to some other committee. Did he appear
before a committee of which I am a member
and swear to that ?
Mr. RADFORD. I do not know what com-
mittee; but a committee of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman did
not hear him swear and I did. He appeared
before the Committee on Appropriations, of
which I am a member, and was there examined,
and he neither swore to it nor stated it.
Mr. RADFORD. He is in town.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is not a word
of truth in it.
Mr. RADFORD. Does the gentleman deny
that $30,000 of the appropriations is to cover
that amount which was taken away?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do. These appro-
priations were made for the purpose of refur-
nishing the White House because it was in a
dilapidated condition, no thorough refurnish-
ing of it having taken place during the entire
period of the war, when Washington city was
more full of men than ever before or since ;
when everybody, soldiers and all, who flocked
to Washington flocked also to the White House
to see it and its inmates. The doors wereopen,
and during those four years there must neces-
sarily have been large dilapidations, wearing
out of carpets, and destroying of furniture.
The building as well as the furniture had gone
into decay generally.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of making a statement to the House
in answer to the intimation of the gentleman
from Tennessee, and some of the facts stated
here. FirsL let me say I concur with the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxsworth] as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations; and secondly, let me state
in answer to the gentleman from Tennessee
that we did find that the Executive Mansion
was greatly worn and the furniture very much
dilapidated in consequence ofthe extraordinary
influx of visitors during the war, and that large
appropriations were necessary to fit it up for
occupancy with the decency and propriety that
belonged to the Executive Mansion of a great
Republic.
And again, I wish to say that a portion of
the expenditure now provided for I understand
to be exclusively for the articles now contained
in the White House, and for the work done in
putting them in a proper condition, and that
this appropriation is reported by the committee
because the simple alternative is presented to
the committee of either refusing to pay for the
property that we have received, to pay the
laborers for putting it in its place, or else to
abandon it and leave them without any pay
whatever. That is the whole question as pre-
sented by the committee, and all I desire is
that the Committee of the Whole shall under-
stand the facts.
It will be observed that the language of the
appropriation is "for completing the repairs
and furnishing the Executive Mansion." It is
intended to close the whole account, and I
have only to say that while Congress did appro-
priate for the subject proposed, namely, the
repairs and furnishing, the amount required to
complete the work has been in excess of the
amount appropriated; and I think the only
question really before the committee is whether
they will allow the property to be returned, or
so much of it as can be returned, or whether
tljey will allow Congress to place the United
States in a position of failing to pay the bills
that have been incurred by authority of the
persons in charge, but in excess of the appro-
priations heretofore made. I believe that to
be the whole question, and if the committee
understand it I shall very cheerfully accord
with their decision, whatever it may be.
Mr. HILL. I do not understand that it is
the Congress of the United States that is pla-
cing the country in this attitude. At the last
session we appropriated, if I recollect right,
$30,000 for repairs upon the White House.
Now, that was as mucn as to say to those who
had that matter in charge that when they had
expended that sum they had gone to the ex-
tent of the authority conferred upon them by
Congress; that they should not expend one
dollar beyond it. The course they should have
pursued then was to have expended that amount
of money, and there stopped, instead of going
on as they did with the general system of im-
proving the White House under their own idea
of how it ought to be improved. After ex-
pending the money they should have waited
until Congress appropriated a fur!her sum.
But they have gone on and expended, not only
the $30,000 appropriated, but $o5,000 more.
Now, sir, if we are to abandon the principle
that Congress is to appropriate the money that
is to be expended by the Government we ought
to vote this down, and we ought expressly to
declare that we do it because we do not any
longer adhere to the principle that Congress
must make appropriations before the money
can be expended. If we recognize the princi-
ple that money may be expended without au-
thority in this case we may as well recognize
it in any other case. Now I am not disposed
to be niggardly in regard to the expenditures
of the White House merely because it happens
to be occupied as it is now under peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case by the present incum-
bent. Whatever is fair, right, and liberal I
am in favor of. But whatever we give let us
give it in accordance with law.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
withdraw it ?
Mr. BIDWTELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I should be glad to close
debate on the subject, for there is a great deal
of business back of this. I withdraw my amend-
ment, but unless the debate closes very soon I
shall make the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I renew the amend-
ment for the purpose of saying that so far as
is shown by what Congress has done upon this
subject the intimation made by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson'] that these expenses
have been incurred in consequence of the ex-
travagance or misconduct of anybody con-
nected with Mr. Lincoln's Administration is
not sustained, if the Committee on Appropria-
tions have dealt ingenuously with the House
and with the country.
