1867.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
I find that on the 19th of December, 1865,
Congress passed an act containing an appropri-
ation of $30,000 for the furnishing and repair-
ing of the Executive Mansion. It does not
appear to have been a deficiency appropriation.
But it has since appeared, if the Committee on
Appropriations have diligently inquired into
this matter, that the expenditures by Mr. Lin-
coln's Administration, which had then for eight
months ceased to exist, had not amounted to
inore than 830,000.
Subsequently to that, and on the 7 th of April,
1866, Congress appropriated $16,000, which
upon the statute appears to be an appropria-
tion for prospective expenditures; for it is
distinctly stated that the appropriation is made
in conformity to estimates. Therefore, inthfe
nature of the case, if the language employed
by the Committee on Appropriations was in-
tended to express the truth the appropriation
was for an expenditure thereafter to be made.
Subsequently, on the 28th of July, I860, we
appropriated $20,000 more, which by the lan-
guage of the statute was also for an expendi-
ture not then made.
Therefore if you charge to Mr. Lincoln's
Administration the sum of $30,000 appropri-
ated in December, 1805, it still appears that
for expenditures at the Executive Mansion
under the present Administration we have ap-
propriated $66,000. And now we are asked
to appropriate $35,000 more upon the ground
of expenditures already incurred. If that
money has been already expended, then it has
been expended for some extravagant purpose,
if for nothing more, and it has been expended
without authority of law. It is no disgrace to
this House or to the country that we refuse to
ratify and approve that expenditure. But it is
a disgrace to the country if public servants, of
whatever grade or rank, by incurring expendi-
tures without authority of law may lay an ob-
ligation upon us to meet them. The only way
in which we can rebuke these people, and the
only way in which we can put a stop to such
expenditures in the future, is to throw upon
wasteful or extravagant or dishonest public
servants the necessity of paying for or return-
ing these articles which they have purchased
without authority of law. Let them also
suffer the disgrace, which is only too slight a
punishment for their conduct.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to correct a slight
mistake made by myself when I was last upon
the floor. I then stated that of the amount
appropriated for the Executive Mansion, $30,-
000 was for past indebtedness. I am now in-
formed, and Ibclieve correctly, that the amount
of past indebtedness was $20,000 ; and the bill
for that amount presented by a Mr. Alexander,
of this city, was signed by Mr. Lincoln. I
make that correction, adding .that what I now
state I believe to be the exact truth.
Mr. SPALDING. I beg leave to state for
the information of this committee, that before
the Committee on Appropriations consented to
insert this last item in this appropriation bill,
they sent a member of their committee, the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blow,] to the
White House to examine into the correctness
of every item included in this sum. He re-
ported to the committee that this item of ap-
propriation was necessary. Am I right in that ?
1 think I am correct. The member of the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Blow,] went to the White House, and with a
lady there he went over all the rooms, exam-
ined the articles included in the bill, and re-
ported to the committee that this appropriation
was necessary.
Mr. KASSON. I ask for two or three
minutes only, to express my regret that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
weli,] has seen proper to revive again the
scandals that pertained to the recent session,
not the present session,but the last session of
this Congress. I regret it. sir; and I distinctly
state now—for I will adhere to the truth at
whatever cost—that the sums to which the
gentleman has referred were in large part ap-
propriated to pay prior expenditures in excess
of the appropriations, and I wish now to say
that it was done simply for the reason that
those appropriations were insufficient to ac-
complish the purpose that had been previously
authorized, and that the officers of the Gov-
ernment who were in charge of the matter,
instead of stopping the work when the amount
appropriated had been exhausted, went on to
complete the work authorized, without awaiting
the additional appropriations. I say again
that the same (question arises here to-day upon
this appropriation ; but I will not go further
into that subject, which was discussed on a
former occasion; for I do not believe in wash-
ing (to use the phrase of a certain newspaper)
the dirty linen of the Republic in the eyes of
the world ; and I will not do it.
I desire simply that the committee shall
understand that the object of this appropria-
tion was authorized, but that the expenditures
exceeded the amount of the appropriation ;
and the only question is whether we shall now
foot the bills or leave the parties who fur-
nished the property and did the work unpaid.
For the purpose of closing debate on this
section, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (II. R. No. 1227) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for tlie service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, had directed him to report
that the committee had come to no resolution
thereon.
MAtL CONTRACTS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, transmitting in com-
pliance with the twenty-second and twenty-
fifth sections of the act of July 2, 1836, the
annual report of that Department on contracts,.
&c. ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
representation of georgia.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
privilege and present the credentials of Mr. J.
H. Christy, claiming a seat in this House as
a Representative from the sixth district of
Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
referred under the rule to the joint Committee
on Reconstruction.
deficiency appropriation bill again.
Mr. KASSON. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the deficiency appropriation bill all debate
on the pending section terminate in one minute.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman
will allow a-little longer time for debate. I
desire to occupy five or ten minutes.
Mr. KASSON. Very well; for the purpose
of accommodating my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I will modify my
motion so as to terminate debate on the pend-
ing section in five minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The last two
paragraphs of this section are important and
should not be disposed of without any debate.
One of them contains an appropriation of
$50,000 for the American Colonization Society.
Mr. KASSON. Very well: I modify my
motion so as to terminate debate only on the
pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and thatthe House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to resume the consideration of
the deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Allison* in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1227J makingappropriationsandto supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867. and for other purposes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the pend-
ing amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I have given some
attention to this subject, and I confess that I
should feel very much mortified if the House
shouldrefusetovotetheamountofmoney which
the committee propose to appropriate. Twenty-
nine thousand dollars of the first appropriation
went, as I am informed, to pay previous in-
debtedness, therefore the present occupants
of the Executive Mansion can only be charged
with the expenditure of the remainder of the
appropriation. I also ascertained on inquiry
that the Executive Mansion had never been
thoroughly refurnished and in good condition
since the days of the administration of Presi-
dent Pierce. We know that the family which
now occupies it when they first went in found
it almost entirely stripped of many things
which were necessary for their comfort and
convenience, and that they had to go upon the
streets and purchase table linen and articles
necessary for furnishing the beds in that estab-
lishment. We know that the carpets were all
faded and soiled, and that the East room was in
no condition to be exposed to the inspection of
visitors.
The committee reported an additional appro-
priation last spring, which has already been re-
ferred to. The Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds—not the President, for he
gives it no especial attention—proceeded to
institute a thorough renovation of the White
House. After going on for awhile he informed
the committee that the amount appropriated
was insufficient, and at the close of the last
session we made an additional appropriation
to complete the object in view.
When it was found that the appropriation
was insufficient to restore the White House
from the dilapidation into which it had fallen,
the Commissioner and the President's family
were in this dilemma: should they proceed to
put it in a condition in which it could be thrown
open to visitors, or should they allow it to re-
main as it was and exclude all visitors during
the coming winter season. After taking the
advice, I am informed, of some members of this
House and of some of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, and on being advised that it was their
duty to prepare for visitors, that the people
expected that it would be thrown open, and
that they would run no risk in throwing them-
selves upon the generosity of Congress in this
respect, the work was proceeded with.
It was evidently the intention of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that the Executive
Mansion should be placed in a good eondtiion,
so that the present occupants could make
themselves and their guests comfortable and
leave it in an inhabitable condition for the
occupants who should come after them. The
committee were satisfied that $35,000 in ad-
dition was necessary for that purpose. This
money lias been expended, and the only thing
now is, will Congress ratify that expenditure
and pay for what has been furnished for the
Executive Mansion? Any gentleman who will
examine it will fiud that it is only enough to
make it decent and comfortable for those who
occupy it. Some of the rooms are still poorly
carpeted and very cheaply furnished. Sir, this
is a matter in which the President and his
family have but very little interest compara-
tively. They are but the temporary occupants,
and ought to be only expccted to take reason-
able care of the house and furniture while
they occupy it. The best and most expensive
rooms are only used by them when thrown
open for the reception of company. We ought
to feel as much interest as they in seeing that
the establishment is in a fit condition for the
reception of company and the inspection of the
public.
[Here the hammer fell.l
