11801
THE OOATGRBSSIQNAL GLOBE.
black roan in office or in business, I Bave only
to advise them to try and beat their competitor
in knowledge and business capacity, and there
w no danger that bis "white neighbors will prefer
his African rival to himself. I'know there is
between those who are influenced by this cry
of "negro equality" and the opinion that there
is still danger that the negro will be the smart-
est, for 1 never saw even a contraband slave
that had, not more sense than such men.
There are-those who admit the justice and
ultimate utility of granting^ impartial suffrage
to all men, but they think it is impolitic. _ An
ancient philosopher, whose antagonist admitted
that what he required was just but deemed it
impolitic, asked him: "Do you believe in
Hades?" I would say to those above referred
to, who admit the justice of human equality
before the law but doubt its policy: " Do you
believe in hell?"
How do you answer the principle inscribed
in&ur political scripture^" 1 hat to secure these
rights governments are instituted among men,_
deriving their just powers from the consent of
the governed ?'' Without such consent govern-
ment is a tyranny, and you exercising it are
tyrants. Of course, this does not admit male-
factors to power, or there would soon be no
penal laws and society would become an an-
archy. But this step, forward is an assault upon
ignorance and prejudice, and timid men shrink
from it. Are such men fit to sit in the places
of statesmen?
There are periods in the history of nations
when statesmen can make themselves names
for posterity j but such occasions are never
improved by cowards. In the acquisition of
true fame courage is just a& necessary in the
civilian as in the military, hero.- In the Refor-
mation there were men engaged as able and
perhaps more learned than Martin Luther.
Melancthon and others were ripe scholars and
sincere reformers, but none of them had his
courage. lie alone was willing to go where
duty called though "devils were as thick as
the dies on the houses.And Luther is the
great luminary of the Reformation, around
whom the others revolve as satellites and shine
by his light. We may not aspire to fame. But
great events fix the eye of history on small
objects and magnify their meanness. Let us
at least escape that condition.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
the substitute of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Steveks] by striking out all after
the enacting clause and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
That it is hereby declared that the Stat© govern-
ments which havo been organized-in that portion of
tho territory of the United States in which "the re-
bellion in its revolutionary progress hasdeprived the
peopio of all local civil governments," to wit: in the
Statesot Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louis-
iana, Mississippi, North Carolina. South Carolina,
Texas, and Virginia, are not valid constitutional
State governments, having been established without
authority of law, under tho duress of military power,
and without the voluntary cooperation and ratifica-
tion of tho loyal citizens of the United States residing
in said States; and all laws enacted in pursuance of
authority derived from such State governments, and
all acts doncbyanyofficerthereof.arehercby declared
void, exccptso far as tho laws and acts of said gov-
ernments may be approved and ratified by the con-
stituted authorities of the State governments organ-
Lied as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatall male citi-
zens of the United States above the age of twenty-one
years, residents for six months in cither of the States
above named, and teu days next preceding any elec-
tion within the election district in which they shall
offer to vote, and who will take the oath hereinafter
prescribed, are hereby authorized and invited, in the
name and on behalf of tho people of the United States
represented in Congress, to organize constitutional
State governments in cnch of tho States aforesaid;
and the term "citizens of theUnitcd States," as used
in this act, chall be taken andheld to include all per-
sons, irrespective of racc or former condition of servi-
tude, born in the United States, or naturalizod in
pursuance of its laws.
Sec. 3. And be it further encteted% That constitu-
tional State governments may be organised and
established in each of tho Statesnamed in the first
section of this act, as follows:
First. All male citizens of the United States above
the age of twenty-ono years shall be qualified to vote
for delegates to tho conventions herein authorized,
and none other, who will first take the following oath :
" I, A. do solemnly swear (or affirm) that on the
4th day of March. A. D. 1864, and at all times there-
after. 1 would willingly have complied with tho re-
quirements of the proclamation-of the President of
too United States, issued on the 8th day of December.
A.D.186-3, had a safe opportunity of so doing been al-
lowed me: that on tho said 4th' of March. 1864, and at
all times thereafter, I was opposed to thccontinuauce
of the rebellion and to the so-called confederate
government, and voluntarily gavo no aid or oneour-
agementthereto, but earnestly desired tho suppres-
sion of the rebellion and the rcestaMishment of the
Union and the authority of the Government of the
Un ted States; that I will, at all times hereafter, use
my best endeavors to perpetuate tho Union of these
States, and maintain in any State of which I am an
inhabitant a government completely republican, in
which all men shall enjoy equalprotection and equal
rights; that I am not now, nor have I been since the-
4tn of March. A. D. 1865, a member of any organiza-
tion, sccret or otherwise, inimical to the peace and
unity of the Govornment of the United States and
the rights of loyal citizens thereunder; that I have
never "treated officers or soldiers or sailors of tho
United States captured during the late war other-
wise than as lawful prisoners of war; and that I will
henceforth bear. true faith and allegiance to the
Government of the United States and to the constitu-
tional State government which shall bo organized
and established by the people of this State in pur-
suance of this act-. So help me God,''
Second. A convention for each of the States here-
inbefore designated, to bo composed ofas many dele-
gates as each were entitled to members in the most
numerous branch of their respective State Legisla-
tures under their old State governments, shall bo
selected at a mass convention in each representative
district by those qualified to voto under tho provis-
ions of this act.
Tho delegates thus selected shall assemble at tho
late State capitol, or at such point as may be agreed
upon, within thirty days after their election, and,
before organizing, shall each take and subscribe, in
a book to be provided for that purpose, the following
oath:
"I, A.B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borno arms against the United
States since I became a citizen thereof; that I have
voluntarily given no aid, counscl, or encouragement
to persons in armed hostility thereto; that I have
never held any office, civil, military, or naval, under
any authority, or pretended authority, in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary support to any protended government author-
ity, power, or constitution within the United States
hostile thereto; that I will, at all times hereafter,
use my best endeavors to perpetuate the Union of
these States, and maintain, in any State of which I
am an inhabitant, a government completely repub-
lican, in which all men shall enjoy equal protection
and equal rights; that I am not now, nor have I been
since th o 4th of March, A. D. 1865, a member of any
organization, secret or otherwise, inimical to the
peace and unity of the Government of the United
States and the rights of loyal citizcns thereunder;
that I have never treated officers, soldiers, or sailors
of the United States captured during tho late war
otherwise than as lawful prisoners of war; and I do
further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of ray knowl-
edge and ability, I will support and defend tho.Con-
stitution andGovernmeutoftho United States against
all enemies, foreign or domestic; thatl will boartrue
faith and allegiance to the same, and to such State
government as may be organized and recognized by
the Congress of the United Stat es, as the constitutional
government of this State: that I tako this obligation
freely, without mental reservation or purpose of
evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about
to enter. So help me God/'
Third. The delegates who tako and subscribo the
above oath, and they only, shall then organize the
convention, and proceed to determine whether they
are willing to adopt the terms herein proposed by tho
Congress of the United States, and recommend their
acceptance to the people of their respective States.
If the convention vot© affirmatively, thoy shall then
proceed to select five'eitizens, distinguished for their
loyalty and fidelity to the Constitution and tho Union
of these States; and tho persons thus selected shall
act as a provisional committee of public safety lor the
State until a constitutional State convention shall
assemble and elect a provisional governor for the
State, as hereinafter provided. Any three of thU
committeeshallconstitutoaquorum for business. Tho
duty of said committee shall bo to eeo that tho pro-
visions of this act, and the orders of tho convention
appointing them, are faithfully executed. Bcforo
entering upon the dischaigoof their duties they shall
tako and subscribo the oath above prescribod to bo
taken by members of the convention.
Tho provisional committees thus selected for each
State shall, within thirty days after the adjournment
of the respective conventions which appointed them,
meet and organise by selecting one of their own num-
ber for president, and one to act as secretary and
treasurer, after which they shall issue an address to
tho electors qualified to voto under the provision* of
this act, notifying them that they have accepted tho
trust committed to thf*m by the convention, and that
they are ready to cooperate with all good-disposed
citizens, who are willing to take the oath herein pre-
scribed for electors, and in eood faith enter upon the
work of reorganizing loyal State government*.
Tho provisionalcommitteothus appointed for each
ef the States shall, as soon as possible after organ-
izing, appoint sub-provisional committees for each
county in the State, to be composed of three doctors
of undoubted loyalty, who, before aeting under sueh
appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath above
proscribed, and in addition." that they will faithfully
perform all lawful duties imposed upon them by the
provisional committee for tho State/*
The provisional committee tor each State ypall
Icn ftrmmnfc a suitable number of competent loyal
citizens to act a« judges and clerks of elections, who*
in addition to the oath above presaribed, shall take
and subscribe such an oath as tho provisional State
committee may prescribe, faithfully to perform tire
duties of judges and clerks of tho elections herein
provided for.
The provisional committee for each State shall, 3s
soon as practicable after appointing the committees
and judges and clerks of election herein provided for,
issue a call inviting all citizens of tho United States
entitled to voto under the provisions ©f this act to
elect delegates to a constitutional convention,, who
shall be charged with the duty of farming-a consti-
tution of State government, subject to the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the provisions of this
act. ,
The provisional committee for each State shall
designate the time and manner in which delegates to
the respective constitutional conventions shail be
elected, giving at least sixty days' notice of sueh
election. They shall also, apportion the State into
as many districts as there aredelegatesto be elected,
taking care to secure an equitable representation as
near as may bo to those entitled to voto in the State
under the provisions of this act: Provided* That said
delegates shall be elected in single districts, and all
voting shall be by ballot: Andprovidedfitrthcr, That
thonumberof delegates in each Stateshall not exceed
thenumbor of members to which such State was enti-
tled under their oldgovernmenfc in the most numerous
branch of its Legislature.
The judges and clerks Of elections-herein author-
ized to be appointed shall make and keop two poll-
books at each plaec of voting, in which the name of
each voter shall be registered, and within three days
after the election transmit one of them, duly signed,
sealed, and certified, to the president or aetingpresi-
dent of thepro visional State committee, and the other
to the provisional committee for the county in which
the election is held, which committ© shall open and
publish theresult in said county; and tho provisional
State committee shall, within thirty days after tho
election, open andinspcet the election returns for the
State in the presence of at least three loyal citizens;
and they shall declare the person having the greatest
number of votes in each district duly elected a mem-
ber of tho convention; and the certificate of the presi-
dent or acting presidont of the provisional State
committee shall entitle the holder to a suat in the
convention.
Immediately after canvassing the returns of said
election tho provisional State committee shall issue
a public call appointing a time and a placo for tho
meeting of said convention, which time shall bo
within sixty days after said election.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the members
of the said convention thus elected in each State
shall assemble at tho time and place designated in the
call of the respective provisional State committees;
but before entering upon the discharge of theirdu-
ties the presidont or acting president of the provis-
ional committee for the Stateshall administer to each
delegate the oath hereinbefore prescribed for the
members of the first convention, and no dclegateshall
be permitted to act in such convention who refuses to
tako and subscribe said oath; and a majority of th©
delegates thus oleeted shall constitute a quorum of
said convention. Each convention after organizing
shall first declare its assent on behalf of those whom
they represent that tho peopio of said State adopt the
Constitution of the United States and aecept it as the
8upremelaw of theland; whereupon the said conven-
tion is authorized to select* provisional governor and
all neccssary officersfoV thesaid Stato, including State,
district, and countyjudges. And the governor and all
officers thus provisionally appointed shall discharge
tho duties imposed upon them under such rules and
regulations as the convention may prescribe until a
governor and such officers as may be authorized by
law for said State are elected and qualified; after
which tho said convention shall be, and it is hereby,
invested with full power and authority to form a con-
stitution of State governmont for said Stato: Pro-
vided, That the constitution when formed shall be re-
publican and not repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States and the principles of the Declaration of
Independence; And provided further, That said con-
t vention shall provido by an ordinance forever irre-
1 vocablo without the consent of Congress—
First. That all persons in this State are free and
equal before the law, so that no man can hold anothor
as a slave; and all laws enacted by this Stateshall be
impartial, without regard to racc or former eonditioa
of servitude.
Second. That this Stato shall never assume or pay
any debt or obligation contrasted in aid of insurrec-
tion or of war against tho United States, or any claim
for tho loss or emancipation of any slave.
i! Third. That this Stato will establish and maintain
<1 a well-organized systein of free schools for all children
in the Stato between six and twenty years of age,
i! from which no child shall bo excluded because of race
i < or color.
H Fourth. That no person who has held office, civil,
< military, or naval, under eithor of the recent revolu-
','i tionary governments, State or coniederate, shall be
'i allowed to bold anyofficcofhonororprofituuder said
State government nntil tho Legislature thereof, by
special act in each case, and by a two-third vi te, «h&U
have granted a full and unconditional pardon te such
person. . .
Fifth. That whenever the constituted authorities
of this Stato, aided by a sufficient number of the
people thereof, shall attempt to dissolve the consti-
tutional relations of this Stato with tho Govornment
of the Unitod States, or shall attempt to form alli-
ances with other States or with foreign Powers, or
shall levy war against the United States, such acts or
.1 either of them snail at once deprive this State of its
n light to representation in Congress; and the Con-1
■ gross of the United States, which represents the sov-
  j a> iV _  k uaW liAfMimifjml (i£r K fHr..
The provisional committee iov cacn oiaie t\ ws w yuiwu yu w . -■
also appoint a suitable number of competent loyal '' eretgnty of the nation, is heroby recognized ashav-
