1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the text
by adding the following:
Provided, That no further payment shall be made
on any accountfor repairsand turnishingthe Execu-
tive Mansion until such accounts shall have heen
submitted to a joint committee of Congress and
approved by such committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The queston then recurred on Mr. Price's
motion to strike out.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 38, noes 50. ,
Mr. PRICE demanded tellers. j;
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Price and ;
Mr. Niblack were appointed. i!
The committee again divided ; and the tellers j.
reported—ayes 54, noes 63.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To supply a deficiency in fuel for the President's
House and for the Capitol, $2,000.
Mr. CONKLING. If we can have an
understanding that we shall be allowed once
in the House, on the yeas and nays, to vote on
these propositions I will be'satisfied.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman does not
make any motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I refrain from making
any motion in order to have such an under-
standing.
Mr. KASSON. I refer the gentleman to the
chairman of the committee. I am not in charge
of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a question of order.
I understand debate is not in order by an order
of the House. I shall be glad to know, how-
ever, I am mistaken.
The SPEAKER. Debate was only closed on
the previousparagraph.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman has taken
up three minutes of my time, and if he will only
sit down I will go on with my remarks.
If necessary to get a vote on the yeas and
nays in the House we should skirmish in Com-
mittee of the Whole on these appropriations I
am ready to do it.
Mr. ROSS. What is the question before the
House?
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read by the Clerk. I do not
know what this fuel has been expended for, but
I do know the convictions of the people have
burned at the stake for a good while at the
White House. I am opposed to it for the rea-
sons which have been assigned in reference to
these other amendments, and I wish the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
would be kind enough to say whether we may
have a vote in the House on these amendments
without spending any more time here, or upon
some one of them.
Mfl. STEVENS. We shall have a vote upon
the amendments which are adopted by the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Thegentleman will under-
stand that. I mean simply the amendments in
reference to these paragraphs making appro-
priations forthe President's House. We have
passed upon one of them, and I have moved to
strike out the second.
Mr. STEVENS. I will agree not to call the
previous question, but will give the gentleman
an opportunity to offer an amendment to strike
out this paragraph.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HILL. I renew the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkling]
merely to say that if he desires to celebrate
his withdrawal from this House by a display
of insolence and impudence toward his fellow-
members, he is certainly welcome to all the
honor he can reap in that way.
I raised a question of order in good faith;
one that had heretofore been ruled upon by
the Chair. I desired myself to make a motion
in regard to a subsequent portion of the bill.
I intended nothing derogatory to the gentle-
man's right to be heard in this House, and I
think his remarks were very unbecoming.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what
remarks the gentleman from Indiana refers to.
If he is talking merely for the pleasure of
hearing the sound of his own voice I under-
stand it entirely; but I was not aware that I
made any remark to him or about him at
which he could take offense. The only re-
mark that I can recall is, that having spent
two or three minutes in settling the question
of order we should go on with business. If
that was any offense to the gentleman from
Indiana, if ho is so thin skinned as that, I am
sorry for it. That is all I have to say.
Mr. LE BLOND. If I understood the gen-
tleman from New York[Mr. Conkxi.nt,] aright,
his proposition was that a vote should be taken
in the House upon the paragraph that we have
just passed upon as well as upon other para-
graphs. Did I understand him correctly?
ilr. CONKLING. I think not, if I now
understand the gentleman from Ohio. There
is no understanding that I have except the
promise of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that when we get in'o the House
he will allow me there to move this and the
two corresponding amendments.
Mr. LE BLOND. Exactly; and I wish
merely to say this in reply: it seems to me
that every member of this committee has quite
as much power in settling this question as the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and when this committee has passed upon and
rejected a proposition, it is out of the power
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations or of anybody else to consent that a
vote shall be taken upon it in the House, and
I for one protest against any such arrangement.
The committee has already passed upon this
proposition, and I Jo not propose to go back
and give the Opposition an advantage in the
House, and an opportunity to renew their at-
tacks upon the Executive Mansion.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines one hundred and twenty-seven
and one hundred and twenty-eight, as follows:
To thoroughly repair the roof of the Executive
Mansion, $2,500.
I submit this motion for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the committee to this mode
of making appropriations^ We have already
appropriated §35,000 for "completing the re-
pairs of and furnishing the Executive Man-
sion. This is an appropriation "to thoroughly
repair the roof." With the same pi'opriety
we might appropriate money for thoroughly
repairing the floors and the walls, and thus
we might go over the whole matter again.
It appears to me that the Committee on Ap-
propriations permit themselves to be deceived
by the estimates; and in following the esti-
mates, it seems to me that they fall into traps.
We had before us the other day a bill which
provided in four different places for the same
manure for the public reservations. In one
place it was called "top-dressing," in another
"manure," in another place it cameunder the
designation of "hauling," and in another place
an appropriation was made for the "cartage"
of it. I tried to get at the matter then, but all
debate had had been cut off. These items
were included in the estimates of the Commis-
sioner on Public Buildings and Grounds. I
do not trust him or his estimates. I do not
believe in his efficiency, and I am sorry to
say I do not believe in his honesty.
Mr. KELLEY. Amen !
Mr. PIKE. How about his poetry?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think he is about as
good an officer as he is a poet; but of that gen-
tlemen can judge for themselves.
I merely wished to call attention to the fact
now, so that when we vote in the House with-
out debate, we may know that here, as in the
other bill to which I have referred, the same
thing is provided for over and over again.
This, I believe, is one of the amendments
on which it is conceded a separate vote shall
be taken in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not conceded.
Mr. CONKLING. This is one of the para-
graphs to which I referred.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I insiston the motion
to strike out.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] has reflected upon the Committee
on Appropriations for making four differett
appropriations in a former bill for the same
manure. Let me say that those appropriations
were for manure for four different lets, the one
in front of the Capitol, the one in the rear, and
two others. We did not specify them by name ;
but there were four lots to be provided for.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is thor-
oughly mistaken. I looked at the estimates,
and also at the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I do not care much
about the matter oneway or the other.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion ; and there were—ayes 39, noes 40 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schexck
and Marshall were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 58.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and twenty-nine and one hun-
dred and thirty, which are as follows:
To pay for a sewer on Third street and Missouri
avenue, $696.
I would like to know upon what principle or
for what reason the Government is to pay for
building sewers on streets which are not in
front of public reservations or of public prop-
erty. I would inquire of the Committee on
Appropriations whether this sewer is to be
built in front of any reservation or public prop-
erty? I know of no reason why we should
build a sewer on these streets. It is a matter
that should be provided for by the city govern-
ernment of Washington unless these streets
are in front of some public reservation or public
office.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must know
that Congress takes care of all the avenues and
the city takes care of all the streets. This
item is for a sewer on one of those avenues.
Mr. SLOAN. The .law as it now stands
does not provide that the United States Gov-
ernment shall take care of all the avenues
of the city. It only provides that where those
avenues pass by the public reservations and
the public property a charge shall be made
against the Government for theirimprovement.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that the old law required what I
claim ? The law to which the gentleman refers
is a late law.
Mr. SLOAN. I have had occasion to look
into this'question of what the law requires the
Government to do in this regard. I find that
there was a law upon the statute-book provid-
ing that the Government should defray the
expense of improvements so long as there was
any fund derived from the sale of certain lots.
Since that fund has become exhausted there
has been no law requiring the Government to
pay anything, although a bill was presented
on the part of the city and paid, amounting to
$40,000, for money expended for work for
which there was no law; there was no law
until 1864, when a law was passed defining
what portion of this expense the Government
should pay. That definition is this: that the
Government shall pay for improvements on
the avenues only where they are in front of
the public reservations.
As I understand it, there has been no practice
requiring the Government to pay for these
expenses since the fund to which I have re-
ferred was exhausted, and we now have a law
upon the statute-book expressly defining what
improvements we shall pay for. And this
appropriation is asked in direct violation of
that law, and I hope it will not be granted.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Sloan ; and being taken, there were—
ayes 48, noes 44; no quorum voting.
