254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
ing power and authority to do any act not inconsistent
with the rales of civilized warfare to protect the
lives and property of citizens of the United State.-?
residing in this State, and for the restoration of this
State to its constitutional relations with the national
Government upon such terms and conditions as they
nfay prescribe.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in case any
convention hereby authorized shall form a constitu-
tion of State government for the people of said
State in compliance with the provisions of this act,
the convention forming the same shall provide by
ordinance for submitting said constitution and ordi-
nance to the people of said State for their approval
or rejection at an election to be held at such time
and place and undersuch regulations as the conven-
tion may prescribe : at which election the electors
qualified to vote for delegates to the convention
and none other, shall vote directly for or against said
constitution. And the returns of said election shall
be made to the provisional governor, who shall open
and canvass the same in the presence of at least
three loyal citizens of the State within thirty days
after said election, and if a majority of legal votes
shall be cast at such election for said constitution
and ordinance, the provisional governor or acting
provisional governor shall certify the same to the
President of the United States, to the President of
the Senate, and Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, together with a certified printed copy of the
proceedings of said convention and of the constitu-
tion and ordinance adopted. Whereupon the Con-
gress of the United States shall determine whether
the foregoing conditions have been complied with
by the citizens of said State, and if Congress shall
approve the constitution and ordinance submitted to
them said State shall bedeclared entitled to all the
rights, privileges, and immunities and be subject to
all the obligations and liabilities of a State in the
American Union.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the con-
vention may authorize the election of all State, coun-
ty, or Other officers provided for in the State consti-
tution, and for Representatives in Congress, at the
same time the question of ratifying or rejecting the
proposed constitution and ordinance is submitted to
the people: Provided, That no Senator or Repre-
sentative shall be admitted as such until Congress
shall have declared the State entitled thereto.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted* That it in either ;
of the States above named the conventions herein
authorized shall decline to accept the terms proposed
in this act as conditions-precedent to tho restoration
of said State to its constitutional relations with the
national Government, and shall refuse to form a
constitution of State government, subject to the con-
ditions and limitations herein prescribed, the con-
vention tbus refusing may, and it is hereby invited
to, submit to the Congress of the United States for
their approval, modification, or rejection such plan
of restoration as they may agree upon; Provided,
That such plan shall declare: first, that the Consti-
tution of the United States is the supreme law of the
land; second, that theconstitution of said State shall
guaranty the freedom and equality of all persons
before the law: third, that all voting in said State
shall be by ballot, and suffrage shall be impartial,
without distinction of race or color. That no debt or
obligation contracted by this State in aid of insur-
rection or of war against the United States, or claim
for loss of property during the war, or for compensa-
tion for loss or emancipation of arty slave, shall ever
be made by said State upon the United States, or be
assumed or paid by said State,
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That in the several
States wherein a provisional governor is authorized
by this act to bo appointed the judges provisionally
appointed as herein provided shall navo such juris-
diction, both civil and criminal, of all eases whereof
the State courts of such State had cognizancc on the
day when it renounced its obedience to theConsti- i
tution of the United States, and said laws not incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act shall continue
to be rules of judgment of said courts in such State
until a State government is formed and recognized
as above provided. And said courts shall have such
additional jurisdiction as the said convention ap-
pointing them may proscribe: Provided, That all
laws, judicial decisions, or usages of said State which
recognize or sustain any form of slavery, or which
exclude the testimony of persons of color, or which
deny them the right of trial by jury, or which make
any distinction because of race or color or former
condition of servitudo, shall be utterly void within
said State.
Sec. &« And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall falsely take either of the oaths herein pre-
scribed he may be indicted and prosecuted for tho
crime of perjury in any court or distrietcourt of the
United States having jurisdiction of the person, and
upon conviction thereof shall be imprisoned in the
pemteutinry at hard labor not less than three nor
more than ten years, and pay the cost of prosecu-
tion; and in the trial of any person for perjury undor
the provisions of this act. or for any offense against
tho laws of the United States in either of the States
naindtt in the first section of this act. no persou shall
bo qualified to sit upon tho jury until ho shall have
taken the oath herein prescribed to be taken by
members of tho constitutional convention, and the
court may require any juror to take it unless he shall
swear that he cannot truthfully do so.
Skc. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States is horeby authorized, and
it shall be hi* duty, to furnish so much military aid
as the provisional committee or provisional governor 1
selected in pursuance of this act for either of tho
States hereinbefore named shall doom necessary to
WOteetthc polls and k.«op tho p.«aco at the elections
herein authonm!; and he shah *o dispose and em-
ploy tho military and u.ival lorees o« tho Uuitou
States as? to enfaivo the piompt and efficient exeeti
tion of the provisions of this act, and to secure order
and obedience to the laws of the United States in
said State,
Skc. 11, And be it farther enacted, That if in any
of the States above named any person or persons
shall conspiretogetberorattemptforeiblyto obstruct
or prevent the peaceful assembling of the loyal citi-
zens of said States to petition the Congress of the
United States, in pursuance of the provisions of this
act, the person orpersonssooffendingshall bedeemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon trial and convic-
tion before any court or district court of the United
States having jurisdiction of the person shall be
punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary not
less than three nor more than ten years, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That if any pro-
visional governor appointed as herein provided snail
be unable because of forcible resistance to his au-
thority to administer the State government over
which he is called to preside, with the aid of such
military and naval force as the President of the Uni-
ted States may be able to furnish as above provided
that he be, and he is hereby, authorized to organize,
arm, and equip such military force as he may deem
nccessary to keep the peace and enforce the laws
and such ordinances as the constitutional convention
in such State may require said governor or any offi-
cer appointed by them to execute.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if the pro-
visional governor or the judge of any court, or any
officer appointed or authorized to be appointed by
either of the constitutional conventions organized as
hereinbefore prescribed, is unable becauseof forcible
resistance to execute civil process, the provisional
governor of such State may proclaim^ martial law and
suspend the writ of habeas corpus in the county or
district in which such resistance is made, and may
order the arrest and imprisonment during the con-
tinuance of martial law of any person or persons who
shall resist, or conspircto resist, by force the establish-
ment of such governments as are herein authorized;
and if the persons combined to resist the civil and
military power of the provisional government herein
authorized are too numerous to be arrested and im-
prisoned by the ordinary process of law, the pro--
visional governor shall call on the President of the
United States, and it shall be his duty to furnish such
military aid as the said Governor may deem neces-
sary to cooperate with the militia force of the said
State, which ho is hereinbefore authorized to call
into service to keep the peace, protect the courts,
and execute the laws.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That when the
constitutional convention for the State of Texas shall
have assembled and organized, as provided in this
act, said convention may divide the State into two
States: Provided, That said convention shall first
cedc to the United States all right and title of said
State to any partoftho territory hereinafterdescribed
and not included within the proposed boundaries
of either State, to wit: all that part of the territory
of said State lying west and north of the following
boundaries: commencing at a point formed by the
'intersection of the Itio Grande with tho twenty-fourth
degree of longitude west from Washington; thence
northward along said twenty-fourth degree of longi-
tude to its inteisection with the main branch of Red
river: thence eastward down the main ehannel of
said river to its intersection with the twenty-third
decree of longitude west from Washington, (being
tho presentboundarylinebetween Texas andthe In-
dian Territory;) thence northward along said twenty-
first degree of longitude to tho northern boundary
line of Texas; thence westward along said northern
boundary line of Texas to its intersection with the
present eastern boundary of the Territory of New
Mexico; and said convention shall cause such cession
to bo so made to tho United States so as to include
all right and title to the soil not disposed of by the
State of Texas prior to the 4th day of March, A. D.
1861. and from the date of such cession the title to all
the territory thus ceded shall vest in the United
States, and the territory so aequiredshall be attached
to and thereafter form part ot fhe Territory of New
Mexico.
The said convention may then divide the State,
either by beginning at the month of the Colorado,
where it empties into Matagorda bay, or atthe mouth
of the Brazos, and following up the main channel of
either river until its intersection with tho twentieth
degree of longitude west from Washington; thence
northward along said twentieth degree of longitude
to its intersection with the Red river; and all east of
said boundary line shall constitute tho State of Texas,
and the remainder may be erected into a new State
with such name as tho convention may select and
Congress approve.
After the dividing line shall have been agreed upon,
the members of said convention residing within the
limits of the proposed States shall assemble in sep-
arate conventions and organize as hereiubcfore pro-
vided, and proceed as directed in this act: first, to
selcct a provisional governor and all other officers for
the State, whereupon each convention shall be, and
they are hereby, vested with power and authority to
form a constitution of State government for the State
of Texas and the proposed new State, in accordance
with the conditions and limitations prescribed for the
Slates named in this act.
SkO. 15. Andbe it further enacted. That if any person
shall be elected a delegate to any constitutional con-
vention herein authorized who cannot take the oath
above prescribed because h*  has held some subordi-
nate civil or ministerial ottiec under either of the
revolutionary governments, ^fate or confederate, but
who is able and willing to take said oath, except so
far as to swear that he h.is never held any office under
either of said protended governments, the conven-
tion, after having been duly organized, may. by a
two-tVIrd vote, if the) are satisfied ot the loyalty and
fidelity of the person asking for admission, permit
him to take tho oath, omitting the clause, "that
have never held any civil office," and admit him to
a seat in the convention, if be is otherwise qualified.
bec. lb. And be it further enacted, That acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be. and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, in the remarks
which I propose to make at the present time
I shall not speak particularly upon the substi-
tute presented this morning by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] because I
have had no opportunity to examine it; but I
shall rather occupy the attention of the House
in giving my opinion upon the present state of
affairs with regard to the insurrectionary States
than to enforce it by a recital of the facts and
arguments upon which it is based. It has got
to be time now for action if we are to fulfill
the reasonable expectations of the country dur-
ing the life of this Congress, and for one I am
quite ready to act.
Three modes of dealing with those States
have been proposed and are now before us for
consideration and decision:
1. The President's plan of admission at once
to a full participation in the Government, treat-
ing them as if they had never been in rebel-
lion ;
2. The let-alone policy, which would merely
refuse them representation in the General Gov-
ernment until they had adopted the constitu-
tional amendments proposed at the last session
of Congress, with perhaps the addition of ne-
gro suffrage;
3. The immediate action by Congress in
superseding the governments of those States
set up by the President in 1865, and establish-
ing in their place governments founded upon
loyalty and universal suffrage.
It is not worth while to waste words upon
the President's " policy." It is res adjudicaia.
lie explained it at length to the people before
the election, and the better they understood it
the more emphatically they condemned it.
What little life his plan had during the last
session of Congress was crushed out of it by
the weight of the popular avalanche at the
polls : and now that the Democratic party has
deserted the Administration—as rats do a sink-
ing ship—there are no mourners at its grave.
It and its cognate, "universal suffrage and uni-
versal amnesty," are laid out of the question
We are not to allow the rebels to participate in
the Government they sought to destroy without
being somewhat shorn of their capacity for mis-
chief: nor are we to purchase of them good
conduct toward the loyal men in their midst
by entire condonation of crime. We cannot
afford to ignore all distinction between rebel-
lion and loyalty just yet. Neither the past nor
the future demand such action at our hands.
The second plan stands in.a somewhat pecu-
liar position. The constitutional amendments
should be adopted and will be. They have been
sanctioned by the popular judgment in the most
decided manner. There are no reasons why
loyal men should object to them.
But the question of their acceptance or
rejection is quite outside of these States. It
is one with which they have nothing to do.
Should they persist in their desire to be ad-
mitted to representation, it is quite certain they
cannot succeed during this Administration
unless they each of them adopt these amend-
ments. is o State can have representation here
that does not itself subscribe to them. Such
an adoption would constitute a badge of loyalty
that is indispensable.
Whether having adopted the amendments
they shall be admitted is another and different
matter. As yet there is no agreement to that
effect. A bill was prepared at the last session
providing for their admission under certain
contingencies; but it failed, and its failure
indicates an indisposition on the part of Con-
gress to hamper itself with pledges.^
Undoubtedly there were expectations on the
part of many of the voters that tliose States
would be admitted upon the adoption of the
amendments. The national committee of the
Union party issued an address to that effect.
The constitutional amendments were called
