1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the "congressional plan" and antagonized
against the President's "policy." It is not
improbable that many members in the canvass
declared themselves willing to vote for the ad-
mission of every State that should adopt these
amendments. If so, they should fulfill their
pledges. That should always be done. But
it is matter of individual concern. There is
nothing binding me, either as a member of
this Congress or a member of the Union party.
I have made no agreements here or elsewhere
to admit the representation from any of those
States upon such contingency, and do not pro-
pose to do so.
Undoubtedly they would have been admitted
had they or any of them adopted the amend-
ments. It may not be too late now. I should
not undertake to say what would be the action
of the two Houses if they should at once accept
the amendments.
Furthering this idea, it is said that a propo-
sal is to be made that the House shall make a
direct promise to those States in the shape of a
resolution pledging admission to any State that
shall ratify the constitutional amendments. But
such a resolution ought not to pass. A ratifi-
cation of the amendments by any of the rebel
States is at most but an indication of loyalty
on the part of the State ratifying. It has no
legal significance. The amendment was sub-
mitted only to the States recognized by Con-
gress as States, and their action alone should
fovern the question of its adoption or rejection,
f one of those States should give such.indica-
tion of loyalty as an adopWon of this amend-
ment would certainly be, and should accom-
pany it by a grant of suffrage to all loyal men,
of whatever color, I should cheerfully vote for
her admission. But let them adopt it grudg-
ingly and under protest, as Alabama did the
great anti-slavery amendment, determined to
give it in practice as little significance as possi-
ble,' and refuse to colored citizens their rights,
and I would not vote for the admission of such
a State, for I should deem the Union better
without her than with her. In any event I shall
retain to myself the privilege of judging in each
particular instance whether or not the State
applying shall be admitted to representation.
I am in no hurry about the admission of any
of them. It is better they should come in
gradually. They are incongruous elements at
best; let them be absorbed by degrees and
assimilate with the other States and thus do
the least possible harm to the body-politic. I
protest against any action here which shall
bind the House to admit all these States to
representation upon going through the formal-
ity of adopting the constitutional amendment.
They might do it as the rebels took the oath
in Maryland, declaring it unconstitutional and
not binding in conscience or law. They might
declare themselves under legal duress and
appeal to the Supreme Court for such protec-
tion as a majority of that body seems to be in
the way of granting to rebels. I beg the House
to commit itself to no such folly. " Every tub
on its own bottom." Let us judge each State
by itself, and let us make up that judgment in
the light of facts as they exist at the time we
act.
But there seems little probability that any of
the rebel States will comply with the terms and
seek admission through such channels. We
shall adopt the amendment by means of three
fourths of the loyal States, and then the ques-
tion will come back on us in full force, what
shall be done with the ten States not now
represented ?
The fact that the amendments have become
part of the Constitution by means of the action
of the other States will make little differenee
in our action toward them. They should not
be allowed to come back into the Union under
the implied protest which the non-acceptance
of the amendments by all of them would itself
be. They went out on what they called con-
stitutional grounds. Let them come back
with no unsettled questions between us. Let
them come like the new States of the West—
in harmony in feeling and interest with the
States now comprising the Government. The
Union is certainly stronger in all desirable
elements as it now is than it would be with the
other States in it as they used to be. We want
no more nominal union with them. Let us
make a clean thing of it, and settle everything
that is to be settled between us. We shall
never have a better opportunity in the whole
tide of time.
The third plan I have mentioned is for Con-
gress to act at once affirmatively, and, gather-
ing up the elements best fitted for the purpose,
proceed to constitute a State government which
shall take the place of that now in operation
under the sanction of the President.
The present governments seem to have been
the offspring of the military authority of the
Executive. I see by the newspapers that Judge
Ruffin, of North Carolina, pronounces the
present government of the State illegal because
the President's authority over the States has
ceased by the advent of peace, and also because
the conventions were called by him for special
purposes, and when these things he required
were done they were functus officio. Neither
rebels or loyal men or even the Democratic
party indorse the President's action.
It is clear that the President has no author-
ity to create a State. If, as he says, he found
the rebel States "destitute of all civil govern-
ment," he should have appealed to the law-
making power to carry into effect that great
clause of the Constitution guarantying govern-
ments to the States.
And the governments so established have
failed. Complaints are made to us from loyal
men in all those States, and we are urged to
interpose and protect the property and persons
of citizens of the United States not ivow
safe or rather entirely at the mercy of the pre-
vailing lawlessness. The memorial of the loyal
men of those States exhibits a state of things
which should call for the intervention of Con-
gress if the statements are true.
The reports of officers in charge of the
departments in which those States are situated
confirm the statements. General Sheridan in
his report to General Grant last month says :
" But justice is not done. To give yon an instance
of this, two soldiers were shot at Brenham, Texas,
about two months ago; they were unarmed and
offered no provocation. The grand jury could find
no bill against their would-be assassins, but found a
bill against Brevet Major Smith, seventeenth in-
fantry, for burglary,because he broke into the houso
of some citizen in his attempt to arrest these men.
"My own opinion is that the trial of a white man
for the murder of a freedman in Texas would be a
farce, and in making this statement I make it be-
cause truth compels me, and for no other reason.
"During the last six months Indian depredations
have taken place on the remote frontier. Their
extent is not defined as yet, but they are not very
alarming, and I think that the Governor has to some
extent been influenced by exaggerated reports gotten
up in some instances by frontier people to get a
market for their produce, and in other instances by
army contractors to make money?
"I have ordered two regiments of cavalry to the
frontier and placed a regiment of infantry at Austin,
to be moved if necessary.
" It is strange that over -a white man killed by
Indians on an extensive Iron tier the greatest excite-
ment will take place, but over the killing of many
freedmonin the settlements nothing is done. Ican-
not help but see this, and I cannot help but tell it to
my superiors no matter how unpleasant it may be to
the authorities of Texas."
His statement of the murder of soldiers is
paralleled by tlmt in South Carolina, where the
murderers of three soldiers on the Savannah
river in 1865 go at large and no attempt is made
to punish them. The court has decided that
military commissions have 110 authority, and
the civil authorities are indisposed.
General Sickles gives a better account of
South Carolina, but he says of some parts of it:
" 111 some parts of Barnwell, Edgefield, Newberry.
Cheater, Laurens, and Kichland districts, (counties,)
in South Carolina, a freedman has little security for
life, limb, or property apart from the presence and
protection of a garrison of United States troops.
There are other districts in the western part of South
Carolinawhere the same insecurity exists. The truth
is, that in certain localities of these States personal
encounters, assaults, anddifiicul ties between citizens,
often resulting in serious wounds and death, have
for years occurred without the serious notice or ac-
tion of the civil authorities; and in those neighbor-
hoods where it has heretofore seemed to the pop-
ulation officious to arrest and punish citizens for
assault upon each other they can hardly be expected
to yield with any grace to arrests for assaults and
outrages upon negroes. It is precisely in these local-
ities that the most impatience is displayed at the
presence of a garrison, because people who have
long violated civil law with impunity dislike martial
law or any other law that is enforced."
I am informed at the Freedmen's Bureau that
in Georgia during the last year there have beea
about one hundred and fifty murders of freed-
men and not a single punishment. The Wat-
son case in Virginia indicates the state of public
opinion there.
It is useless to go into details. The state-
ments could be duplicated almost everywhere
in the rebel Slates.
Besides this insecurity of life and property,
these present governments have ostracised
a large fraction of the loyal citizens of those
States. In two States and perhaps more a
majority of the whole population is so ostra-
cised. Black men are m the same condition
politically, now that they are citizens, as they
used to be when they were slaves.
Certainly, if ever the "United States," in the
language of the Constitution, were called upon
to intervene, it would be for the relief of Ameri-
can citizens so situated. That clause in the
Constitution is but a dead letter if it will not
apply now.
And I should hardly be willing to wait for a
decision of the Supreme Court affirming the
authority of Congress before we act. I i^tice
that a decision is threatened against such
action. I do not know that it is improbable.
But the court should recollect that it has had
bad luck with its political decisions. The people
of this country thus far have preferred to govern
the country themselves and let the court attend
to its law business. Both its great political
opinions have been reversed upon appeal to
the ballot-box, and the general opinion of the
bar of the country follows the popular verdict
rather than the judical decisions. The Consti-
tution, by furnishing Congress with a mode of
getting nti of both President and court, evi-
dently intended to make it "master of the
situation." Of course its ultimate powers are
not to be exercised upon slight occasions. But
the questions with which we have now to deal
embrace in their scope the well-being of a large
portion of the country and one fourth the entire
population. As an industrial and political ques-
tion weshall have none more important before
us during this Congress. Having determined
the proper thing to be done, it is the manifest
duty of Congress to take all the constitutional
methods within its power to compass it.
And 1 know nothing that promises so good
a result as to reorganize one or more of the
insurrectionary States. Perhaps it would be
wise now to make the attempt in such States
as offer the best opportunities for success: a
general bill, embracing the whole present diffi-
culties in its execution, which would bid fair to
shipwreck the attempt. Better allow a part to
await future developments, getting along mean-
time as best they may.
Nor do I see the wit of establishing territo-
rial governments, as is proposed. Why create
a territorial organization in a State of a million ■
inhabitants? Appoint a Governor from Wash-
ington, and provide that a delegate may be sent
here to speak, but not to vote? It looks like
a farce. It will serve no good purpose what-
ever. Certainly for domestic government it is
not needed, nor to prepare the machinery to
become a State. Such an organization would
be a laughing-stock to the people in the State
and out of it.
But let Congress provide at once for a con-
vention to frame a constitution, to be submit-
ted to Congress for its approval. The principal
question m such a case, upon which there
would be division of opinion, would be as to
to the qualification of voters. All who would
favor such organization would of course insist
upon ignoring color as a basis for suffrage: but
should there be any other restriction ?
Both education and property have been at
times insisted upon ; but I have hoped that,
since the prompt action on suffrage in the Dis-
