1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
silver, and at about that rate the paper roubles
were gradually withdrawn from circulation.
Whatever we issue as currency, by whatever
name we call it and whatever laws are passed
in reference to it, the foreign exchange will
determine its value by the standard of gold and
silver; and it will pass as currency according
to that standard of value. When a barrel of
flour sells here for fifteen dollars in currency,
and gold is worth fifty per cent, premium, ten
dollars will be the price here of a barrel of
flour in the coined money of the civilized world.
In other words, fifteen dollars in currency will
be the equivalent of ten dollars in coined
money.  
I am not in favor of an immediate resump-
tion of specie payments, nor am I ready to
name a time when I think specie payments
should be resumed; but, in my judgment, that
most desirable event should be constantly kept
in view, and any legislation calculated to re-
tard it should be strenuously resisted by every
one who regards the honor and the true inter-
est of the country. The settled policy of the
Government should be to resume specie pay-
ments at the earliest period that is possible
without jeopardizing the substantial interests
of the industry of the country; and all the
action of Congress in reference to the currency
and to finance should indicate that purpose.
Time is neccssary to accomplish the resumption
of specie payments ; but the preparatory steps
should commence now. It should bo under-
stood by every one that it is the settled policy
of Congress to reduce the amount of paper
money until its value is restored and becomes
equal to coin. I do not believe it necessary to "
withdraw all the legal-tender notes to accom-
plish that object, nor do 1 believe it necessary
to contract their amount to such an extent as
to derange the business of the country. I am
certain specie payments could be sustained
with a much larger amount of notes convertible
into com than formerly.
One of the great causes of money panics,
which so many seein now to apprehend, has
heretofore been the absence of any security for
the State bank notes. The failure of a few
banks produced a distrust of all banks, and
there was then a general endeavor among
those who held bank notes to get rid of them
by passing them to others or demanding coin
for them. The note of a failed bank organ-
ized under the general law of any State, with
security deposited for its circulation, wasnobet-
ter to one who could not afford to wait for pay-
ment of the note until the security was realized.
When such notes were received inpayment for
labor performed and were relied upon to fur-
nish the means for immediate support, if they
would not pass at, the shop, they must be sold
to the broker for whatever he would give—gen-
erally one half or less than the note represented
when it was received. Such panics have always
been the result of want of confidence, which
often extended to the most prudent and best
managed bank, as well as to those that had
been imprudentlymanaged. Few if any banks,
however well managed, can long sustain them-
selves against a panic caused by the sudden
loss of public confidence.
The notes of all the national banks arc made
absolutely as secure as the Government itself;
by law they are received at par in all parts of
the United States in payment for taxes and all
other dues to the Government, except for duties
on imports, and for all debts owing by the Uni-
ted Stales, except interest on the public debt.
Whenever a bank fails to redeem its notes in
lawful money it forfeits the bonds deposited as
security with the Treasurer. The Government,
then, so far as the holders of the notes are con-
cerned, assumes the liability of the bank, and
the notes are redeemable in lawful money on
demand at the Treasury of the United States.
This imparts sueh a degree of security and con-
fidence to the national bank notes, that they
circulate as well after as before the failure of
the bank.
There is never any general demand for coin
among the holders of bank notes so long as
there is confidence in the security of the notes.
They are generally held in small amounts for
immediate use, except by banks and bankers.
When the merchant or trader accumulates any
considerable amount of them in his business he
sends them to his bank to be exchanged for
credit on its books, which is known by the
technical name of" deposit," and which he can
draw out at any time by checks as he requires
money.
Nor will there be any general demand for coin
among those holding ''deposits" in banks so
long as the foreign exchanges are not against
the country. I say no general demand; there
is always more or less specie wanted in com-
paratively moderate sums for specific purposes.
But when a continuation of high prices has en-
couraged excessive importations from abroad
and has discouraged the shipments of our own
products to foreign countries, there is an out-
ward flow of specie created by the demand
for export to pay the foreign debt which has
accumulated. But the merchants and bankers
owe that foreign debt, and not the commu-
nity who hold the circulating notes. The mer-
chants and bankers at such a time will demand
their deposits from the banks in specie. If any
national bank fails under that demand, the
security for its circulating notes is not affected ;
and their notes will continue to circulate as
before until they are paid into the Treasury of
the United States or brought there for redemp-
tion. The banks in the city of New York, un-
der the exploded State bank system, almost
always held specie enough to pay their circu-
lating notes twice over. It was their "depos-
its,'' and not their circulation, that troubled
them whenever a general demand for specie
occurred.
Any general demand for specie is usually at
the shipping-ports on the sea-board for export,
to meet an unfavorable condition of the foreign
exchanges, and is mostly concentrated in the
city of New York. For that reason the city of
New York should be the common redeeming
point for the bank-note circulation. It may
be said that there was no foreign demand for
specie when the banks suspended specie pay-
ment in December, 1801 ; but that was an ex-
ceptional case. The banks then suspended vol-
untarily, as a matter of expediency, under the
apprehension that the effects of the war and
the urgent demands for money by the Govern-
ment would deprive them of their specie.
An unfavorable condition of the foreign ex-
changes is immediately indicated by an in-
creased demand for specie. Under a prudent
system of bank management that demand for
specie could generally be met without seriously
disturbing the business 'of the country. At
first a moderate contraction of bank loans
would be a sufficient check to it.. But if the
indications are disregarded, and the banks,
competing with each other, continue to stimu-
late the high prices by increasing, instead of
contracting their loans, the demand for specie
will increase until it becomes so intense that it
can neither be met nor controlled. The only
relief, then, is a suspension of specie payments.
I have been supposing and calling attention
to a condition of specie payments with no other
lawful money but coin, in which banks could re-
deem their liabilities, which has always been the
case in this country heretofore when the banks
paidspecie. Weliaveyettolearnwhatthe effect
would be in a condition of specie payments
in which the banks are authorised to redeem
their liabilities in legal-tender notes, as well as
coin, both being lawful mono-y. Experience
alone can indicate to ns what that condition
will require, if I supposed that we conld not
resume specie payments until all the legal-tender
notes were withdrawn from circulation, I should
feel that resumption was removed to a distant
future. I am bv no means certain that the
same percentage held by the Treasury in coin of
the legal-tender notes in circulation, which the
bank law requires to be held in lawful money
by banks in the city of New Y^ork of their
liabilities, namely, twenty-five percent., might
not bo sufficient to secure specie payments
on the part of the Government as well as
the banks. But .experience only can teach
us what amount of paper money the Govern-
ment can sustain, and what amount of liability
the banks can safely sustain, under the condi-
tion of being redeemable on demand in specie.
I admit that there is a good deal of speculation
in any views that may be presented on this
subject, as we have had no experience to guide
us; yet it is a road we must travel over, as we
progress in settling the future financial policy
of this nation. Of one thing we can be certain,
which is, that the larger the amount of specie
held in reserve to meet the redemption of the
paper money, and the larger the amount of
specie in the country, the larger will be the
amount of paper money that can be sustained
in circulation. It must be obvious to every
one that one hundred millions of coin would
sustain a larger amount of circulating notes
than ten millions of coin.
The resumption of specie payments cannot
be brought about, by a contraction of currency
so sudden and extensive as to disturb the in-
dustry of the country ; it must be by sueh action
on the part of the banks and the Government
as will render coin as valuable here as it is in
other countries. Until that is the case it is use-
less to talk of resuming specie payments. This
country is now the largest producer in the world
of the precious metals; but it may well be ques-
tioned whether the country derives any benefit
from this unrivaled production so long as we
treat it as merchandise, and of no use except
to be .shipped abroad and its proceeds re-
turned to us in foreign manufactures. The
injury this inflicts upon our own manufactures
and our own industry more than counterbal-
ances the gains of the miners. The fact that
the precious metals are exported shows con-
clusively that they are more valuable abroad.
The Bank of England and the press in Great
Britain never consider and represent specie to
be a mere product of labor to be exported, and
its accumulation as an incumbrance to be got
rid of as soon as possible; but it is valued as a
basis for the prudent extension of accommoda-
tions to the business and industry of the people.
Tho banks of England and of h'ranee are able
to hold large amounts of specie by pursuing at
all times the policy of watching and guarding
carefully the "exchanges" with other coun-
tries, and by discouraging and counteracting all
unusual inducement or tendency to export
specie. Under* wise laws and prudent manage-
ment the banks in the city of New York would
be practically, to a great extent from their po-
sition, the guardians and conservators of the
currency of this country.
It is to be hoped that Congress will resist all
attempts to remove the limitations and restric-
tions in the bank law, which were intended as
bounds, outside of which the banks could not
lawfully move with impunity to endanger the
prospei4ty of the country ; and that the amount
of their circulation will not be increased, nor
the amount of reserve of lawful money be de-
creased. There is a common misrepresentation
in regard tc the reserve of lawful money re-
quired by the law, in the statement, that no pur-
pose is accomplished by requiring a bank to
have the reserve, as the bank is forbidden to use
it. The truth is, however, that a bank is ex-
pected to use its reserve whenever the occasion
calls for it; but when by such use it is reduced
below the prescribed proportion to the liabili-
ties of the bank, no new loans can be made
by the bank until the proportion is restored,
either by reducing the liabilities or increasing
the lawful money. It is a minimum reserve of
power, to be used when necessary; but when-
ever reduced below that minimum, to be restored
again at the earliest time from the first income
and before any other use can be made of the
funds of the bank.
It has been urged that an increase of paper
money is needed to encourage industry and to
lift the business of the country out of the lan-
guishing condition into which it is snid to have
receutly fallen. I am told that importations
of foreign merchandise have recently been so
