1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
great that importers are sustaining heavy losses,
and look to Congress to relieve them by author-
izir% the issue of more paper money to raise
the prices of their merchandise, and the sale
of the surplus gold in the Treasury to furnish
greater facilities to pay for their importations.
At the same time an increase of the tariff is
demanded by the manufacturers to prevent this
competition of foreign merchandise, attracted
here by the high prices arising from the abund-
ance of money and the inflation of the currency
during the past year.
It is difficult to perceive how the increase
of paper money at this time could benefit the
manufacturers or promote the interest of labor.
It would only promotespeculation, and, byrend-
ering prices still higher, increase the cost of
manufacturing and the expense of living to the
workmen. On the other hand, a judicious re-
duction of currency might cause a gentle and
healthy contraction of bank loans sufficient to
reduce the cost of materials, so that manufac-
turers could again afford to start their works,
and their workmen could afford to live. The
extraordinary prices, mad speculations, and the
extravagance and fraud which have prevailed
oughfcto satisfy every one that it is time to
establish a sounder policy in the management
of the finances, and of the currency.
Any increase of paper money, either in bank
notes or legal-tender notes, would not render
money cheaper nor remedy the evils which the
industry; of the country is now laboring under.
In the cities of New York and Boston the cir-
culation of the banks when they were State
institutions was in each about eight million
dollars. Now the circulation of the national
banks in the city of New York is over thirty mil-
lions, and in Boston over twenty-four millions,
and yet the banks often cannot, or do notpay the
checks drawn upon them by their depositors,-
because, as they say, they have no currency to
pay with. So much of their reserve of law-
ful money is in compound-interest Treasury
notes, which they really hold for investment,
that they decline to pay checks drawn upon
them by their depositors, but require the checks
to be passed as money until they are settled at
the "clearing-house" as an offset for similar
checks on other banks received in the business
of the day.
This bill discourages the accumulation of
bank balances in New York by prohibiting
banks from returning as part of their reserve any
balances bearing interest, as no bank can afford
to pay interest on such balances unless it can
loan them. Suchbalancesare generally loaned,
therefore, "on call," as itis termed; that is, to
speculators, who pledge stocks or gold with a
margin, and with the understanding that they
may be at once sold on failure to respond
promptly to the demand to pay back the loan,
flic stock and gold speculations in the large
cities, and particularly in the city of New York,
arc generally sustained by such loans-; hence
the panics and decline in stocks which occur
whenever there happens to be any unusual
demand for money. Such loans cannot be
prohibited, but they should be discouraged.
They may be profitable to the banks, but they
are fraught with danger to the security of the
community. I understand that we are not
legislating to increase the profits of the banks,
but to increase their safety and usefulness to
the public. These balances are accumulated
in New York from banks in all parts of the
country, not for the redemption of their circu-
lating notes, but for the sake of the interest re-
ceived on them and their ready command for
speculation. It is not proposed that banks
shall not pay interest on balances, but that
such balances bearing interest shall not be
counted by any bank as part of its reserve
of lawful money. There is great danger if
interest is paid on them that balances will
be kept in the weakest banks; the weaker a
bank becomes the more tempting will be its
offers for such balances. If no interest is paid
by any, there will be more care in regard to the
character and management of the institutions
selected as redeeming agents.
It is unpleasant to many persons to listen to
the suggestion that a bank can be weak or
fraudulent or imprudent; they seem to con-
sider it irreverent.^ They think of well-man-
aged banks with which they have been familiar,
and feel as many do when they hear of back-
sliding in a clergyman, as if it was a reflection
on the pure, devoted, high-minded pastors
they have known. For the benefit of those
who entertain the impression that all banks are
immaculate tod do not require any restraining
influences of law, I would refer to the frauds
developed among banks during the past year;
for example, in the Merchants' National Bank
of Washington. And I will ask the Clerk to
read a few short extracts from a recent letter
published by Hon. C. Y. Culver, a member
_of this House, which gives some insight into
the actual management of banks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Extracts from letterdatedNovember, 1866, of C. V.
Culvj:r, in relation to the failure of Culver, Pcnn
& Co.:
"In 1861 my office was opened at Franklin, and
successively others at Titusville, Oil City, and other
points, as occasion demanded, by means of which I
became intimately connected as a banker with all
tho interests of the region. The rapid increase of
business made it both desirable and necessary to pio-
vide increased facilities for its accommodation, and
tho private banking offices were converted into cor-
porate banks." * * * * * *
" The entire management of theso banks was in-
trusted to mo as fully as had been that of my own
private business, and their success Was most satis-
factory." ** ******
" From a single private office at Franklin oureom-
bination extended by natural, healthy, and appar-
ently necessary growth, until it embraced twenty
banks and banking-houses, including tho central
office at New York, Culver, Penn & Co. All of these
pnjoyed tho highest degree of real prosperity, hav-
ing good credit, ample resources, large patronage,
and profitable employment for their means."
"Tho Venango Bank at Franklin and the Petro-
leum Bank at Titusville were organized, under the
free banking law of Pennsylvania. Their circula-
tion was secured by the deposit of Government bonds
of an equal amount with tho auditor general of the
State at llairisburg." . * * * * *
"I bought and deposited the securities, and ex-
changed them for others, at my own discretion, sub-
ject only to the approval of tho auditor general."
***********
44 You [tho president and directors] never troubled
yourselves for a moment to know what I was doing
or why," * * * * *
"It was loft entirely to me to determine when the
circulation should be increased or diminished and
the securities deposited Iherofor withdrawn."
***** ******
"As this circulation was very large—that of tho
Venango Bank being $600,000, and tkat of the Petro-
leum Bank $900,000—I knew that its sudden with-
drawal at the expiration of the time prescribed by
Congress would be an inconvenicnco both to the
banks and tho community, and as a matter of pru-
dence 1 deemed it best to commence its withdrawal
at an early day, and make it a gradual operation."
* * k- sh * . * # $ + .j:
" Over $1,300,000 of tho notes of these two banks
wore redeemed from May, 1865, until March, 1866.
tho time of the suspension of Culver, l^emiifc Co., and
of the banks in consequence."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It would
seem as if there should be some legislation to
regulate and secure the public against misman-
agement of banks when twenty of them can be
managed by one individual, the president and
directors never troubling themselves for a mo-
ment to know what was done in the bank nor why
anything was done, and all twenty of the banks
fail in consequence of the failure of Culver, Penn
& Co., of NewYork. The banks need some regu-
lation and restraint for their own good as well as
for the security of the public. Nothing can be
more wholesome in its effects upon them than
the requirement to redeem their circulation and
to discourage the accumulation of their funds
in the large cities to be used for speculative pur-
poses. The effect of a prompt and frequent
redemption of circulating notes in New York
would discourage the use of those notes else-
where than at home, among the customers of
the bank. Jt would soon be evident to a bank
doing a legitimate business that it was for its
interest to keep their circulation for use about
their own neighborhood, instead of sending it
away, and that the redemption of it at distant
places should be casual and exceptional.
It has seemed to me that the managers of
banks do not generally recognize the difference
between the national bank circulation and that
of the old State banks. Under State law the
banks had practically unlimited power as to
the amount of their circulation, but the cir-
culation was comparatively local in its charac-
ter, and there was a constant effort by each
bank to put its circulation out at the greatest
distance possible from home, while all the
banks were competing to increase their own
circulation by gathering up and sending home
that of other banks. The experience thus far
with the national bank circulation has shown
that the notes rarely return to the bank that
issues them, but that they become, like the
Government legal-tender notes, part of the
great mass of the currency of the country.
The notes of the most obscure national bank
on the most distant frontier has upon it a
stamj} of nationality which overrides any
security given to it by the bank purporting to
issue it, and it circulates from one end of the
country to the other as readily as a Govern-
ment legal-tender note. The bank that issued
it is bound to redeem it on demand in lawful
money ; but who wishes to have it redeemed 1
Other banks do not; they are too glad to use
it for currency, and the lawful money in which
it would be redeemed would generally have, no
greater value than the bank note. The effect
would have been precisely the same if Govern-
ment legal-tender notes had been loaned, with-
out interest, to the same amount as the circula-
ting banknotes were furnished. The Treasurer
of the United States borrowed in 1863 and since;
large amounts of their circulating notes from
the national banks before they were put in
circulation, and few or none of them have ever
been seen by those banks since.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Lynch] says the
people in his State require more currency.
But if $9,000,000 was added to-morrow to the
circulation of the national banks in Maine,
the whole of it would be incorporated at once
into the great mass of the currency of the
country, and the State of Maine would get
only her proportion of the whole mass, as she
does now. 1 admit that it would be a source of
profit to those banks in Maine that received it;
but it would decrease the pecuniary resources of
that State and diminish the amount that those
banks could loan to the people there, as they
would have to invest more than ten millions of
their money in Government bonds, which sell
at a premium, to obtain the nine millions of
circulating notes which they would add to the
general mass of the circulation of the country.
A majority of the Committee on Banking and
Currency were opposed to any increase of the
circulating notes of the national banks beyond
three hundred millions, as now prescribed in
the law. But recognizing the justice of the
claims in various States where few or no na-
tional banks are organized, and of State banks
that seek to be organized as national banks,
the committee could suggest no fairer or better
way of providing for them than to reduce the
amount of circulation allotted under the law to
the existing national banks. It was proposed,
therefore, to obtain the additional amount re-
quired, by reducing the present allotment ten
per cent, of all the banks, which furnishes a
margin of thirty millions for new institutions to
be organized underthelaw. In accordance with
the views of a majority of the committee, the
bill reported exempts from this reduction all
banks having not more than $300,000 of capital,
and compensates for it by taking a larger propor-
tion from banks with over $1,000,000 of capital.
This leaves in the law what has always deemed
to me to be its most objectionable feature in
principle and the most dangerous provision in
practice, that is, the authority to a national
bank having not more than $500,000 capi-
tal to invest its_ whole capital in United States
bonds as security for circulating notes; reserv-
ing no portion of capital for its business of
banking. More than that, the law requires the
bank to hold in lawful money fifteen per cent,
of the amount of the notes as a reserve to secure
their redemption on demand; but having in-
vested all its capital in bonds to secure the
