1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
notes, the reserve required can only be ob-
tained, directly or indirectly, by borrowing.
This seems to me objectionable in principle.
In practice it is an invitation to organize banks
for the sole object of obtaining the notes to cir-
culate, without doing any business of banking.
In other words, it simply provides a mode of
obtaining from the Government without interest
$90,000 in notes that will circulate as money,
and which, to all intents, are as good as the
same amount of legal-tender notes, on the de-
posit of $100,000 in United States bonds as
security.
One case has been brought to the knowledge
of the committee, of a national bank in which
the stockholders were represented to be the
partners of a house in the brokerage business
with some members of their families. The
whole capital of the bank was invested in bonds
deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States as .security for its circulating notes, with
an additional amount of bonds in the Treas-
ury as security for public money* in the bank
as a Government depository. It was found, on
an official examination of this bank, that it was
located in one of the desks in the brokers'
office, and the only entry on its books was about
twenty thousand dollars, deposited to the credit
of the Treasurer of the United States.
It seems to me that the allotment of circu-
lation by the existing law, and as proposed by
this bill, is wrong in principle. The Acting
Comptroller of the Currency has addressed to
me a letter in which ho proposes an amend-
ment, which I shall offer at the proper time, by
which the margin of circulating notes for the
organization of new banks will be increased to
nearly forty million dollars, and sufficient in
the opinion of the Comptroller to meet all the
requirements for new banks for several years
to come. For the information of the House
I will ask the Clerk to read the letter to which
I have referred.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of the Currency,
Washington, January 7,18S7.
Sir : In order to av6id discriminating specifically
in prescribing the amount of circulation a bank may
have upon its capital, I would suggest a scale like
the following as an amendment to the Ilouse bill,
commencing in line five hundred and sixty-nine:
"And the amount of such circulating notes to be
furnished to each association shall not bo moro in
proportion to its paid-up capital than as follows:
" On the first $500,000 of paid-up capital, seventy-
five per cent, of such capital; on tho second {500,000
of puid-up capital, sixty per cent, of such capital;
on the third {.500,000 of paid-up capital, fifty per cent,
of such capital; on the lourth {500,000 of paid-up
capital, forty per cent, of such capital; on the fifth
$500,000 of paid-up capital, thi-rty per cent, of such
capital; on the sixth {500,000 of paid-up capital,
twenty-five per cent of such capital; on tho fourth
and fifth millions of paid-up capital, ton per cent, of
such capital, and on allpnid-up capital over five mil-
lions circulation shall be issued upon the bonds de-
posited, which the law requiics to be witlithc Treas-
urer of the United States, not exceeding ono third
of the paid-up capital."
This schedule would give circulation upon capital
as follows:
1st $500,000 © 75 ^ ct., $375,000
2d 500,000 © 60 ct., 300,000 81,000,000 $675,000
3d 500,000 © 50 ^ ct., 250,000 1,500,000 925,000
4th 500,000 @ 40 ® ct., 200,000 2,000,000 1,125,000
5th 500,000 @ 30 ct., 150,000 2,500,000 1,275,000
6th 500,000 © 2-5 ® ct., 125,000 3,000,000 1,400,000
4th 1,000,000 © 10 'S* ct., 100,000 4,000,000 1,500,000
5th 1,000,000 @ 10 t* ct,., 100,000 5,000,000 1,600,000
Ono bank of ten millions capital must deposit bonds
to the amount of $3,334,000, upon which circulation
may be issued to the amount of &3,000,000.
- Very respeotiully,
II. R. IIULBURD,
Deputy and Acting Comptroller.
Hon. Samuel Hooprai,
Committee on Bankn and Currency, _
Ilouse of Representatives.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This bill
proposes, as I have before stated, to prohibit the
use of compound-interest Treasury notes as part
of the reserve of lawful money required in the
national banks. The object and intention when
the issue of those Treasury notes was authorized
was that they might circulate as money for only
a short period, until the interest accrued upon
them had accumulated to such an extent that
they would gradually be changed in their char-
acter, and instead of circulating as money
would* become more valuable to hold as a
security payable with interest at maturity. The
total amount issued by the Treasury Depart-
ment has been $2GG,495,440, and of that amount
there had been redeemed by the Treasurer and
canceled to the 1st of this month $121,594,600,
leaving the amount outstanding $144,900,840,
none of which are now in circulation as money,
but are all held by banks and others as interest-
bearing iuvestments. On the 1st of October
last the national banks held, according to their
reports to the Comptroller ef the Currency,
$82,415,860 of these compound Treasury notes,
which were included as part of their reserve
of lawful money. Their whole reserve of law-
ful money was §205,770,641, exclusive of spe-
cie, but including the compound Treasury notes.
It is a mistake to suppose that because the
interest accrued on the compound-interest
Treasury notes causes them to be held as invest-
ment, they therefore constitute no part of the
currency. So far as they are held and returned
by the national banks as part of their reserve
they take the place of so much lawful money,
and their use and effect on values is precisely
the same as an equal amount of United States
legal-tender notes. Tho banks would substitute
for them an equal amount of the legal-tender
notes if they could not return the Treasury
notes as lawful money. The national bank
law requires the reserve of the banks to be in
"lawful money of the United States." Coin
and the United States legal-tender notes known
as "greenbacks" are the only mediums for
currency which have been declared by law to
be "lawful money of the United States."
Every act authorizing the issue of United
States legal-tender notes declared them to be
"lawful money and a legal tender in payment
of all debts, public and private, within the
United States, except duties on imports and
interest" on the portion of the public debt
made payable in coin. The act of Juno 30,
1804, which authorized-the issue of the eom-
pound-interest Treasury notes, did not make
them "lawful money." It said only that—
"Said Treasury notes may be disposed of by the
Secretary of the Treasury, on the b<j-l, terms that, can
be obtained, for lawful-money; and such of thein. as
shall be made payable, principal and interest, at
maturity, shall bo a legal tender to tho same extent
as United States notes for their face value, excluding
interest, and may be paid to any creditor of the Uni-
ted States at their par value, excluding interest, or
to any creditor willing to receive tliom at. par, in-
cluding interest." * ' 81 . *■ "ISiorshall
any Treasury note bearing interest issued under this
act be a lc£fal tender in payment or redemption of
any notes issued by any bank, banking association,
or banker, calculated or intended to circulato as
money."
The fact that these Treasury notes had never
been declared "lawful money of the United
States," in connection with the preceding pro-
vision against their being a legal tender in
payments for the redemption of bank notes,
was believed to be sufficient to exclude them
from being held by the banks as part of their
reserves of lawful money. The managers ot
banks who return them as part of their reserve
defend it by saying that they hold the com-
pound notes to redeem their liability for de-
posits, and not for the redemption of their
circulating notes, thereby evading the letter as
well as the spirit of the national bank act,
which requires the reserve to be in "lawful
money of the United States."
Mr. PRICE. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I would like to
ask him whether a compound-interest note is
not a legal tender in the payment of any debt
for which any other United States note is a
legal tender?
Mr. HOOPER., of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose the gentleman means at its face value, or
for the amount for which it was issued.
Mi'. PRICE. I ask the gentleman whether
a $100 compound-interest note is not a legal
tender in payment of $100, as much so as
any other note issued by the Government of
the United States, and whether it is not lawful
money?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I leave
it for the lawyers to decide whether it is lawful
money or not. In tho case of the greenbacks
the law declared them to be lawful money and
a legal tender.
Mr. PRICE. My question is this: if I owed_
the gentleman $100, payable in lawful money,
could I not compel him to receive in payment
a compound-interest note for $100 ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If it had
two years' interest accumulated oa it I would
receive it with pleasure.
Mr. PRICE. Whether it had two days or
two years? I ask the gentleman to answer.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. I could compel you to re-
ceive it?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
for its face value; but whether that would
make it lawful money is a question I leave to
the lawyers. The present Chief Justice when
Secretary of the Treasury was of opinion that
the compound-iutercst notes were not "lawful
money.''
Mr. POMEROY. It is a question of math-
ematics : things equal to the same thing are
equal to one another.
Mr. PRICE. Does the gentleman assert
they are lawful money?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will,
to save time and stop this argument.
Mr. PRICE. I wish the gentleman to go
upon the record as saying the compound-inter-
est notes issued by the Government, declared
to bo lawful money, are not lawful money.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It would
take too much time to explain what constitutes
lawful money. What is it in the gentleman's
opinion
Mr. PRICE. Lawful money, sir, is any-
thing that will pass from one person to another
in payment of a debt; the law says such aro
compound-interest notes, and they are there-
fore lawful money and legal tenders.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No one
can doubt that if it is desirable to withdraw and
cancel any notes that have been issued by the
Government and used as money, these com-
pound-interest Treasury notes should be first
withdrawn and eancelcd, as it would stop the
interest on them, which now accrues at the
rate of over seven hundred thousand dollars
each month, and it would be equally a con-
traction of the currency, so far at least as they
are held by banks as part of their reserve of
lawful money.
The greater part now outstanding of these
Treasury notes mature between June and De-
cember of the present year, and are payable,
principal and interest, at maturity : they must
therefore be withdrawn and canceled before the
end of this year. If, therefore, it would make
too great a contraction in a single year to with-
draw those notes, in addition to the $4,000,000
legal-tender notes which, according to the law
of tho last session, are to be withdrawn in each
month, that law might be repealed or its oper-
ation be suspended, at least for the present
year.
When tho compound-interest Treasury notes
cease to have the adventitious value which the
national banks now impart by holding and
returning them as lawful money, thobanks will
more readily part with them ; and those notes
would then be redeemed gradually, from time
to time, as it suited the convenience of the
Treasury, instead of being presented on the
day of their maturity in amounts so large that
their prompt payment may be at the time ex-
ceedingly inconvenient if not impossible. In
view of the importance to the Treasury Depart-
ment of anticipating the demand for the pay-
ment of these notes and of redeeming them in
the spring and early summer, when there is
usually less demand for money, it may be ex-
pedient to require payment for any sales of gold
from the Treasury to be in whole or in part in
compound-notes, including the interest ac-
crued.
Tho seven-thirty Treasury notes, amounting
to $07(5,85(5,1300, maturing within the next two
years, are convertible, at or before their ma-
turity, into the five-twenty six per cent, bonds.
It may be said, therefore, that when the com-
