1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1697
Field, C. N. Kenny, Frederick Graffe, Lewis Cooper,
Robert Grantz, J. B.Watson, and ail such persona
who shall or may be associated with them, and their
successors or assigns, are hereby created and appointed
a board of commissioners for the purposes and objects
in this bill set forth. Within six months after the
passage of this act they shall form a corporation,
uuder the laws of the State of California authorizing
the f ormation of corporations, for the purpose of con-
structing and maintaining railroads in said State;
said corporation to be called the Pacific Coast Hail-
road Company. ThatsaidPacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, when duly formed under the laws of California,
shall become the owners of aU the rights, properties,
and privileges conferred by this act, and the office of
said board of commissioners shall thereupon cease
and determine: Provided, That the Legislature of the
State of California shall first designate and approve
of said company, so formed, as the proper company to
receive the grant herein made for the purpose of aid-
ing the construction of said road. The said corpora- {
tion is hereby authorized and empowered to lay out,
locate and construct, furnish, equip, maintain, and
enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph line, with
the appurtenances, from a point in Sonoma or Marin
counties on the waters of the bay of San Francisco,
by the most feasible route, to be selected by the said
corporation, to Humboldt bay, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and maintain a ferry from the point of ter-
mination to the city of San Francisco, and is hereby
vested with all the powers and privileges and immu-
nities necessary to carry into effeet the purposes of
this act.
Sec* 2. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to said Pacific Coast Railroad Oom-
pany, its successors and assigns, for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line as proposed; and the
right is hereby given to said corporation to take from
the public lands adjacent to the line of said road
material for the construction thereof. Said way is
granted to said railroad to the extent of one hundred
•feet in width on each side of said road where it may
pass through the public domain: also, all necessary
ground for station buildings, workshops, depots, ma-
chine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and
water-stations.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
is hereby, granted to the Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, subject to the conditions heretofore recited, its
successors and assigns, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of said railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure the safe and speedy transportation of
the mails, troops, munitions of war, and public stores
over the route of said line of railway, every alter-
nate section of public land, not mineral, designated
by odd numbers, to the amount of ten alternate sec-
tions per mile on ^ach side of said railroad iine,
whenever on the line thereof the United States have
a full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise
appropriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights at the time the line of said road is
definitely fixed and a plot thereof filed in the office
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office; and
whenever, prior to said time, any of said sections or
parts of sections shall have been granted, sold, re-
served, or covered by private land-grants, or occupied
by homestead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands shall be selected by said
company in lieu thereof, on the line of said road
within thirty miles of the same, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sec-
tions, and designated by odd numbers: Provided,
That the word mineral, when it occurs in this act,
shall not be held to include iron or coal.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, That whenever
said Pacific Coast Railroad Company shall have ten
consecutive wiles of any portion of said railroad and
telegraph line ready for the service contemplated,
the President of the United States shall appoint three
commissioners, whose compensation shall be j>aid by
said company, to examine the same, and if it shall
appear that ten miles of said road and telegraph line
have been completed in a good and substantial man-
ner, and in all respects as required by this act, the
commissioners shall so report to the Secretary of the
Interior, and patents of land, as aforesaid, shall be
issued to said company, confirming to said company
the right and title to said lands, situated opposite to
and conterminous with said completed section of said
road, unless said lands are covered by the exceptions
and reservations of this act, upon the final comple-
tion of said road and telegraph. And from time to
time, whenever ten additional miles shall have been
constructed, completed, and in readiness as aforesaid,
and verified by the commissioners to the President
of the United States, then patents shall be issued to
said company, conveying the additional sections of
land as aforesaid; and so on as fast as every ton
miles of said road is completed as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That said Pacific
Coast railroad shall be constructed in a substantial
and workmanlike manner, with all the necessary
draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, turn-
outs, stations, and watering-places, and all other
appurtcnances, including furniture and rolling stock,
equal in all respects to railroads of the first class,
when prepared for business, with rails of the best
quality, manufactured from American iron. And a
uniform gauge shall be established the entire length
of the road; and there shall be constructed a tele-
graph line, of the most substantial and approved
description, to be operated on the entire route: Pro-
vided, That said company shall not charge higher
rates to the Government of theUnited States ortheir
authorized officers or agents than they do individuals
for like telegraphic service. And the said railroad
shall be and remain a public highway for the use of
the Government of the United States free of all toll
or other charges upon the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States, and the same shall
39th Cong. 2d Ses8.—No. 107.
be transported over said road at the cost charge and
oxpense of the corporation or company owning or
operating the same when so required by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That the President
of the United States shall cause the lands to be sur-
veyed for twenty miles in width on both sides of the
entire lineofsaid road, after the general route shall
be fixed, and as fast as may be required by the con-
struction of said railroad: and the odd sections of
land hereby granted shall not be liable to sale or
entry or preemption after said line is located; except
by said company, as provided in this act;- and the
reserved alternate sections shall not be sold by the
Government at a price less than $2 50 per acre when
offered for sale.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made
and given to and accepted by said Pacific Coast Bail- j
road Company upon and subject to the following con-
ditions, namely: that the said company shall, within j
two years from the approval of this act, survey said I
route, and file with the Secretary of the Interior a I
plot showing the location of the road from the waters
of the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay; and
that the said company shall commence the work on j
said road within two years from the approval of this i
act by the President, and shall, within three years, j
complete not less than ten miles, and not less than j
ten miles each succeeding year, and shall construct,
equip, furnish, and complete the whole road by the
4th day of July, A. D. 1876: Provided, That the con-
struction of any thirty miles within three years shall
be construed to conform to the above condition.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the United
States make the several conditional grants herein,
and that the said Pacific Coast Railroad Company
accept the same, upon the further condition that if
the said company make any breach of the conditions
thereof, and allow the same to continue for upward
of one year, then in such case the grant herebymade
and all rights and franchises created by this act shall
vest in the State of California and be disposed of by
the Legislature of the said State to such company or
association as it may designate, and upon such terms
and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, as may, in the judgment of the said
Legislature, insure the speedy construction of said
road. ,
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all the
people of the United States shall have the right to
subscribe to the stock of the Pacific Coast Railroad
Company until the whole capital is taken up, by
complying with the terms of subscription.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Pacific Coast Railroad Company shall
be signified in writing, under the corporate seal of
the said company, duly executed pursuant to the
direction of its board of directors first had and ob-
tained. which acceptance shall be made within one
year after the passage of this act and not afterward,
and shall be deposited in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That the said
company is authorized to aocept to its own use any
grant, donation or loan, power, franchise, aid or as-
sistance which may be granted to or conferred upon
said company by the Congress of the United States,
by the Legislature of any State, county, or muni-
cipal corporation, or by any corporation, person, or
persons, and said corporation is authorized to hold
and enjoy any such grunt, donation, loan or power,
franchise, aid or assistance to its own use for the
purpose aforesaid.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That unless the
Pacific Coast Railroad Company shall obtain bona
fide subscriptions to the stock of said company to the
amount of $100,000, with ten per cent, paid within
two years after the passage and approval of this act,
it shall be null and void.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That Congress
may at any time, having due regard for the rights of
said Pacific Coast Railroad Company, add to, alter,
amend, or repeal this act. ....
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That lots in vil-
lages, towns, and cities shall not be subject to the
provisions of this act.
Mr. McRUER. As this bill has already been
read twice, I presume no further reading will
be required. '
Mr. RADFORD. I shall ask that it be read
again before the vote is taken upon its passage.
Mr. ROSS. Has this bill been considered
by any committed of this House?
The SPEAKER. It has not been formally
referred to any committee. But the gentleman
from California [Mr. McRuer] has stated that
it has been informally considered by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. McRUER. This bill was before the
Committee on Public Lands at the last session
of Congress, and was reported by that commit-
tee. It was called up for action during the
evening before the last day of the session; but
the pressure of business was such that the House
concluded to postpone it until this session. And
this session the bill has been postponed from
time to time, until now. It is a Senate bill,
which has received the approval of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It is to construct a
road from the bay of San Francisco to Hum-
boldt bay, on the coast of California. It pro-
vides for a road about two hundred and forty
miles in length, and grants the same amount
of land that is granted to the overland road or
to the California and Oregon railroad, that is,
ten alternate sections per mile on each side of
the road. For the most part the road runs
through a wild and unsettled country, which
will remain for an indefinite period of time in
that condition unless there is some artificial
means of communication with the markets of
California.
Mr. COOK. Does the bill make any other
grant than of land?
Mr. McRUER. Nothing but land.
Mr. COOK. No money?
Mr. McRUER. No, sir.
Mr. COOK. No bonds?
Mr. McRUER'. No bonds.
Mr. CHANLER. I understood the gentle-
man to state the other day that this bill included
the usual grant of coal and iron. I understand
the gentleman now to say that there is nothing
but land granted. I would like the gentleman
to explain.
Mr. McRUER. This is in the usual form
of a railroad grant. It grants the land, with
the exception of mineral lands; and a proviso
is added that coal and iron shall not be con-
sidered as minerals under the provisions of the
bill. If the company should find a coal or
iron mine upon any of the alternate sections
of land they would be entitled to it under the
bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Have the Committee on
Public Lands ever had under consideration a
grant of land in a section of country where
quicksilver or cinnabar was to be found ? And
have they so guarded this grant as to preserve
such minerals to the Government?
Mr. McRUER. They have.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I modify my substitute
by inserting among the names of the corpora-
tors the names of Henry Wetherbee, A. W.
Mackpherson, and Charles L. Low; and also
by striking out the following proviso at the
end of section seven:
Provided, That the construction of any thirty miles
within three years shall be eonstrued to eonlorm to
the above condition.
It is thought that this proviso grants a little
too much latitude to the company. I will now
call the previous question unless some gentle-
man desires to discuss the matter further.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. McRUER. I will do so, of course.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I have no par-
ticular interest in this bill. The proposed
route of the road is not in my district, but sev-
eral hundred miles from it. The route of the
road is from the northern waters of San Pablo
bay, commencing about thirty miles north of
San Francisco; thence along in the vicinity of
the Pacific coast to Humboldt bay ; the length
of which will be between two hundred and two
hundred and fifty miles. As a member of a
committee whose duty it was to make invest-
igation into Indian affairs, I traveled over that
country, and I am satisfied that there is not a
member of this House who, if he had the ex-
perience which I have had, would not readily
sanction a measure of this character to give
laud to any company that would construct a
railroad through that region. If this company
make that improvement, the benefit which it
will be to that section of country will amply
repay the Government for the grant which it
makes. There is no wagon-road leading to the
county of Humboldt from any other county ia
the State, although it has some very fine lands
and quite a business population, and although
there are very good roads when you get into
the county. It will be a great advantage, not.
only to the people of that section, but tQ the
Government, to have the road built.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill was examined at
the last session of Congress by the Committee
on Public Lands, and a majority of that conr
mittee reported'in favor of it. But, sir, I owe
it to myself as chairman of the xommitteo 19
