1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
pound-interest Treasury notes are provided
for, there will be no unfunded liabilitiesof the
Treasury beyond what can be easily paid out
of the ordinary revenue, except the United
States legal-tender notes. At the regular ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress, in December
next, we may hope that the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will exhibit a condition
in which there will be no demands outstand-
ing for settlement to embarrass the Treasury;
and by that time we shall have acquired an
experience in relation to the effects of preced-
ing legislation to guide the action of Congress
in adopting such measures as may seem requi-
site to restore the currency to a sounder^ con-
dition and to secure the future prosperity of
the country.
In concluding these remarks, I wish to re-
peat that I believe much could be done during
this year to prepare the way for resuming spe-
cie payments, with benefit instead of injury to
the true interests of labor and business, if the
banks would cooperate, particularly the banks
in the city of Now York, in-the measures that
may be requisite for that purpose. The banks
can do much, if they have the inclination, to
check if not to control and prevent the export
of specie ; so that the precious metals furnished
from our mines might, instead of being ex-
ported, accumulate hero to hasten and aid
resumption, thereby removing the apprehen-
sions of reducing the amount of money in cir-
culation below what an active and healthy con-
dition of business would require. To reduce
the loans of banks which encourage large'im-
portations and promote speculation, would
have more effect in aiding resumption than the
contraction of the circulation. One great ob-
stacle to resumption is the profit and the ease
in managing banks with an irredeemable cur-
rency.' X believe that all the amendments of
the bank act proposed in this bill would tend to
promote more prudent management in the con-
duct of the banks, and to make it for their true
interest to aid at the proper time in restoring
a sound condition of currency instead of ob-
structing it, as their action during the past
year, in largely increasing their loans, has in-
dicated. Whenever the resumption of specie
payments occurs, it will be brought about in
one of two ways : either by the banks cooper-
ating wit.li the Treasury Department in wise
and judicious measures to bring it about grad-
ually and without disturbing industry ; or fail-
ing in this, it will be abruptly forced on the
country by a public clamor which, regardless
of consequences, will no longer submit to con-
ditions that impoverish the. country for the
benefit of importers, bankers, and the whole
various and motley tribe of speculators.
[During the delivery of the above speech, the
hour having expired, on motion of Mr. Conk-
i,i N(}, by unanimous consent, the time of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, was extended till
he had concluded.]
indian appropriation bill.
The .CHAIRMAN stated that by order of
the House the committee would now proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1039,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending 30th June,
1868.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of
• the bill for information was dispensed with.
Mr. BLAINE. Would it not be wise to
postponethe further consideration of this bill
till after final action on the bill which has passed
this House transferring the jurisdiction of In-
dian affairs to the War Department?
Mr. KASSON. Not at all, as that bill does
not affect these appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this more than a bill
making appropriations to carry out treaty stipu-
lations ?
Mr. KASSON. That is all.
Air. MAYNARD. If the bill passed here
the other day becomes a law, will these appro-
priations for agents, &c.., be necessary?
Mr. KASSON. Tt will be left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War. Where Army offi-
cers are placed instead of civilians, of course
they will be paid out of the appropriations for
the War Department, and these appropriations
will not be called for.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman from Iowa,
I suppose, has not the slightest expectation
that bill will pass the Senate, and of course
thinks it better for us to pass these appropria-
tions.
Mr. KASSON. I have confidence in the
good sense and patriotism of that body, and I*
think they will pass it.
Mr. WINDOM. It is from that confidcnce,
I presume, he asks this bill be passed.
Mr. KASSON. I move on page 14, line three
hundred and twelve, to strike out " them" and
insert "the Red Lake band of Chippewas;"
so it will read:
I'or the fourth of fifteen installments for the pur-
pose of supplying the Red Lake band of Chippewas
with Billing twine, cotton matter, calico, linsey,
blankets, sheeting, flannels, provisions, farming tools,
and for such other useful articles, and for such other
useful purposes as may be deemed for their best in-
terests, por third article supplementary treaty of
12th April, 1864, $S,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move on page 25, line five
hundred and eighty-five, to strike out "seven"
and insert " eight;" so it will read:
Kickupoos:
For fourteenth installment of interest, at five j>cr
 cent., on $100,000, for educational and other beneficial
purposes, as per second article treaty May 18,1854,
&>,000.
For fourteenth installment on $200,000, to be paid
in 1868, per second article treaty 18th May, 1851,
$7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move on page 32, line
seven hundred and sixty-three, under heading
"Nez Perc6 Indians," to strike out "seven"
and insert "eight;" so it will read :
For second of four installments to enable tho In-
dians to reinovo and locato upon the reservation, to
be expended in plowing lamN and fencing lots, as
per first clauso fourth articlo treaty of June 9,1863,
for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1807, $10,000.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move on page 40, line
nine hundred and sixty-three, to insert the
following:
Pottawatornies of Huron:
For permanent annuity in money and otherwise,
as per second articlo of the treaty of November 17,
1807, $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move on page 42, after
line one thousand and eight, to insert the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That tho band of Sacs and Foxes now in
Tama county, Iowa, shall bo paid pro rata their por-
tion of annuity so long as they are peaceful and have
the assent of the Governor of Iowa to reside in that
State.
Mr. Chairman, this proviso I desire to ex-
plain, and trust it will appear so manifestly
just as to meet with no opposition. The
Indians to whom this will apply are a band
called Nussquokas, of tho Sacs and Foxes,
numbering some two hundred, with their
lodges near the lona river, and about twenty
miles from my own residence.
On their removal, near twenty years ago, to
tho reservation west of the Missouri river, a
powerful band made war on them, and coming
back to their old haunts declared that they
would all be killed if they remained. Some
ten years since, on their petition and that of
their white neighbors to the State Legislature,
they being in the senatorial district which I
happened to represent, I took up their cause,
and without objection a law was passed per-
mitting them to own land and reside in the
State. Their just portion of the annuity of the
Sacs and Foxes was denied them until last
year, when it was granted by Secretary Harlan,
and is only given now as a temporary allow-
ance by the present Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
I see no good reason why it should not be
Eermanent. I know of no other band which
as not been decimated in numbers and suf-
fered by the vices of the whites. Where they
are without money they are objects of our
charities. To compel them to go to Kansas is
to settle them where they are not wanted, or
to provoke the murderous spirit of the warriors
from who'm they once fled. As to their char-
acter, of which I am asked, I have never heard
that they were thievish or quarrelsome. They
may have no Logan among their "braves;"
but with their pro rata of the annuity which [
ask schools may be established, more com-
fort brought to their wigwams, and it is to be
hoped such a Christian civilization as will not
require the romance of a Jefferson or Seba
Smith to find heroes worthy to _ adorn the sad
history of our Indian tribes, which, without a
change of policy, will soon be as far beyond
our reach as they now seem below our consid-
eration.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Colorado Territory, presents of goods, ag-
ricultural implements and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, 820,000.
Mr. BRADFORD. I move to amend the
foregoing paragraph by adding the following
proviso:
Provided, That no part of said money shall be dis-
bursed by Alexander Cummings, the present super-
intendent of Indian affairs for Colorado Territory.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman suggest
some one by whom the money shall be ex-
pended ; if he will I have no objection to giv-
ing my consent, so far as I have authority.
Mr. BRADFORD. It must be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior. I find on examination of the accounts
of the present superintendent that a great deal
of the money has been squandered during the
past year.
Mr. KASSON. I have no doubt the money
in that instance, as in a good many others, has
been very badly expended; and I have en-
deavored during the last few days to convince
the House that such has been the fact gen-
erally. But when the gentleman proposes that
it shall not be expended under the direction
of the present superintendent some other di-
rection must be made, or perhaps he will not
only fail in accomplishing his purpose but the
money itself may not be expended at all.
Mr. KELLFjY. Mr. Chairman, I find my-
self very much befogged as to matters in Col-
orado Territory, and I would inquire if there
is any information before tho House which
will justify it in acting thus invidiously in re-
gard to that Territory as is proposed by the
amendment of the gentleman from Colorado,
[Mr. Bradford.] I have seen and heard a
good deal of controversy about the affairs of
Colorado Territory. I am not a partisan for
or against the present Governor of that Terri-
tory. I find myself utterly at sea as to accu-
rate information on the subject. The state-
ments of the two sides of the question are
irreconcilably in conflict and I would like some-
thing like definite information before we adopt
the proposed amendment.
Mr. BRADFORD. In reply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I will state that I find
upon examining the accounts of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs of Colorado Terri-
tory, now on file in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, that a large portion
of the appropriation made last year has been
squandered by the superintendent. I find that
the sum of $1,800 purports to have been paid
to one M. B. Cummings for services as clerk
of said superintendency for the year ending
December 31, 1866, when it is understood that
this M. B. Cummings resides in the city of
Philadelphia ; and it is a notorious fact that
this clerk has not been within the limits of
Colorado since May last. I find that the sum
of $350 appears to have been paid to one
A. Boyd Cummings, as secretary of some In-
dian council. Who that A. Boyd Cummings
is I am not advised. I find that one item in
the account of said superintendent, for the
