258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
picts? One, and apparently in his judgment
the most efficacious, is that which I hare been
considering, namely, to add not less than four
or five million dollars per month to the price
of American products by taxing them to that
amount for the express purpose of extinguish-
ing so much of our national debt! If gentle-
men doubt my statement I beg them to give the
report an attentive reading. This mad policy
pervades all its suggestions. , Nor is it to bo
temporary. It is to be the fixed policy of the
Government, and he says our debt which,
according to his statement, was on the 31st of
October last $2,551,42-1,121 20, " can "be paid
by the generation that created it.'/
Sir,"ifmysuspicion that the preparation ofthe
Secretary's report was committed to a treach-
erous subordinate be correct gentleman will be
able to estimate the wantonness of that person's
cruelty by the fact that in further illustration
of the absurdity of its leading proposition he
proceodsto tell 11 s that" between the years 1848
and the 1st of July, 18G0, the product of the
gold and silver mines of the United States was
about $1,100,000,000,'' but that" it is not prob-
able that the amount of gold and silver now
in the United States is very much larger than
it was eighteen years ago." And as if to give
greater effect to what, were it not gravely
trifling with the prosperity of the American
people, might be regarded as a huge joke, adds
the fact that beside exporting all our bullion
we have, in exchange for perishable foreign
commodities which we might have fabricated
from our own raw materials, given to foreign
capitalists, who now hold them, interest-bear-
ing evidences of debt to the amount of
$600,000,000, as follows:
United States bonds   $350,000,000
State and municipal bonds  150,000.000
Railroad and other stocks and bonds  100,000,000
Total ; 8600,000,000
Nor does he yet stay his hand in presenting
reasons why we should not adopt his proposi-
tion, for he informs us that the reports of the
custom-houses show that though we exported
specie during the fiscal year which ended June
30, 1866, to the amount of $82,048,374, the
balance of trade, as shown by those reports,
was still against us in gold values $8,009,577.
And with a measure of candor for which 1
award him full credit, adds:
"But these figures, taken from the reports of the
custom-houses, do not present the whole truth. For
many years there has been a systematic undervalua-
tion of foreign merchandise imported into the United
States, and large amounts have been smuggled into
the country along our extended sea-eoasts and
frontiers. To make up for undervaluations and
smuggling, and for cost of transportation paid to
foreign shipowners, twenty per eenf. at least should
be added to the imports, which would make the
balance fnt the past year against the United States
nearlv $100,000,000. It is evident that the balances
have been largely against the United States for some
years past, whatever may have been the custom-
house ret urn V
Mr. Chairman, I confess my ignorance of
"Ingeany bankin'," and will proclaim my
gratitude to any of its disciples who will so far
admit me to its mysteries as to enable me to
reconcile the Secretary'spremises and conclu-
sions.
Meanwhile I ask who but he, unless it be
bankers and shavers of notes, importers of
foreign goods, and holders of our bonds who
desire to get two dollars for every one they in-
vested in them, who but these does not see
in this fearful array of evidences of our tend-
ency to universal bankruptcy a necessity for
developing our productive power by diminish-
ing the internal taxes of the country to the
lowest possible amount consistent with an
economical administration of the Government?
And who but these does not see that by con-
tinuing the course we are pursuing we are
retarding the permanent resumption of specie
payments and postponing the day when we
shall be able to *nter judiciously upon the
extinguishment of our debt'?
Mr. McCulloch does not seem to perceive
that this fearful array of fuels is but so many
concurrent items of evidence that notwith-
standing our freedom, enterprise, and energy,
and our infinitely diverse, easily-accessible,
and inexhaustible stores of natural wealth, our
extended sea-coast, fine harbors, broad lakes,
and far-rolling rivers, which invite us to manu-
ufacturingand maritime effort and preeminence,
we are but a mere commercial dependency.
Like all other debtors we are at the mercy of
our creditors. Though richer in natural re-
sources than all of tjiem combined the con-
tinuance of our prosperity is dependent upon
the caprices or necessities of England and the
nations of Europe, which, by protecting their
industry and importing only raw material or
commodities but slightly wrought and export-
ing products as much manufactured as possi-
ble, practice economies unknown to us, and by
diversifying their industry provide remunera-
tive .employment for all their people.
Manufactures and agriculture are each the
handmaid of the other, and the successful prac-
tice of both is prerequisite to profitable and
sustained commerce. That sea-board nation
which most diversifies its productions and best
protects its skilled labor against unequal com-
petition will ever be foremost in the race for
commerce.
No, sir; the Secretary does not see the proper
application of the facts he cites, and while di-
latingupon them illustrates his profound ignor-
ance of the progress social science has made
by reiterating trite maxims from English hand-
books of political economy to prove that inter-
national trade-balances aTe settled with gold
and silver and that the flow of specie "indi-
cates the condition and results of trade between
different nations." In the light of these laws
I point him and the country to the fact that the
trade between us and foreign nations has car-
ried them our cotton and wool, our beef, pork,
grain, and other staples, and $1,100,000,000
of our bullion with $600,000,000 of our "bonds
to pay for wines, silks, laces, cloths, &c., and
iron rails to stretch across the coal and iron
beds which underlie our country from the Atlan-
tic coast to the Pacific and from th^ lakes to
the Gulf, and ask them if the facts do not indi-
cate bankruptcy as the "result" if the present
and past'' condition'' of that trade be main-
tained. And whether, when as now we are
compelled to look to our internal taxes for the
bulk of our receipts, when duties on foreign
imports could under no possible system pro-
vide us with adequate income, it would not be
well as a pure question of revenue to so adjust
our taxes as to relieve American labor and
land from every possible exaction and by every
possible device to stimulate the development
of our productive power and the immigration
of skilled laborers into the country? Thus,
and thus alone, can we check the flow of specie
and bonds to Europe and retain among us as
capital the production of our gold and silver
mines with which to redeem the $600,000,000
of bonds now held by foreigners. This the
Secretary professes to desire, but how the
imposition of extraordinary taxes upon our
industry to the amount of $50,000,000 per
annum is to promote it he has not condescended
to inform us.
The scheme of the Secretary is as unprece-
dented as it is unwise. It is without a single
historical example. The first Federal debt
was funded in 1791, and for sixteen years no
effort was made to reduce it. In 1807 the
receipts of the Government from ordinary
sources were in excess of current expenses, and
die surplus was applied to the debt. This
easy and natural process of extinguishment
continued till 1812. The average rate of pay-
ment per annum from 1807 to 1812 was about
$6,000,000, and at the breaking out of the war
with Great Britain the debt had been reduced
from $73,000,000 to $45,000,000. It was
swollen by that war to §127,000.000 ; but no
extraordinary taxes were imposed for its re-
demption. The revenues of the Government
were derived from ordinary sources, and such
balances as remained after paving_ current
expenses were applied to its absorption. _ No
statesman of either period proposed to cripple
industry and retard the development of the
country by the imposition of extraordinary
taxes as a means of extinguishing its debt.
They wisely stimulated both by imposing higher
duties upon foreign importations, and under
the avowedly protective tariffs of 1824 and 1828
paid it off. Such a spectacle had never been
witnessed before, for no other nation had ever
liquidated its entire debt. .
The .American people will rather follow the
successful example of the statesmen of those
days and foster our industry than accept the
crotchets of our present Secretary of the Treas-
ury and cripple labor and diminish production
by extraordinary taxation. They freely lent
their substance to the Government and hold
more than eighty per cent, of our national
securities, and none of them are demanding
payment. Nor need we be specially anxious
about that part of our bonds that are held in
Europe. They who hold them bought them as
investments or as matter of speculation. As
investments they pay better interest than the
holders can elsewhere obtain with equal secur-
ity, and we are not required to prostrate our
industry by a vain attempt to hasten the day
on which foreign speculators shall realize an-
ticipated profits. England has never been
guilty of such stupidity. When the Napoleonic
wars closed the governing class of England held
her bonds, and like the money-changers and
"Ingeany" bankers of our country clamored
for the resumption of specie payments that they
might get par for the bonds which they had
bought during those wars at such prices as our
own sold for and in paper as irredeemable and
depreciated as ours has been. By this operation
they would have made an average of one hun-
dred per cent, on their investments. But govern-
ing class as they were, it was not until seven
years after the close of the war that the states-
men who controlled the financial affairs of
Great Britain attempted the experiment of a
resumption, or till the suspension had endured
for well nigh a quarter of a century. And only
within a few years—I think I may say within
the present decade—has England made serious
effort to reduce the principal of her debt, nor
has she yet imposed an extraordinary tax for
the purpose. Her statesmen knew that her
population was increasing and her productive
power in process of rapid development, and
they know also that so long as the interest is
ready at maturity and the creditors of the nation
see that its taxes are steadily diminishing and
its population and resources increasing, they
will regard the investment as safe.
Thus has England, while permitting her debt
to increase, by showing her steady ability to
diminish the taxes upon her people and pro-
vide for interest and current expenditures
been able to reduce the interest on her debt
from war rates to the low rates at which she
now holds it: and that debt which by its im-
mense volume seemed to overshadow her whole
future, is now not in the proportion of ten per
cent, per man, per dollar, and per acre to what
it was at the date of the treaty of Paris. So
will it be with us if wo shun the nostrums of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The estimated
wealth of the loyal States at this time is
$17,428,000,000 and their annual product
$4,685,000,000. But thirty years hence, if
the progress of our growth is not retarded by
financial charlatanism, the wealth of tho^e
States will be $90,000,000,000, and the annual
product amount to $23,000,000,000, and the
now prostrate but naturally richer South will
then rival the people of the North in prosper-
ity and tax-paying power.
Let me, Mr. Chairman, as it is due to the
Secretary I should say, that he does not rest
this urgent demand for the speedy extinguish-
ment of the debt upon principles of social
sciencc or national economy, lu this'matter
his head yields to his heart. He is guided by
a sentiment. He prides himself upon his mag-
nanimity. and would ruin the industry of the
North and retard the development ot our coun-
try for a century if need be rather than wound
the sensibilities of our "erring southern breth-
