1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169$
by the owners of the lota adjoining those
streets; it is to destroy the symmetry of that
city which was laid out originally, as has been
stated, by George Washington, and which is, as
a whole, beautiful in itself and worthy of the
capital of the nation. In the last moments of
this session it is proposed, without arresting
the attention of anybody, to abandon the whole
plan and system upon which this city has been
laid out. I hope if that is done at all it will
only be done after all the members of the
House fully understand what lies under this
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am quite as glad as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that the attention of the House has been di-
rected to this subject. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, and also my distinguished col-
league upon the committee, [Mr. Maynarii,]
have taken the right position upon the great
question in regard to preserving the symmetry
of this city and beautifying and adorning it.
Congress.has heretofore, to a great extent,
neglected the original plan of the founders of
this city, and has left it to the corporate au-
thorities to do the best they could with these
extremely wide avenues. That best has not
amounted to much, so that there is not to-day
a single avenue in this city that would be con-
sidered respectable in one of the meanest in-
corporated towns in the country.
Mr. DAWES. Do not charge that upon
Congress!
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; Congress is
responsible for it.
Mr. DAWES. Then it is because Congress
did not clean out the whole city organization
here and take the government of the city into
its own hands.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That maybe. Congress
has the authority to clean out this city organi-
zation and to place the government in the hands
of a commission, as has already been once
done. But Congress has also exclusive juris-
diction, and has always exercised it, over the
avenues of the city. If in the exercise of that
jurisdiction it will improve them, beautify
them, and relieve the property-holders of this
enormous expense, the property-holders and
inhabitants of the city will be only too glad.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
if anybody has become a property-holder upon
any one of these avenues by compulsion? I
would inquire if each one has not, with his
eyes open, and with a full knowledge of the
width of the avenues and the enormous ex-
pense necessary to beautify them and adorn
them, chosen of his own will to become a
property-holder upon them?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; he has done
it of his own accord, but under the implied
promise on the part of the Government that
the Government would improve the avenues
and keep them paved and in good order. Hav-
ing said this much, and having directed the
attention of the House, at least, to the extent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,j and my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Maynard, j to the subject, I am willing
that it shall be referred to the Committee for j
the District of Columbia, with the hope that j
Congress, at its next session, will do its duty
in this matter.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 547, to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to extend the time for the rever-
sion of the lands granted by Congress to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Amboy,
by Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan,
and for the completion of said road," approved
July 3, 1866 ; whieh was read a first and second
time.
Mr. UPSON. I will state to the House that
this is a bill providing merely for an extension
of the time, from February until July, for the
completion of twenty miles of road. The bill
contains nothing else. As the company find
themselves unable to complete the road within
the specified time they ask for this extension.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Public
Lands have considered the bill and approve it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
representation of texas.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I rise to a question of
privilege, and present the credentials of George
W. Chilton, claiming a seat upon this floor as
a Representative from Texas.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
referred, under the rule, to the joint Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
henry greathouse and samuel kelly.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 338) entitled "An act for the
relief of Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly;''
which was read a first and second time, and,
on motion of Mr. Alley, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
railroads in california.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 461) entitled "An act for a
grant of land to the State of Calfornia to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in said
State;" which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BID WELL. I wish to say in reference
to this bill that the grant of land which it calls
for comprises about one hundred thousand
acres, which is all the land there is to grant.
Sir, this bill is as meritorious as any that has
been or can be presented to Congress asking
for a donation of land. I believe that the
grant conflicts with the interests of no other
road. The construction of the proposed rail-
road would be a great benefit to the State of
California. These parties deserve this grant
as much as any private enterprise can deserve
aid from the Government. Bnt, sir, I under-
stand that there is to be an onslaught made
against this bill; that parties have written from
New York in opposition to it, saying that it
must be defeated at all hazards. I do not wish
to consume the time of the House, but I do
say that, in my judgment, no reason can be
advanced against this grant that would not
apply with equal force against every other
grant. I object to unjust discrimination against
the Pacific coast.
Mr. DARLING. Will the gentleman be
good enough to state the reasons which the
opponents of the bill urge ?
Mr. BIDWELL. The reasons are trans-
parent. The State of California is already
falling into the grasp of monopolies, and some
of those interests in these monopolies reside
in New York. They have power enough to
influence the New York delegation here. But
I hope it will not be the disposition of this
House to place California entirely at the mercy
of a monopoly. I say, give every interest and
every enterprise an equal chance.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to state for the infor-
mation of the House that the Committee on
Public Lands have examined this measure,
entirely uninfluenced by any agencies from
New York or elsewhere. Looking at it upon
its merits, the committee have reported upon
it adversely. At the proper time I shall, if no
one else makes the motion, move that the bill
be laid on the table. It is an extraordinary
bill, and cannot be justified by any precedent
in our past legislation.
Mr. BIDWELL. I understand that the
committee reported adversely upon the ground
that the road would be built without this aid
from the Government. If that be the ground
of the objection it is altogether without found-
ation. I do not believe that the road can be
built without aid from the Government. The
route passes over a swampy country where it
will be necessary to drive piles for miles. It
will be necessary also to expend large amounts
of money to make embankments that will stand
the floods of the Sacramento river. This is a
measure that ought to be carried through with-
out delay; without the aid of the Government
I do not believe that it can be. The defeat of
the bill is to postpone this necessary measure
and to place it practically in the hands of
another company. There can be no good
reason why the end asked for in this bill in
the shape of a small quantity of rejected land,
from which all the available land has been
culled out and settled upon, should not be
granted.
Mr. ROSS. Let me ask a question. I ask
whether it would not be more to the interest
of California to keep some of these lands for
actual settlers under the homestead law than to
give them to these corporations?
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not believe that in
many years a single acre of this land will ba
taken up and settled upon unless ^something
like this be done. Actual settlers are not so
badly off even in California as to be compelled
to take this waste land.
Mr. ROSS. If the land is good for nothing,
why, then, does this company want it?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will answer the gentle-
man. Perhaps eventually it may be worth
something. The company have to borrow
money, and the very name of a grant of land
will give them some credit.
Mr. MAYNARD. If they use it when it is
acknowledged to be worth nothing to go into
the market to borrow money, will we not then
enable this company to practice a discredita-
ble maneuver?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will not suppose that
the company will misrepresent the quality of
the land; I would not do so nor advise or aid
others to do so. The small value of the land
would be the true measure of the benefit to tha
company.
Mr. CONKLING. I am from New York,
and therefore I suppose one of those to whom
the gentleman refers as opposed to this bill;
and I think in a few words I can justify tha
faith that is in me. It is an extraordinary grant
in various respects. It gives away a great deal
of land ; it provides that lands rich in iron and
coal shall not be included in the mineral lands
reserved by the United States. It is also pro-
vided that none of the lands remaining to the
United States not granted by the bill shall
ever be sold for less than double the mini-
mum of the usual price of the public land
when sold, thus giving to the grantee virtually
a monopoly in the sale of lands.
Worse than all, it proposes to aid a corpora-
tion to construct a road in competition with
another road about to be built without any
grant of land or any aid whatever from the
Government or from anybody except those
embarked in a private enterprise.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, (in his seat.) That is
enough.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] says "that is
enough," and I yield to his suggestion.
Mr. BIDWELL. What assurance is there
that road will be built without any aid from
the Government?
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer. The com-
pany referred to is engaged in building a road
which has thus far been hard to build because
it cuts through or clambers over mountains,
terminating at or near Sacramento. The prop-
osition before us is to enable another company
to build a road from Sacramento to Benicia,
a place near navigable waters communicating
with San Francisco. The builders already at
work have built a road with its western ter-
minus at Sacramento. They will be forced -by
the gravitation of trade, and so by their own
interest, to connect their road with San Fran-
cisco unless, pending their effort so to connect,
Congress shall step in and give to another
company a premium for contracting a road to
