1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
102B
quarter ending December 31, 1865, the sum of
$2,342, is inserted as money paid to one John
Wanless for transporting nineteen thousand
six hundred pounds of freight from Denver to
the Middle Park, at twelv.e. cents per pound,
at an estimated distance of one hundred and
sixty miles, when it is a well-known fact that
the distance is less than eighty miles. I find
many other items in his account equally dis-
honest ; and for that reason I have moved the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Utah Territory, presents of goods, agricult-
uial implements, and other useful articles, and to
assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and sus-
tain themselves by tho pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the directiiou of the Secretary of
the Interior, $15,000.
Mr HOOPER, of Utah. I move to amend
tho foregoing paragraph by striking out the
appropriation of $15,000 and inserting $25,000.
1 will state in explanation of this motion, that
the estimate of the Department of the Interior
for this appropriation was $25,000, and that
the Commitltee on Appropriations, with a view
to economy, I suppose, reduced it to $15,000.
In conversing with the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Kasson,] I explained to him that it
was necessary, in order to carry out what was
asked for by the superintendent of Indian
affairs in tho Territory, that we should have
$25,000, and that that would fall far short of
what we really should have to do for the Indians
in Utah. 1 will state that there is no Territory
in the United States which has received less
in the way of Indian appropriations than Utah,
and no Territory has settled so large a colony
with so little expense of money. I understand
the gentleman from Iowa has no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. KASSON". I will only say that I be-
lieve the Indian business of the Territory of
Utah is more safely and wisely conducted
than that of any other Territory of the Union,
and I have been satisfied, as the gentleman has
stated, that it was not wise to cut down the
estimate.
The question was taken and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to insert between
lines fourteen hundred and twenty-two and four-
teen hundred and twenty-three the following:
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to purchase tho improvements and claims
oi settlers in Round valley, for an Indian reser-
vation, in the State of California, the following sum
or so much thereof as may be necessary, namely,
$100,000: Provided, that the Secretary of the Interior
shall deem it for the public interest to acquire pos-
session of the whole of the said valley and that.tho
said purchase can bo made for a reasonable valuation.
I wish to explain that amendment. It is
necessary that the Government shall secure
before the lands are all taken up in California
a sufficient quantity of land to enable them to
maintain the Indians who will be required to
he removed to a reservation. The state of
things is different in California from what it
is m any other Stale or Territory. We have
no tribes there that make treaties; and they
are placed upon reservations. It is therefore
incumbent upon the Government to reserve
lands upon which they can be placed. This
valley is peculiarly adapted for that purpose.
It is admitted by all to be the best, and per-
haps the only place in northern California
where the Indians can be properly taken care of.
I feel the more anxious about this, because 1
know the people of that portion of the State
are depending upon mo to see that this ques-
tion is properly adjusted : and that the settlers
who occupy a portion of this valley should be
purchased out, so that it may be used for the
purposes of an Indian reservation. I .refer
only to those settlers who have settled in good
faith and have improvements on their lands.
It is not designed to disturb the Indians upon
any of the reservations in California, but sim-
ply to provide a place where Indians may be
taken as soon as it is found necessary to re-
move them to a reservation.
I believe that the claims of those bona fide
settlers in the valley who have improvements
and would have a right to be paid can be pur-
chased for about seventy-five or eighty thousand
dollars; but it will take a certain amount to
ascertain the valuation of their improvements,
to make the proofs. &c. It will certainly be ne-
cessary to provide some place of this sort, and
if delay occurs and years roll on what can now
be purchased for $100,000 may cost the Gov-
ernment two or three hundred thousand dollars.
All the reports I have seen in reference to this
matter agree that the Government ought to
have possession of this entire valley and ought
to induce the settlers there to give it up for
that purpose, for there is no place so suitable
for an Indian reservation.
I hope, therefore, that my amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. If these lands
were not subject to settlement by what right
are these settlers there now?
Mr. BID WELL. I believe, that all the pub-
lic lauds of the United States are subject to
settlement.
Mr. DEMING. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that a proposition to purchase a val-
ley for the settlement of Indians is not in
order on a general appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair thinks the
objection comes too late. The amendment
has been offered, and remarks have been made
upon it.
Mr. BIDWELL. i will state that a bill
reported from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs has this same object in view. If this
amendment be adopted, the second section of
that bill may bo stricken out, and that will
obviate the necessity of having that bill con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole. It is for
that reason that I ask for the adoption of my
amendment.
I have no further remarks to make upon
this question, unless some gentleman desires
to ask questions in regard to it.
Mr. KASSON. As this amendment is in the
nature of new legislation, and involves so much
consideration, both as to the propriety of the
purchase and the amount required for the
purpose if the purchase should be made, I
I feel entirely unwilling to consent to its being
incorporated into this bill. I have outside in-
formation that the amount asked for, ยง100,000,
will bo altogether inadequate to complete this
work if it is once begun. I think such a matter
as this should receive the investigation and
special report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, or some other committee of thisHou.se,
before it is incorporated into a bill like this,
which our committee has sought to limit to the
closest rule of regularity. I hope, therefore,
this amendment will not be pressed, or if
pressed that it will not be adopted.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will not insist upon the
amendment if it is to give rise to very serious
objection. But I do say that some such provis-
ion as this is absolutely 'necessary if the Gov-
ernment desires to properly maintain and care
for the Indians in California.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Bidwell] whether,
if we make this appropriation for the purpose
of purchasing this property, there is or can be
any legislation to prohibit persons from settling
on this land for the purpose of being bought
out by tho Government?
Mr. BIDWELL. The valley is now full of
settlers: it cannot hold any more. In answer
to the objections of the gentleman from Towa
[Mr. Kassox] I will say that lam willing to add
to my amendment a proviso that the entire
purchase shall not cost more than the sum here
named ; and if it cannot be made for that sum
then none of the appropriation shall be used.
I am very anxious to secure this legislation in
some bill.
Mr. KASSON. That would not do away
with my objection, because it relates to the
whole subject of making an appropriation for
a matter so little understood by the House, and
which before it is introduced here should have
the special report of some committee.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk resumed reading the bill.
The following clause was read:
Navajo Indians in New Mexieo :
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and for the
purchase of sheep, seeds, agricultural implements,
and other articles necessary for breaking the ground
on the reservation upon the Pecos river, $100,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the clause
just read by increasing the appropriation to
$101,000. I do this for the purpose of mak-
ing an inquii^ of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Kasson.] I would inquire of him if
these are not the same Navajo Indians that
have been maintained by the military in New
Mexico for the last year or two ?
Mr. KASSON. 1 should suppose the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr.
Wisdom] is better acquainted with that sub-
ject than any member of tho Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I desire to say that
these are the same Indians which the War
Department has been feeding for the last two
years, or at least the last year. Now the War
Department proposes to turn them over to the
Interior Department, and this appropriation
is in view of that transfer. Under the War
Department there have been expended during
the last year for these Indians the sum of
$1,500,000. It, is proposed to turn them over
to the Department of the Interior, and the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] proposes
to give that Department the sum of $100,000 ;
or only one fifteenth part as much as the War
Department required.
Now I ask the gentleman, considering his
vote on the Indian bill the other day, and his
justification of the military department upon
the subject of Indian affairs, why ho proposes
only one fifteenth as much for the." stealing"
Indian Bureau as the military department re-
quired? This $100,000 is for the subsistence
of the Indians, for the seeds and agiicultural
implements for them, and for all other neces-
sary articles, including sheep : while these same
Indians cost $1,500,000 last year under the
gentleman's improved system for managing
Indians.
Mr. KASSON. I propose to answer to-
morrow in the House several of the sugges-
tions made the other day by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wixdom,] one of which
he has just repeated. I propose to-morrow to
give thatgentleman an opportunity to substanti-
ate several of the statements he has heretofore
made upon this subject. I could do it in part
this afternoon : but the hour is so late, and
there is such a necessity for completing this
bill to-day, that I prefer to correct his state-
ments to-morrow in the House.
1 will say now, however, in answer to his
question why we appropriate only ยฃ100,000 for
the use of the Interior Department for this
purpose, that while tho War Department has
maintained these Indians without any help,
which the gentleman knows much better than
he states, in view of the prospect of transfer-
ring this Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment we believe $100,000 will be ample under
the administration of the War Department to
sustain both the war and the peace expend-
itures.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman now as-
sumes peculiar honesty, as he did the other
day peculiar knowledge of the affairs of the
Indian Bureau. He tells tho House that this
bill has been brought in with a view to turning
the Indian Bureau over to the War Depart-
ment. I leave the question of honesty for the
House to determine.
Mr. KASSON. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman,
that my friend from Minnesota does not recover
more readily from tho soreness of his defeat
on the bill which we had under consideration
the oilier day. I can assure him there is no
soreness anywhere else. I am sorry that the
" squaw'' still remains on his brain to such an
extent as to disturb his equanimity. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WINDOM. I suggest that the wulle-
