1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
ren.'-' Thus, after indulging in some trite
reflections upon the evil of public" debt in
general, he tells us that—"
"To the perpetuation of tha.existinrdebtof the
.United- States there are also, it may be proper to
remark, serious objections growing out of the cir-
cumstances under which. it wtfs created. Although
incurred in a great struggle for the preservation of
the Government, and 'therefore especially sacred in
its character, its burdens are to be shared by those
to whom it is a reminder of humiliation and defeat.
It is exceedingly desirable that this, with other causes
of heart-burnings and alienation, should be removed
as rapidly, as possible, and that all should disappear
with the present generation, so that there may be
nothing m the future to prevent that unity and good
feeling between the sections which are necessary for
true national prosperity."
To others than the Secretary it is known that
the country is no longer divided into hostile
sections. That which made the South sec-
tional was slavery and pride of caste. Slavery,
thank God, has been forever abolished and
pride of caste is vanishing. Yes, sir, the de-
eree, sustained by a majority of nearly half a
million of the voters of the northern States and
enduring as the fiat of Heaven, that pride of
caste must disappear from American politics
has gone forth. Henceforth he who breathes
the air of our country, let his color or father-
land be what or where it may, may by his own
volition invest himself with the attributes of
American citizenship. Everyone born on the
soil is a citizen, and our naturalization laws are
henceforth 8f universal application.
man of sentiment than of affairs. They may
applaud the delicacy of his sensibilities, but
white doing so will probably wish that a well-
informed statesman presided over his Depart-
ment. Destructive to our interests, as the
attempt to provide for the payment of our debt
by extraordinary taxes on this generation would
be, the southern people are less able than we to
endure the mad experiment. Among them are,
as I have said, the widows, orphans, and maimed
soldiers of their armies, whose poverty is not
relieved even by the pittance we give as pensions
to the same classes; their industrial system has
been overthrown and is not yet reorganized;
their cities and towns by their dilapidation tell
how their trade and commerce have suffered,
and their lands to a great extent lie waste; their
banks, insurance companies, and othermoneyed
institutions have gone into liquidation ; their
railroads are in ruins and almost bare of roll-
ing-stock ; and they are making daily appeals to
the people of the North, whose presence among
them the baser sort of Southrons will not permit,
for capital with which to open and work mines
of gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, and coal,
in which their land abounds. Scourged by the
results of their own folly they are awakening
to a knowledge of the value of their posses-
sions, and are proposing to make them avail-
able. They desire if they can obtain the re-
quisite capital to locate the factory near the
ccUon-field and the forge and furnace near
the mine and ore bed.
A brief extuact or two from southern papers
of very recent date will show how cruel Air.
McCulloch is to those to whom he wishes to be
so kind. Says the Petersburg Index:
"The variety of schemes devised for the relief of
that numerous and unfortunate class of persons who
are now laboring under pecuniary embarrassment
evinces the necessity, as well as the difficulty, of pro-
viding an adequate remedy for the mischief sought
to be prevented. A further extension of the stay
law, a total or partial repudiation of private indebt-
edness, and the exemption of specified property from
involuntary alienation are some of the expedients
now brought forward to meet the pressing exigencies
of the occasion."
The Nationalist, Mobile, Alabama, says :
"Reliable planters from Mississippi say that not
one half dozen, onan average, in each county in that
State, can pay their debts. Large tracts of valuable
land are selling at nominal rates."
And the Richmond Times says:
"If the tide of immigration continues to flow by us,
and we make no energetic and intelligent effort to
secure it, taxation will speedily devour what little the
war left, and a few years henee when the pine, the
persimmon, and the sassafras have made a wilderness
of many a broad and once fertile field, some inaus-
picious day the tax-gatherer or the sheriff will hang
out hia red £iag over the ruins of the old family man-
sion, and then, ala3 for the paternal acres, and the
dear, sacred old homes of our boyhood 1 for every-
thing, even the dear old graveyard-, where repose
the honored dust of our forefathers and the bones
of many a noble 'soldier,' 'son,' and fair daughter
will pass into the hands of some codfish-eating Puri-
tan from Boston or Nantucket."
How incapable the people of North Caro-
lina are of enduring extraordinary taxation, is
shown by reference to facts which occurred
anterior to the war by a writer in the Newbern
Times of September 8. After saying with
truth that "the old North State is inferior to
none 0/ her sisters in the combined advantages
of-situation, climate, agricultural and mineral
riches," he proceeds to make the following
exhibit:
" In 1860 North Carolina ranked as twelfth among
the States, containing apopalation of992,622, of whom
331,059 were slaves. The free population are distrib-
uted according to places of birth, as follows:
Born in North Carolina   .634,220
Born in other southern States   21,446
Born in northern States  2 399
Born in foreign countries  3^299
Born at sea and not classified  201
"While North Carolina was thus receiving from
without her limits about twenty-seven thousand im-
migrants, she sentas emigrants to other States no less
than 272,606 of her free-born offspring who are scat-
tered throughoutthe western andsouth western States,
of whom Tennessee received 55.000, Georgia 29,000,
Indiana 27,000, Alabama 23,000, Arkansas 18,000.
_ "She was ninth among the States in her contribu-
tion to the population of the Union; seventh in con-
tributing to the population of other States; behind
all, save little Delaware and South Carolina, which
ranks last of all, in the reception of citizens from
otber States.
"Of the vast foreign immigration, numbering up-
ward of four millions, which has built up the manu-
factures and the internal improvements of the north-
ern and western States she received only about three
thousand, standing in that respect behind every State
in the Union and behind three of the Territories."
But how capable the future people of North
Carolina will be is well shown by the editor of
the Old North State, published at Salisbury.
In an(article entitled "The Future of North
Carolina," he says:
"The questions present themselves, how is all this
to be done, and can the Government promote the
great object by a proper policy? We shall endeavor
to answer these questions to the best of our poor
ability.
"The abolition of slavery has, in our opinion,
changed the destiny of the State. The negro cannot
be entirely relied upon as a laborer, and he must be
assisted by or his place be supplied with white labor-
ers sooner or later. These, except in a small portion
of the State, cannot be profitably employed in agri-
cultural pursuits until other interests are brought
prominently forward and partially developed. This
cannot be done without an influx of capital from
abroad.
"The greatest of these interests, and those which
we shall notice on this occasion, are the mining and
manufacturing interests. It is perfectly useless for
us to speak of the vastmineral wealth of North Caro-
lina; it is known to all the world to be inferior to
that of no country on the globe, both in quantity,
quality, and variety of minerals, but we have no
capital to render them available.
"And to thecapitalist who desires to engage in man-
ufacturing, no country in the world presents more
inducements than North Carolina. Her water power
is unsurpassed. As a general thingsteam is useless in
the State formanufacturingpurposes; for the face of
the country is intersected by water courses such as
abound in few other lands. If we look at the map
we shall see that there is a perfect net-work of
streams, showing that it is one of the best watered
portions of the earth, and the structure of the country
is such that every one of these streams can be made
to drive machinery. All this magnificent provision
of nature has thus far been permitted to waste, in a
great measure at least.
"It is scarcely necessary to refer to these facilities
more in detail. Every reader knows the vast capacity
of our larger rivers for these purposes. That of the
Roanoke, the Neuse, the Haw, the Deep, the Main
Yadkin, the South Yadkin, the Little Yadkin, the
Catawba and other rivers of the State for driving
machinery is scarcely equaled by any in the world,
while we have many other smaller streams of very
great capacity.
"And when all this water power is turned to account
for manufacturing purposes, as it will be at no great
distance of time, when we have thousands of furnaces
in fun blast turning the ores from the bowels of the
earth into the richest marketable commodities, and
when our vast deposits of coal shall be used for these
and other purposes for which nature intended the in,
what a country we will have! What vas>t amounts
of wealth must then flow into our laps. Our State
will then ho dotted over with the most flourishing
manufacturing towns and villages and our now barren
fields will teem with the richest verdure.
"This must necessarily be so. We stated at the
outset that until the mining and manufacturing
interests were at least partially developed imported
white labor could not be profitably employed in agri-
cultural pursuits. But when these interests become
to be a power in the State the thing changes. All
the thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of factory
operative® and miners must find a support, and the
result will be that vast home markets will be created,
lne soil will be heavily taxed for their sustenance
and consequently vast improvements will be made m
our system of agriculture—and nothing needs im-
provement more. But we will not pwrsue this line
of remark further—we have presented the general
outlines, and we leave it to the imagination of our
readers to fill up the picture. In the'course of time
the farms of our State wiU rival those of the Duteh
Pcnnsylvamans; our lands will become equally pro-
ductive, while our system of internal improvements
will become equal to theirs."
More gladly, sir, than the people of the North
will those of the South welcome release from
every Jfellar of taxation from which sagacity
can exempt them. And I assure the Secre-
tary that the people of no part of the country
have shared so largely as those of the South
the surprise and wonder to which he alludes.
Mr. McCulloch says: .
"We have but touched the surface of our resources;
the great mines of our national wealth are yet to be
developed."
This is specially true as to the southern portion
of our country, and in the name of the impov-
erished people of that section J ask, is it well
to tax a generation the surface of whose re-
sources has not been touched by the transmut-
ing hand of labor, and the mines of whose
wealth are yet to be developed, in order to pay
the principal of a mortgage the holder of which
neither needs nor desires his money ? and would
not wisdom or state craft suggest the propriety
of enabling the owners of these mines of Wealth
to accumulate the capital with which to work
them and by the magie touch of labor to con-
vert them into current gold ? The taxing pro-
cess maintains our exhausting dependence oh
foreign nations, while the developing process
would make us as free commercially as we are
politically; and enable us, by our example
of liberal wages and freedom from their ex-
hausting hours of toil, to influence the com-
mercial and manufacturing usages of European
States, as our politi<Xil example is influencing
their political and social institutions.
_ The Secretary, however, has other prescrip-
tions than that of excessive taxation by which
to restore the country. In his opening para-
graphs he says:
" With proper economy in all the Departments of
the Government, the deb t can be paid by the genera-
tion that created it, if wise and equal revenue laws
shall be enacted and continued by Congress, and
these laws are faithfully enforced by the officers
charged with their execution."
Again, he tells us that he "has mainly
directed his attention to measures looking to
an increase of efficiency in the collection of
revenues, to the conversion of interest-bearing
nofes into five-twenty bonds, and to a reduc-
tion of the public debt." "Efficiency in the
collection of revenues," forsooth! "Thefaith-
ful enforcement of laws by the officers charged
with their execution!'' These are brave words
to fall from the lips of one whose faithless ex-
ercise of official functions in this very matter
has during the past year cost the Government
more than $-30,000,000. Brave words, indeed,
are these from one who in a wicked attempt
to subvert the popular will by the corrupt use
of official patronage has removed hundreds'
of well-tried, capable, and experienced offi-
cers of the revenue and customs departments
and substituted for them men deficient alike
in capacity, experience, and character. There
is not a congressional district in the country
whose people are not grieving over the fact
that the Secretary of the Treasury, who em-
bodies in his report reiterations of these fine
phrases, has wantonly and wickedly aggravated
the onerous taxation under which they groan.
Let who will speak of the necessity of a faith-
ful administration and due enforcement of the
revenue laws, for which every patriot will pray,
becoming modesty would constrain the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to avoid the topic. This
is a matter on which Congress should take
early action', and if it means that the customs
and internal revenue laws shall be faithfully
and impartially enforced it must see that an-
other than the author of the report I am con-
sidering shall have the selection of officers for
their enforcement.
