1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
man has the "squaw on the brain" much
worse than,J have, as he has referred to the
matter three times where I have alluded to it
once. I hope that-it is altogether on the brain
with him. [Laughter.] I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I am sorry that the gen-
tleman from Iowa, with whom I voted the other
day, has not answered the question of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota. If it is a fact that,
under the management of the War Department,
$1,500,000 has been expended oi* these Indians
in New Mexico, the House should know it; and
perhaps it might be proper for us to reconsider
our action of the other day.
Mr. KASSON. I supposed that members of
the House understood very well, as does the
gentleman from Minnesota, that the War De-
partment for a long period of time sustained
these Indians from its military rations almost
entirely, I believe. This resulted from the ne-
cessity of the case. There was some discussion
between the War Department and the Indian
Bureau in reference to the management of
those Indians; but not being upon the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I cannot enter into
the details. I have never heard before that it
co§t $1,500,000 to sustain those Indians. I
think my friend from Minnesota must have
been misinformed on that point. -
However that fact maybe, the appropriation
reported here is all that was estimated for.
Of course the committee did not increase the
amount of the estimates. As to the amount
appropriated last year I propose to speak to-
morrow. I am disinclined to detain the com-
mittee at this late hour.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, Mr. Garfield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the President's annual message, had
come to no resolution thereon; also that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having bad under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1039) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 18G8, had directed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
MARY J. DEXTER.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of Mary J. Dexter for a pension, and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
RETROCESSION Off ALEXANDRIA.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (H. R. No. 932) to re-
peal an act entitled "An act to retrocede the
county of Alexandria in the District of Co-
lumbia to the State of Virginia, and for other
purposes," was ordered to be printed.
GLASS AND PORCELAIN COMPANY.
Mr. "RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to incorporate
the Potomac Glass and Porcelain Company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
Will the House agree to the amendments re-
ported from tho Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union to the bill (H. R. No.
1039) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
80th June, 1868?
M. KASSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope that will not be
sustained.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 22, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. KASSON. I will not insist on a vote
this evening upon seconding the call for the
previous question. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tho following petitions, &c., wero presented under
the rule, andreferredto the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The memorial of A. S. Gillet, of
Elgin, Iowa, prnyinjr Congress to enact a law de-
claring alldealers in iiquor criminals worthy of being
punished as such.
Also, the petition of citizens of Mitchell and Alla-
maker counties, in the State of Iowa, asking for the
removal of the five per ccnt. tax on woolen man-
ufactures.
By Mr. DODGE: A memorial of American residents
at Beyroot; Syria, praying that the consul be raised to
the position of a consul general.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: A memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of tho Territory of Utah, pray-
ing for tho repeal of an act entitled " An act to pre-
vent and punish the practice of polygamy in the Ter-
ritories of tho United States."
Also, a memorial of tho Governor and Legislative
Assembly of tho Territory of Utah, for a donation of
town sites in aid of a common school fund.
Also, memorial of the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of tho Territory of Utah, praying for tho
repeal of so much of an act as subjects all mailable
matter between Kansas and California to letter
postage.
Also, a memorial of the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Utuli, praying for addi-
tional clerks.in the Legislative Assembly.
By Mr. KASSON : A petition to remm'e internal rev-
enue tax from woolen manufactures, by manufac-
turers in Clark county, 1 oa; Toy manufacturers in
Decatur county, Iowa; by manufacturers in Madi-
son county, Iowa; by manufacturers in Polk county,
Iowa; by manufacturers in Guthrie county, Iowa;
by manufacturers in Warren county, Iowa; by man-
ufacturers in Page county, Iowa.
By Mr. PRICK: Tho petition ofeitizens and manu-
facturers of woolen goods in tho countics of Cedar,
Linn. Scott, and Jackson, asking that alaw bo passed
at the prcsont session of Congress relieving them
fiom the itva per cent, tax on said manufactures.
Also, the petition of citizens and manufacturers in
tho county of Black Hawk, asking that alaw be passed
attlio present session of Congress relieving tho man-
ufacturers of woolen goods fiom tho Hyc per cent,
tax.
Also, tho petition of 60citiiens of Linn counts', Iowa,
asking that no act be passed curtailing the currency,
or compelling a return to specie payments within a
limited time, or compelling national banks to redeem
ill the city of New York.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: Tho petition of Lory
Waller, Anson Gibbs, Erastus Dickinson, and Jabez
Blackiuan, soldiers of the war of 1812, praying Con-
gress to grant adequate pensions to the surviving
soldiers of that war, and to tho widows of those who
have died.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The potition of
Bachman, Tobener k Co., and others, tobacco man-
ufacturers, of Kansas City, Missouri, praying for a
change in tho t ax 011 cigars.
Also, the petition of citizens of Clay county, Mis-
souri, against a- curtailment of the currency.
13y Mr. WARD, of New York: The petition of 51
loading citizens of Elmira, New York, in favor of the
icstoration of commander A. IC. Iiughcs to the active
list in the Navy.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of citizens o± Bollefonto, Center county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to refrain from tile passage
of any law authorizing the curtailment of tho na-
tional currency, &e.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February G, 18G1?.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Rorert Laird Collier, D. D., of
Chicago, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions; which were
referred to the joint select Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed:
Is the House of Representatives,
Tuesday, January 8,1867.
Mr. Mann, of Potter, offered the following res-
olutions; which were twice read, considered, and
adopted:
liesolvJ. That as all the legislative power of tho
national Government is vested in Congress, it is the
imperative duty of that body to enact such laws, and
provide for the establishment of such governments,
in the States lately in rebellion as will secure to
every loyal person therein full and complete protec-
tion to lifo, liberty, property, and the enjoyment of
equal political rights, to the end that the foundation
of such governments may be fixed on principles of
eternal justice, which will endure for all time.
Resolved, That the CI ork of this House be requested
to forward a copy of tho above resolution to each of
tho (Senators in Congress and members of the House
from the State.
[Extract from the Journal of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
ADIN W. BENEDICT,
Cleric House of llcjircscntativen.
COPYRIGHTS.
Mr. HAYES, by unanimous consent, from
the joint Committee on the Library, reported
back Senate bill No. 491, amendatory of the
several acts respecting copyrights, with an
amendment.
The first section of the bill provides that
every proprietor of a book, pamphlet, map,
chart, musical composition, print, engraving,
or photograph, for which a copyright shall
have been secured, who shall fail to deliver to
the Library of Congress at Washington a printed
copy of every such book, pamphlet, map, chart,
musical composition, print, engraving, or pho-
tograph, within one month after publication
thereof, shall, for every such default, be sub-
ject to a penalty of twenty-five dollars, to be
collected at the suit of the Librarian of Con-
gress, as other penalties of like amount are
now collected by law.
The second section provides that every
such proprietor may transmit any book, pam-
phlet, map, chart, musical composition, print,
engraving, or photograph, for which lie may
have secured a copyright, to the Librarian of
Congress, by mail free of postage, provided
the words " copyright matter'' be plainly writ-
ten or printed on the outside of the package
containing the same ; and it shall be the duty
of the several postmasters and deputy post-
masters, when such package shall be delivered
to them, or any of them, to see that the same
is safely forwarded to its destination by mail,
without cost or charge to said proprietor.
The amendment of the committee is as fol-
lows:
Insert in second section, between lines eight and
nino, after the word "postmasters" the words "to
give a receipt for the same if requested, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read tho third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAYES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALLOWANCE FOR TRANSPORTATION, ETC.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution declaratory of the
law allowing for transportation, bounty, &c.;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EMPLOYES Of THE HOCSE.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Accounts, reported a bill to
equalize the pay of the officers and employ6s
of tho House of Representatives and to prohibit
the allowance of extra compensation, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
MERCANTILE INSURANCE COMPANY, NEW YORK.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent,
moved that Senate bill No. 302, for the relief
of the Mercantile Insurance Company of New
York be taken from the Speaker's table.
