1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
occupy the most easy and profitable portion of
the route.
Mr. BID WELL. That is one of the most
extraordinary statements I have ever heard.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. CONKLINGr moved that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bights of volunteers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (H. K. No.
1134; declaring and fixing the rights of volunteers as
apart of the Aruiy,having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments to
the first and second sections of the bill, and that the
House recede from their disagreement to the addi-
tional 8oction of the Senate and agree to the same.
ROBERT 0. SCHENCK,
li. E. PAINE.
Managers on the part of the Howe,
IIENRY WILSON,
J. M. HOWARD.
Manager« on the part of the Senate.
I will merely say that we have got all we
want. [Laughter.]
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
citie3 and towns on public lands.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 532, for the relief of the
inhabitants of cities and towns upon the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. JULIAN. This is a bill which has
been before the Committee on the Public
Lands, and we have agreed to a substitute,
which I now move.
The substitute of the committee was read,
as follows:
Strike out all alter the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That whenever any portion of the public lands
of the United States have been or shall be settled
upon and occupied as a town site, and therefore not
subject to entry under the agricultural preemption
laws, it shall be lawful, in ease such town shall be
incorporated, for the corporate authorities thereof,
and if not incorporated, for the judge of the county
court for the county in which such town may be situ-
ated, to enter at the proper land office, and at the
minimum price, the land so settled and occupied in
trust for the several use and benefit of the occupants
thereof, according to their respective interests: the
execution of which trust, as to the disposal of the
lots in such town and the proceeds of the sales thereof,
to be conducted under such, rules and regulations as
may be prescribedby the legislative authority of the
State or Territory in which the same may be situated:
Provided, That the entry of the land intended by this
act to be made, shall be made, or a declaratory state-
ment of the purpose of the inhabitants to enter it as
a town site under this act, shall be filed with the
register of the proper land office prior to the com-
mencement of tne public sale of the body of land in
which it is included, and that the entry or declaratory
statement shall include onlysuch lands as is actually
occupied by the town and the title to which is in the
United States. If upon surveyed lands the entry
ehall in its exterior limits be made in conformity to
the legal subdivisions of the public lands authorized
by the act of 24th April, 1820, and where the inhabit-
ants are in number one hundred and less than two
hundred shall embrace not exceeding three hundred
and twenty acres; and in cases where the inhabitants
of such town are more than two hundred and less
than one thousand, shall embrace not exceeding six
• a • f°rty acres; and where the number of
inhabitants is one thousand and over one thousand,
shall embrace not exceeding twelve hundred and
eighty acros : Provided further* That for each addi-
tional one thousand inhabitants, not five thousand
m all, a further grant of three hundred and twenty
acres shall be allowed: Ami provided further That in
Territory in which a land office may not have been
established, declaratory statements as hereinbefore
provided maybe filed with the surveyor general of
the surveying district in which the lands are situate,
who shall transmit said declaratory statements to
the General Land Office: And provided further, That
any act of said trustees not made in conformity to
the rules and regulations herein alluded to shall be
void; effect to be given to the foregoing provisions
according to such regulations as may be prescribed by
thoSeoretary of the Interior: And provided further.
That the provisions of this act shall not apply to
military or other reservations heretofore made by tho
United States, nor to reservations heretofore for
light-houses, custom-houses, mints, or such othor
public purposes as the interests of the United States
mayrequire, whetherheld mill or reservation? through
the Land Office by title derived from the Crown of
Spain, or otherwise.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute of the committee
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The hour of half past four having arrived,
the House took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
withdrawal op papeks.
On motion of Mr. HILL, the Committee
on Military Affairs were discharged from the
consideration of the papers in the case of Rice
M. Brown; and the same were withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HILL, the papers in the
case of Charles McCarthy w&re withdrawn
from the files of the House.
indian superintendence.
Mr. BURLfilGH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which, be-
ing a call for executive information, was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, instructed to lay before tho House all the
reports and correspondence of Indian superintend-
ents and agents that were omitted in the report of
thelateCommissionerof Indian Affairs, D.N.Cooley,
published October. 1866.
Mr. BURLEIGH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue frauds.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That six thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Internal Revenue Frauds,
with the testimony, be printed for the use of the
House, and six thousand copies of the report with-
out the testimony.
government printing.
Mr. LAFLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the memorial of the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union of Washington,
District of Columbia, asking for an investiga-
tion into the affairs of the Government printing,
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it lie on the tabic.
The memorial referred to in this report calls
for an investigation into the affairs of the Pub-
lic Printing Office. _ It was charged in that
memorial that political favoritism had been
exhibited to the exclusion of loyal soldiers and
to the introduction of men who had been civil-
ians, and in some cases disloyal. That memo-
rial was submitted to the joint Committee on
Printing of both Houses, and has been by them
most carefully examined. Witnesses touching
these charges have been brought before the
committee, and the report, which has just been
made, is of a character similar to that which
has been reported and adopted by the Senate.
So far as the motives of the gentlemen pre-
senting this memorial are concerned, the Com-
mittee on Printing have no charge to make.
They were creditable to them, but on the con-
trary they are compelled from what thev know
to say that there is no just or proper founda-
tion upon which to rest the charges made. So
far from having proved these charges, they have
shown to the entire satisfaction of every mem-
ber of the committee of both Houses that in all
matters referred to in this memorial the pres-
ent superintendent was highly worthy of the
post which he has filled.
And in this connection, inasmuch as he yes-
terday closed his official connection with the
Government Printing Office, it is due to him
to say that in courtesy of deportment, in en-
ergy, in efficiency, in fidelityto public trust, he
has met the highest favor with all of the com-
mittee who have been brought in connection
with him.
The committee were accordingly discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial,
and it was laid on the table.
blank-books for committees.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That no blank-books behereafter printed
or furnished for the different committees of Congress
until those now in possession of said committees are
exhausted; and that hereafter such books be printed
at the Government Printing Office with the number
of the Congress left blank.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the chair-
man of the committee why he finds it neces-
sary to interfere with committees of this House
in respect to the stationery, blank-books, &c.,
which they may deein necessary for their use ;
whether there is any abuse of their power
which calls for interference? I trust unless
there is some abuse we shall not have our com-
mittees embarrassed in this respect. Every
committee must be the judge of what stationery
it wants and what blanks it requires.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am very glad the gentleman
from Tennessee has called my attention to the
fact, for I am quite well assured from what I
know of the character of that gentleman that
there is nothingin this resolution which can meet
his opposition or the opposition of any member
of the House. It in no way relates to station-
ery ; it in no way conflicts with the rights of
any committee. But every chairman of every
committee understands that it has been the
practice of the Government at the commence-
ment of each session to furnish each commit-
tee of Congress with an entire new set of books.
Now, almost every chairman of a committee
knows that but a very small part of these ^
books is used for each Congress. And it is
simply in the interest of economy, simply for
the purpose of using up the books which each
committee has, and not with any view of inter-
fering in the slightest degree with the commit-
tees that this resolution was introduced. Suf-
fice it to say that the committee over which I
have the honor to preside, and which I ven-
ture to say has had as much business before it
as a majority of the other committees of the
House, find that one book which was furnished
to us is amply sufficient for us for two, three,
four, or perhaps five sessions of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is morally certain that
on Monday next, or as soon thereafter as prac-
ticable, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Laflin] will be appointed the chairman of the
same committee. If the facts are as he has
stated, then he can retain the book he now has,
and not make a requisition for another. And
so with other committees.
Now, I think it would be better to leave this
matter of books to the discretion of the com-
mittees. The adoption of this resolution would
be an imputation upon the chairman of the
committees of this House, bv intimating that
they would abuse the trust which we place in
them, and for one I am not willing to put my
name on record in favor of any such resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaed] fully under-
stands this resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Perhaps not. I under-
stand it to refer to the record-books of commit-
tees.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] were
correct, if they were in accordance with the
