uw.
OSi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deprive the porr man of his entire capital,
the value of his labor, by depriving him of em-
ployment. Its ti -3t effect will be to increase
the rate of interest and diminish the rate of
wages, and its final effect wide-spread bank-
ruptcy and a more protracted suspension
of specie payments. Anxious.as the people
are to relieve the country of the evils entailed
upon it by the war, and willing as they have
proven themselves to be to endure any priva-
tions or make any sacrifices required by the
exigencies of the country, they will not consent
to an experiment involving such terrible conse-
quences for the purpose of paying the "Inge-
any'" arid other banks which hold and use as
part of their reserve our compound-interest
notes two dollars for every one they invested
iii this interest-bearing portion of our " lawful
money." Much as banks, bankers, and spec-
ulators in Government securities may approve
this policy, the people earnestly and indignantly
protest against it.
Does Mr. McCulloch forget that the eom-
pound-interest bearing notes are part of the
"legal tender currency" against which he
declaims, and that by absorbing them he will
be contracting the currency and reducing the
volume of interest that is Compounding against
the Government? The banks are required,
those of certain cities, to maintain a reserve of
" lawful money" equal to twenty-five per cent,
of their circulation and deposits, and the bal-
ance of them a like reserve of fifteen per cent.,
and as he well knows they have absorbed and
hold" not greenbacks, but compound-interest
notes as that reserve. He- should keep his
non-interest-bearing notes afloat till these are
redeemed. They will mature in 1867 and
1868, and by redeeming them, he will contract
the currency sEt the rate of $6,000,000 per
Inonth and relieve the Government of one of
its most exhausting interest accounts. By
this process he will keep five-twenties above
par and promote the conversion into them of
seven-thirties, and reduce the interest on that
portion of our debt from seven and three-tenths
to six per cent. But by his process of contract-
ing the volume of greenbacks and imposing
extraordinary taxes on our industry he will
delay the redemption of the one and the con-
version of the other, and may deprive us of the
ability to redeem either the seven-thirties or
compound-interest notes at maturity.
The people do not regard greenbacks and the
notes of national banks with equal favor, but
have a well-grounded preference for the former.
They know that the ultimate redemption of the
bank notes is secured by deposits of Govern-
ment securities and the maintenance of a re-
serve of greenbacks; and as the substance is
more solid than its shadow, they prefer that
which secures to .that which requires to be
secured. Several national banks have failed ;
and though the ultimate redemption of the
notes was secured, there was no provision for
their immediate redemption, and the laboring
people who held them had to sell them at great
loss to "Injeany" or other bankers, who
could afford to hold them till the Government
was ready to redeem them. Having sustained
no such losses by greenbacks they naturally
prefer them. Adequate as these reasons are
for the popular preference, there are others
which I will state, in the language of the Sec-
retary's report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If I
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
he asserts that when national banks fail their
notes cease to circulate. Has the gentleman
ever heard of any such instance? The Govern-
ment is still responsible when the bank fails,
and these notes are redeemed when presented
at the Treasury. I understand they circulate,
therefore, as well after as before the suspen-
sion of the bank. It may be remembered that
the Treasurer of the United States was recently
somewhat criticised by the press for his state-
ment that the national bank notes were better
after the bank failed than before.
Mr. KELLEY. I have recognized the ulti-
mate responsibility of the Government for
them, but I know that traders, and traders in
money especially, take advantage of all con-
tingencies, and I have known laboring men
to sell to brokers the notes of a broken na-
tional bank at considerable loss. The an-
nouncement that a bank has failed depreciates
the notes in the market, for the people, and
especially laboring people, arc not as familiaras
the gentleman from Massachusetts with all the
minute provisions of the law by which the ulti-
mate redemption of these notes is secured;
and when a bank fails those poor people, who
cannot carry them to the Treasury for redemp-
tion, are compelled to sell them at a heavy loss.
But, as I was proceeding to show, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury more than sustains my
position on this point, for he deliberately ar-
gues that legislation is required '' to make them
throughout the United States a par circulation.''
He says:
"The solvency of the notes of national banks is
secured by a deposit of bonds with the Treasurer at
Wasbington; but as the banks are scattered through-
out the country, and many of them are in places dif-
ficult of access, a redemption of their notes at their
respectivecounters is not all that is required to make
them throughout the United States a parcirculation.
It is true that the notes of all national banks are
receivable for all public dues, except duties upon
imports, and must be paid by the Treasurer in case
the banks which issued are unable to redeem them;
but it will not be claimed that the notes of banks,
although perfectly solvent, but situated in interior
towns, are practically as valuable as the notes of
banks in the sea-board cities."
These depreciatory remarks are not appli-
cable to greenbacks. They are of equal value
throughout the country, and the people cherish
them for this reason more than from the fact
that they are the evidence of a patriotic loan
made by the people to the Government with-
out interest. Had Mr. McCulloch suggested
that the national bank notes, for holding bonds
to secure which we pay the banks $18,000,000
per annum, should be supplanted by green-
backs, and that a sum equal to the interest on
the bonds should be applied to the creation of
a sinking fund for the redemption of the national
debt, the people would have applauded his wis-
dom and patriotism, and not questioned his
motives as they are now constrained to.
Had such been the Secretary's suggestion he
might have omitted this one of his propositions,
namely, to compel "the national banks to
redeem their notes at the Atlantic cities, or,
what would be better, at a single city," which,
in plain language, is a recommendation that we
increase the power and profits of the banks of
New York by compelling every national bank
outside of that city to deposit a portion of its
funds with them. The gambling tendencies
of the New York speculators in stocks and
provisions need no such stimulant as this;
and recent experience has shown that leading
banks of that city are managed more recklessly
than any others in the country, and would
therefore be an unsafe depository for so large
a trust. Less than a month ago the Secretary
tested their management and produced a per-
turbation in prices throughout the country by
which fortunes were lost and won by calling
upon them for a small portion of the Govern-
mentdeposits, which were mistakenly supposed
to be represented by a reserve of greenbacks
in their vaults. He has not given the facts to
the country, but it is known in well-informed
circles that some of them were compelled to ask
for a "brief extension" because they were un-
able to pay the cheeks of a depositor. Prac-
tical men may therefore be excused for speak-
ing of the proposal of such remedies as char-
latanism.
Mr. Chairman, as I have said, the Secretary
has not ventured to indicate what, in his judg-
ment, is the amount of currency "required by
legitimate and healthful trade" in the present
condition of the country. That condition is
abnormal, though not entirely peculiar, and
certainly not unprecedented. By unwise and
unpatriotic legislation, which was dictated by
the magnates of the South, millions of our
poor people were doomed to the simplest and
least remunerative forms of agricultural labor,
or to enforced idleness, in which they were
tending to barbarism ; while our raw materials
were being wrought into fabrics for our use
in the workshops of transatlantic nations, and
we had thus been drained of speeie and had
become largely a debtor nation before the
war begun. Those same magnates plunged us
into a war of unprecedented proportions, which
we were unable to maintain with a specie or
convertible currency. In the hour of our need
we discerned the fact that ours is one of the
two countries to which, in the language of
Gortschakoff, the enlightened prince who is
guiding the destinies of the other, " God has
given such conditions of existence thai their
grand internal life is enough for them," and
determined that until the war and its conse-
quences should have passed away we would give
the world an example of our ability and self-
reliance, and use a currency based, not on the
international standard, gold and silver, but on
our faith in the resources of our country and
the integrity of its Government. We thus fur-
nished the Government $8,000,000,000 with
which to create, arm, feed, clothe, and pay our
Army and Navy. ' •
How this prompt supply of money quickened
industry and developed the productive power
of the country I need not pause to say. I will,
however, remind the committee that though it
was "irredeemable legal-tender currency," it
restored the credit of the nation, which had
been unable to borrow $5,000,000 at twelve per
cent., and lifted the people from the bank-
ruptcy of 1857 to a degree of prosperity nn-
equaled in our history. From 1857 to 1861
the rate of interest was high and that of wages
low, and neither capital nor labor could find
profitable and permanent employment. But
with a safe, though perhaps somewhat redun-
dant, currency, by the use of which our people
were compelled to look to our own workshops
for supplies, prosperity, in the midst of war,
succeeded the adversity of contracted and stag-
nant peace with magic speed. And if we now
adopt a tariff law that will protect our industry
as faithfully as did the difference between our
paper and gold, in which we required the
duties on foreign import# to be paid during the
war, we will soon discover that there is ample
and profitable employment for all the currency
authorized by law; and that if we resolutely
refuse to increase its volume it will approxi-
mate the standard of convertibility more rap-
idly by the development of the productive
power of the country and the diversification
of employment for the people than it can by
the process of contraction at any rate. Pro-
tection and development will insure a prosperous
future; but rapid contraction will reproduce the
stagnation, bankruptcy, and suffering of 1837
and 1857.
The question presented to the mind of prac-
tical statesmen is not what would be the best
currency if we were founding a new community,
or how far we might with advantage add paper
to a purely metallic currency, but is, what under
existing conditions do the true interest of the
country require. And on this question I again
take issue with the Secretary of the Treasury
and deny that the country will find in a rapid
or material contraction of its currency, or in
extraordinary taxation, a remedy for any of
the evils that afflict it. If, as some of his
friends have done, the Secretary should point
me to the high prices which many articles com-
mand, or to the immense deposits which, unpro-
ductive to their owners, are enhancing the pres-
ent profits and future liabilities of the banks, I
will reply to him, as I have to them, that these
are not proofs of the redundancy of the cur-
rency, but of his mistaken policy and inveterate
mismanagement.
Though the use of those immense deposits is
lost to their cautious proprietors, the money
does not lie idle in the vaults of banks; it is
lent on call in large sums to adventurers, who
by its use enhance the price of such commod-
ities as they can monopolize or control. Those
who could make their own capital productive
are afraid to use it, and reckless gamblers riot
in its use. Yes, sir, the Secretary's policy is
