1867.
dONi&RlSSIOFAL GLOBE;
263
does not regulate prices, and that apart from
the often fatal vice in our banking system to
which I have alluded it has btit little influence
on them, I appeal from the judgment of Mr.
McCulloch to that of the people, and ask
whether, if the volume of currency regulated
prices, it would not affect every species of prop-
erty equally or nearly so ? ' -*
If price's are. regulated by the volume of cur-
rency, how is it that "American wool is as cheap
in the Philadelphia market now as it was before
the'war? HoW is it that'corn-is unusually low
arid wheat is commanding a higher price than
ever before ice the history of our country? How
is it that during list month one variety of cot-
ton goods, those known as brown or unbleached
goods, advanced twenty per cent., or two cents
per yard, and another variety,_ bleached goods,
declined twenty per cent., or from five to seven
cents per yard? How is it that mess pork
commands but about half last years prices,
wh'ilethe decline in beef has been little more
than nominal? And how is it that in 1865,
with gold at 25, Lehigh coal commanded at
the shipping-point from five to-six dollars per
ton, and in 1866, with gold ranging from 32
to 40, the same qualities of coal at the same
points will not bring three dollars to three dol-
lars and a quarter per ton?
But I will not weary the committee with fur-
ther illustrations of the' absurdity of the Sec-
retary's postulate. It is, however, proper that
before leaving this point for1 the present I
should admit that a violent and sudden con-
traction of the currency at a time when the
loans' of our banks are extended by lending
th'eir deposits does work an inevitable and often
ruinous redaction of prices. It is thus: under
the influence of contraction depositors draw
upon their reserve, and the banks to meet the
demand call upon their debtors, and they to pro-
tect their creditmust sell, no matter at what sac-
rifice, at such prices as they can get. I need
not follow the movement to its consequences.
A tight money market, causing a few failures,
has. more than once begotten panic and wide-
spread bankruptcy, and would now extinguish
the revenues of the Government. Had the Sec-
retary of the Treasury ascribed the fluctuations
in business and the inordinate prices at which
many of the necessaries of life are held to
their real cause, our habit of banking on ac-
cumulated credits, and not pressed the purpose
of contracting the currency, the country would
not be depressed as it is. Threatened con-
traction has hung like the sword of Damocles
over the heads of our producing classes.
Let me ask, what is currency and what is its
ftmetion? Currency is that which a people
have agreed to accept and use as money. It
is the medium by which the small transactions
of daily life are settled. Its sphere is that of
personal use and retail trade. Except in the
final settlements between banks and their cus-
tomers, it is not commonly used in large trans-
actions. We carry currency upon our persons
to meet Current demands. You find it in the till
of the retail dealer and the hands of workmen,
who, when currency is abundant, are paid in it,
and not in orders on stores at which they are
compelled to select articles from a small stock
of inferior goods and pay high prices, as they did
when currency was scarce. It is possible that
Mr. McCulloch does not know that the abun-
dance of currency has redeemed our laboring
people from the burdensome taxation inflicted
npon them by the order system and payment
in the depreciated paper of distant and un-
known banks. Currency in its legitimate use
has no wider sphere than I have indicated.
Like all other blessings, it may be perverted, as
it is when it accumulates as deposits in banks
and is used as the basis of large loans to ad-
venturous operators or speculators. In the
heavy operations of business currency finds no
place. These are settled by cheeks, drafts,
and bills of exchange. Before the war cur-
rency was scarce, and the deficiency was sup-
plied by the promissory notes of individuals
who, by indorsingthe notes of those who bought
from them or those oftheir factors or commission
merchants, became debtors to the amount due
them from others. It is said that when the war
began the amount represented by the prom-
issory notes of individuals was more than
" of cur-
notes,
and none propose to give them but the people
of the South, who have no currency. The con-
traction of the currency insisted upon by Mr.
McCulloch would revive the credit system, with
its orders, for work people, and its periodical
returns of wide-spread bankruptcy to the com-
munity at large.
I do not think the Secretary is entirely igno-
rant of the simple truths I have been enun-
ciating. It would be pleasant to know that he
is, for it is not agreeable to be constrained to
doubt the motives of one to whom we have
given our confidence. But in view of the com-
munication made by Mr. Nasbyand the fact
that the Secretary's theories,-if carried into
execution, will promote speculation, I cannot
help thinking that he regards banking and
stock operations as the interests to which all
others should be subordinated. He recom-
mends the withdrawal of the greenbacks that
the national banks may supply the circulating
medium of the country, and he wishes each
national bank to be compelled to deposit in
one of the Atlantic cities a sufficient amount
of its capital to justify the redemption of its
notes at that point. The Atlantic city to which
he points is the great center of banking and
speculation, and compliance with these sugges-
tions would aggravate the speculative power of
New York by the proportion such deposits
would bear to its general fund. His theories
are in perfect accord with his practice, for I
find that he is in the habit of furnishing the
banks, and through them speculators, an aver-
age loan of about twenty-five million dollars.
Thus by an official statement which lies before
me it appears that the balances in the hands
of the national banks was—
Juno 1,1866. $26,333,725 59
July 1,1866   34,124,171 21
August 1, 1866 -.  36,931,415 22
September 1,1866  32,590,274 58
October 1,1866  30,976,979 85
I am, however, informed officially that there
was during those months a liability to draft
on these balances distributed through not less
than three months amounting in all to $14,-
000,000 by coupons in transitu or in the hands
of the holders; so that the banks could with
safety lend on call during the whole period
$25,000,000 to those engaged in speculating in
food and increasing its price. Had $20,000,000
of the sum been applied to the absorption of
seven-thirties or compound-interest notes spec-
ulation would have been less rife, our interest
account would have been materially dimin-
ished, and a slight approximation have been
made toward specie payments and the ultimate
redemption of the public debt. Doubtless Mr.
McCulloch1 s desire "to keep the business of
the country as steady as possible" alone pre-
vented this happy consummation.
Sir, it is within our memory that the estab-
lishment of the sub-Treasury—the divorcement
of the public Treasury from thebanks and bank-
ing system of the country—overthrew the Ad-
ministration and party that inaugurated it; but
it is also remembered that so beneficent were
its operations that no succeeding administra-
tion of any party dared assail it. It had not
been in operation a year till it had vindicated
its wisdom in the estimation of every judicious
business man. Nor would it probably ever
have been interfered with in time of peace.
The greatconvulsion which threatened to divide
our country interrupted its action which should
forthwith be restored. It acted as a regulator,
a natural regulator, of the trade of the coun-
try. When enterprise ran into excesses and
unduly increased the public revenues, it with-
drew from circulation and locked up a portion
of the currency, and by the stringency it thus
created admonished banks and business men
to pause; and when, having given an early
check to rash operations and diminished the
current revenues of the country, it gently, as by
a process of nature, restored vigor to the circu-
lation by the fact that its payments were in ex---
cess of its receipts, as its receipts had just.been
in excess of its payments. As a safeguard for
the public funds, if for no other reason* the Sec-
retary should have recommended its full res-
toration, for durjng the entire period of its
existence, as far as I know, the Government
did not lose by any of its officers.as much as it
did by the failure of the Merchants' National
Bank of Washington alone. It was a safe de-
pository for the public money, as well .as-a,
healthful influence in the business operations
of the country. Had the Secretary suggested
that it would answer as well for a mixed cur-
rency as it did for the era of specie payments,
and recommended its immediate reestablish-
ment he would have done much to give steadi-
ness to the business of the country, diminish
speculative prices, quicken production, and in-
crease the revenue of the country. And I trust
that Congress before.it rises will pass a law pro-
hibiting the deposit of any poi>tion of the Gov-
ernment funds in any bank, or, in, other words,;
divorce the Treasury from the banks by reor-
ganizing the sub-Treasury.
It was perhaps too much to hope for such
a recommendation from the Secretary. He
enjefys the control he now exercises over the
business of the country, and would not will-
ingly surrender it. But for the maintenance
of an average deposit of more than«"$30,000,000
could the National-Union-Johnson party have
extorted from the banks—perhaps not directly
as corporations, but from their stockholders and
officers, to be accounted for in the item of inci-
dental expenses—the large contributions which
the newspapers told us certain banks were forced
to make in aid of the recent effort of the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Treasury to subvert
the popular will. But this was but an occa-
sional incident, probably never to occur again 4
for I believe that the future can produtje to our
country no second Andrew Johnson,'or that
should it contain within its womb another like
unto him he will be unable to find creatures
to sacrifice their own convictions and the inter-
ests of the country for the poor privilege of
unworthily filling high places in a great Govern-
ment. That of which I speak is the influence
these deposits, coupled with his exclusive con-
trol of the gold in the Treasury, averaging about
one hundred million dollars, which he com-
placently calls a "handsome reserve of coin
in the Treasury," give the Secretary over the
business of the country.
Under the action of the sub-Treasury, as I
have shown, a payment of money by the Govern-
ment relieved a stringent money market; but
how is it now? When the Secretary of the
Treasury is sacrificing such immense amounts
of interest in order to give steadiness to busi-
ness the Government deposits are loaned by
the banks on notes of short date or on call ;
and if the current revenues of the Government
be in excess of its current expenses, as they
have been throughout his administration, its
deposits accumulate and swell the volume of
such loans. The receipts of the Government
thus aggravate the tendency to undue expan-
sion; and what is the effect when it is required to
use any considerable amount of its deposits? It
is this; the Secretary notifies the banks that he
is about to call for ten or twenty million
dollars ; and the banks, not knowing which of
their debtors will be ready and who may be
utterly unable to pay, notify notalone borrow-
ers of the precise amount demanded by the
Secretary, but holders of five, six, or ten times
the amount. Thus that which should give •
relief to the market becomes an exaggerated
cause of contraction, and the payment of
$10,000,000 by the Government is made to
interfere with business operations to the
amount of §100,000,000. We have all observed
this and know that instead of being a natural
operation the effects of which should be felt
beneficially, each payment of any considerable
sum of money by the Government, after a long
line of deposits has accumulated, produces a
perturbation through all commercial circles.
