1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1703
And nobody will object to haying the time ex-
tended in which this company shall construct
its road.
But I take it that Congress will object to
allowing the Metropolitan Railroad Company
a privilege by which it will escape forever from
the requirements of their charter, by tacking
on at the ends of their already constructed
road such arrangements as will enable them to
run their cars on the rails of another company
and take from them the rights which Congress
has already given them.
Mr. IN(iERSOLL. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question wag upon the amendment
of Mr. Ingehsoll; and being taken, there
were—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 589, to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute," and to define and ex-
tend the powers of the same; which was read
a first and second time.
The first section changes the name of the
corporation to "The National Theological
Institute and University."
The second section provides that the cor-
poration may hold property in real estate, in
value not exceeding $250,000 at any one time.
_ The third section provides that the corpora-
tion shall be authorized to extend its privileges
and facilities of instruction to others than
those connected with the Christian ministry, to
confer degrees, and to do all other acts and
things which pertain to universities in the
United States, the terms of admission to such
privileges being the same as those usual to
such universities.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALLOTMENT OP SUPREME JUDGES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, made the following
report from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Honses on the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 534, to provide for the
allotment of the members of tho Supreme Court
among the circuits, and for the appointment of a
marshal for the Supreme Court, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from its amendments and
agree to the bill as passed by the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
W. RADFORD,
THOMAS WILLIAMS,
Manage™ on the part of the Souse,
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
IRA HARRIS,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON, ALEXANDRIA, ETC., RAILROAD.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table; and the first
business was a bill (S. No. 264) to grant cer-
tain privileges to the Alexandria, Washington,
and Georgetown Railroad Company, in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to grant to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company the consent of
Congress to use steam power in drawing the
cars of the company on the structure across
the Potomac river erected by the company
under the provisions of the act to extend the
charter of the Alexandria and Washington
Railroad Company, and for other purposes,
] approved Marcn 8,1863, and along the railway
! now laid by the company, or which may be
1 hereafter laid, under the provisions of that act,
. along Maryland avenne and First street west,
, in the city of Washington, to the present depot
of the Washington branch of the Baltiniore
' and Ohio railroad, subject always and in all
particulars to such restrictions and regulations
| concerning the use of such steam power as the
j corporation of Washington may by its ordi-
I nances at any time impose npon or at any time
j require of the railroad company.
I The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be kid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP IN TIIK DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill entitled "An act authorizing
limited partnerships in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read-a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that this bill
shall be put upon ita passage now.
Mr. ROSS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield for that
motion. There can be no good reason for such
a motion. This bill is almost an cxact copy
of a New York statute concerning limited part-
nerships. It has been thoroughly examined and
matured by the Senate Committee on tho Dis-
trict of Columbia, and there can be no objec-
tion to it. It is a measure much needed in this
District, as there is no law of this kind now
applicable here.
Mr. DAVIS. From the reading of this bill,
so far as I have been able to hear it, it appears
to correspond closely with the New York statute
on the same subject. I believe that it will be
useful and beneficent in its operation, and I
hope it may be passed.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to call attention to
one clause of this bill which provides for a
limited partnership consisting of a single indi-
vidual. I think this is1 without parallel in
Federal or State legislation. I cannot vote
for any such provision.
Mr. -INGERSOLL. I think that my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] will find on a
more careful examination of the bill that it is
not liable to the objection which he suggests.
The bill does not authorize such a partnership
as he mentions. It simply allows tne business
of a firm to be done in the name of one man.
Mr. DAVIS. The statute of New York
allows a man, on the publication of a suitable
notice as to the extent of his interest, to em-
bark his capital in a special partnership with-
out any liability beyond the amount which he
contributes, the only consideration being that
he shall not engage in directing the business
of the partnership. The general partners in
the concern attend to the business of the firm.
The world knows full well the condition on
which capital is embarked. Every man feels
the relation existing between general and
special partners. No one is deceived unless
he desires to be deceived. Therefore I say
there is nothing wrong in such a firm. That
provision is in this bill, and I see no objection
to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to my friend
over the way that the bill does not present to
my mind the same objection that it does to his,
and I refer him to the language of the second
section.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed. !
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 460) in relation to persons
imprisoned under sentence for offenses against
the laws of the United States;
An act (S. No. 547) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the reversion
to the United States of the lands granted by
Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point on or near Traverse Bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road," approved July 3, 1866; and
An act (S. No. 550) to amend an act entitled
"An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbia," approved
June 25, 1866.
SPECIAL COMMISSIONER OP REVENUE.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce ajoint resolution providing that sec-
tion sixty-six of the act approved July 13,
1866, entitled "An act to amend an act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, approved June
13, 1864," authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to appoint a special commissioner
of the revenue, be hereby repealed, and that
said office of special commissioner be abol-
ished.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1126, making
appropriations for the support of the Army fot
the year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes, and moved to suspend the rujea in
order to consider them in the House without
reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate seriatim) as fol-
lows
First amendment:
Page 2, after line eleven insert the following:
For the erection of a bridge at Roek Island, Illi-
nois, as recommended by the chief of Ordnance,
$250,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommended concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to non-concur.
This is a matter we have already once defeated.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. PRICE. I hope it will be adopted. It
is made on the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War and the chief of Ordnance.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
63, noes 34.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the yeas and
nays and also the previous question.
Mr. PRICE. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on the previous question until a brief
explanation has been made of this matter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question for the present.
Mr. Speaker, this Congress has embarked
in almost everything during this session, but 1
believe this is the first time that it has gone
into the bridge business. I recollect that an
old gentleman, writing to me once a letter of
advice and instruction, told me to " beware of
bridges." [Laughter.] I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. PRICE. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for yielding to me. I
hope I will have the attention of the House
while I make a brief explanation of this mat-
