1867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
Mr. KASSON. That is a side question from
the Indian appropriation bill. About that fact
I have no information, nor has the committee,
and for that reason it should not be sprang
upon us at this time.
Mr. WINDOM. I would beglad to givethe
gentleman information on that point.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman says I differ
with my authority in regard to the number of
these Indians. Let me say, General Carlton,
who commands that department, on page 312
of the same report of the Indian commissioner
uses this language:
Headquarters Department of New Mexico,
Kakte Fj':, New Mexico, April 24, 18(35.
General: I returned yesterday from the Bosque
Redondo. It will be impossible to organize into bands
and systematically direct the labors of thenine thou-
sand Indians we have at that point, unless the lands
are properly surveyed. I have written two letters to
tlio Secretary of the Interior on the subject.
There is my authority for referring to nine
thousand Indians as being there at the date of
this communication, which is April 24, 1865.
The military officer, General Carleton, com-
manding in that district, puts the number at
nine thousand.
It will be observed that the gentleman's esti-
mate of Sf,700,000 does not rest upon actual
figures. So far as transportation is concerned
it is merely a statement as to what they sup-
pose the transportation of subsistence would
cost, while the fact is, as I learned this morn-
ing at the subsistence department, that the
habit lias been to give them one pound of
wheat and one pound of beef or some kind of
carcass as their ration, and consequently a large
part of these supplies are obtained in the
vicinity and without transportation at all; for
one advantage of gathering these Indians at
Bosque Redondo reservation was to get them in
the vicinity of settlements where supplies could
be more cheaply obtained. Consequently the
large estimate as to the cost of transportation
falls to the ground as a mere conjecture of the
Indian Bureau, for the purpose of raising an
issue against the economy of the War De-
partment.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. KASSON. I will.
Mr. WINDOM. As the gentleman lias road
the statement of General Shiras, the commis-
sary general, giving the cost of suljsister.ee,
I desire (o ask if that includes transportation.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose every member
knows what subsistence means. The state-
ment I have read contains all I know except
what I have learned at the subsistence depart-
ment, as Ijhave just stated.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman answer
my quesiion or not?
Mr. KASSON. I have already stated that
I have no other information on the subject.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 understand the gentle-
man to say he does not know whether it in-
cludes transportation or not. Everybody else
knows that it does not.
Mr. KASSON. If there is no other point
upon which the gentleman desires information
I will yield to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. WINDOM. Not now. I have failed
to obtain much on that point from the gen-
tleman.
Mr. MAYNAKD. When this bill was up
yesterday I put an inquiry to the gentleman
from Iowa which he answered very fully and
satisfactorily. On further examination of the
bill I find it is composed of two parts: one
consists of appropriations to meet the demands
of existing treaties; but there is another, em-
bracing a very large portion of this bill, which
goes to general intercourse with the Indians,
making in the aggregate something more than
SI,000,000. Now, sir, by a very decided vote
of this House the other day it expressed the
opinion that the management of the Indians
should be transferred from the Interior Depart-
ment to the War Department. Should the
Senate concur in the action of the House that
change will be made, and the act will go into
effect at the commencement of the next fiscal
year. The existing appropriation for carrying
through the affairs of the Indian Bureau for
the present year are made. There is no neces-
sity for any further appropriation until the 1st
of July next. If in the mean time the law
should be changed and the Indian affairs should
be placed under the control of the War De-
partment, it would be better to have these
appropriations made upon the basis of esti-
mates furnished by the War Department rather
than estimates furnished by the Interior De-
partment. The next Congress assembles on
the 5th of March, proximo. It will have ample
time to pass an Indian appropriation bill before
the commencement of the next fiscal year;
and T submit to the gentleman and to the House
whether we had not better, as a matter of pru-
dence, suspend any action upon this bill during
the present session, and see whether that
change in the management of the bureau is
made. If the proposed change in the law is
made we may expect a radical improvement
in the management of the affairs, and the next
Congress will have full opportunity to provide
for the wants of the bureau; whereas if we go
on and make "the appropriations now under
present estimates and the law is changed, the
work will all have to be done over again.
Mr. KASSON. As I stated yesterday, this
bill is framed in the usual manner and for the
usual object of our annual Indian appropria-
tion. if the bill which has passed this House
transferring the jurisdiction of the Indian Bureau
shall pass the Senate prior to the passage of
this bill, then in the Senate its provisions can
bo modified to meet the cmcrgcncy if neces-
sary, and when it comes back to the House we
can concur in the amendments of the Senate.
If not, the only effect, as the matter now stands,
would be that the appropriations for compen-
sation of civil officers and employes would
lapse, and nothing woul<} be taken out of the
Treasury. If the bill which has passed the
House transferring the entire jurisdiction over
the Indians from the .Interior Department tp
the War Department should become a law, my
impression is that no part of this bill would
need to be changed. It would only lie a lapse
of all the appropriations not called for under
the new system.
I think it important that we should pass this
bill at this time according to custom in order
that there may be no failure. There is still
some doubt as to how long Congress will re-
main in session, and it is desirable to have the
business disposed of as usual.
1 will now pass to one other fact touching
the Navajocs at Bosque Redondo. I find from
a report made by the Commissary General of
Subsistence to the Secretary of War, that for
six months of the last calendar year, the
amount expended by the commissary depart-
ment, not alone for the subsistence of the
Indians on the Bosque Redondo reservation,
but for all the Indians at numerous posts and
places, was $487,914 49. This was the ex-
penditure, not for the Bosque Redondo reser-
vation alone, but for fifty-two posts and reser-
vations. I mention this as an important fact
in order that the House may not be misled by
any exaggerated reports from anybody in or
out of the Indian Bureau touching these
expenditures.
Now, there remains but a single point more
in regard to which I will detain the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me three minutes before ho goes on?
Mr. KASSON. I will now if you wish it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have made the effort
to recommit this bill, not from anyhostility to
its general purposes. I know very well that
this large appropriation must be made, useless
almost as it is and wasted as large portions of
it always arc. But there arc appropriations
under the head of "miscellaneous" which the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mavxaep]
says he thinks amount to a million.
Mr. KASSON. That is a mistake,.
Mr. SCOFIKfJ). A portion of Liiese-appro-
priations I think ought to be stv'f-keu out; and
I wish it to be recommended to the committee
for that purpose.
Let me call the gentleman's attention to one
or two items. Here is one:
For defrayins the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians m Oregon and Washington
Territory, (not parties_to any treaty,) and for pay of
necessary employes, $50,000.
There is no treaty in that case. We have
made no arrangement to remove these Indians
from their present location; there is no con-
tract, and the House is not advised that there"
is any necessity for it; and yet wo are asked to
appropriate no less than $50,000.
Hero is the next item:
Navajo Indians in New Mexico :
For subsistence for thoNavnjo Indians, and for the
purehaso of slioep, seeds, agricultural implements,
and other articles necessary for breaking the frround
on the reservation upon the Pecos river, 8100,000.
Now, of that $100,000 everybody wlm has
had anything to do with these Indian transac-
tions knows that $5,000 will never reach the
Indians. And of this million of dollars, if it
is a million in all, not five per cent, will ever
fall into the hands of the red-skins.
Now, I submit that the vote ordering the
main question to be now put should be recon-
sidered, and the House should have the oppor-
tunity of saying whether they will not send
this bill back to the" Committee on Appropria-
tions with instructions to strike out those
worthless and corrupting appropriations.
Mr. KASSON. I have already intimated to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Suo-
rielu,] who knows very well how heartily I
sympathize with him in the desire to avoid the
mismanagement of this fund, that it is impos-
sible for us to get along without appropriations
of this kind. We cannot refuse these appro-
priations without great danger to the interests
of the whites in those Territories, by permitting
and leaving the Indians to wander abroad and
commit outrages upon the whites from time to
time, as they always do under such circum-
stances. There are -always stray bands of
twenty or thirty or one hundred or more each,
floating and roaming around through the In-
dian Territory, committing ravages upon the
bordering white settlements. And out of this
fund the expenses of collecting these Indians
together, feeding them in part, providing them
with agricultural implements, &c., are paid,
in order to remove them from the vicinity of
the whites and locate them upon some reserva-
tion permanently or temporarily selected for
that purpose.
Now the difficulty is that if we refuse these
appropriations, anil do not allow this to bo
done, wo will soon find ourselves embarked in
a war created by the difficulties occurring
between the whites and Indians ; and then will
arise expenses to the extent of hundreds of
thousands and perhaps millions of dollars from
that war.
Now L should be as glad as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] himself
to strike out from this bill every such appro-
priation if I did not know from my acquaint-
ance with Indian affairs that it would expose
us to a war from the contact of the neglected
Indians with the whites. The gentleman on
my right from Oregon [Mr. Huxnciisox] no
doubt understands the condition of Indian
affairs in his State, and I presume he will con-
cur in the statement which I have made. ^ If I
am in error he will correct me, as he is famil-
iar with the condition of affairs in his own
State.
Mr. HENDERSON. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is perfectly correct in his
statement. The eastern portion of the State
of Oregon is entirely overrun by fractions of
tribes, who arc engaged in robbing, murdering,
and generally committing ravages upon the
white settlements. They are so small bands
! that no treaties ever have been or ever will be
i; made with them by the Government until
11 there is an expenditure of a eonsideianle sura
H of money to gather them together and locate
ii them. That is essentially necessary at the
