204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
The paymefit df bat $15,000,000 in the early
part of last month came near producing a
national panic and damaged the credit of
leading banks. This system gives the Secre-
tary-despotic control over the markets of the
country, and his favorites may have ascer-
tained practically, as did Yoltaire, who was
given to stock speculations, that J'it is a good
thing to have a mend at court" through whom
they may learn when it is well to sell, because
things have reached their highest price# as
Government is about doing that which should
establish Confidence, but which, owing to the
Secretary's efforts to insure steadiness to busi-
ness, wilt produce consternation if not panic
and a general decline in prices; and when it
is well to buy, because it suits the convenience
of the Government to make another large and
long loan to the banks. Such a power over
the business of the country should be vested
in no man; and I challenge the world to point
to any fact in the official career of the present
Finance Minister of the country which would
induce any judicious man to vest it in him.
There certainly is nothing in the suggestions
of the report which I am considering to indi-
cate that he is a safe depositary for so useless,
so wide-spread, and so dangerous a power.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am admonished tlftt I
should hasten to a conclusion. I must, however,
beg the committee to bear with me while I
examine briefly another of Mr. McCnlloch's
suggestions. It is offered as a specific remedy,~
because it is said it will diminish the rate of in-
terest on our loans and protect us against the
direful contingency of the bonds bought on
speculation at depreciated rates coming home
to exhaust our specie within a month of the
day on which we are, by the magical agencies
suggested by Mr. McCulloch, to resume specie
payments within two years. It is character-
ized by the candor and wisdom which pervade
his other suggestions. To a shrewd man of
mere practical business habits, one not skilled
in the mysteries of "Ingeany bankin'," it
might seem to be somewhat impracticable; and
the? country regards it with humiliation and
disgust. It is this: that after having carried
oil the war without an appeal to foreign na-
tions or capitalists and without their sympa-
thy ; after having by our patriotic sacrifices put
our credit so high that the people of Europe
have voluntarily come and carried away, with
great profit to themselves, $350,000,000 of
our bonds; that now, when peace is restored,
when we again possess the custom-houses,
post offices, forts, and arsenals of the country,
and when our taxes are not divided between
our Treasury and that of a hostile confederacy,
but all flow to our own, we shall issue " bonds
payable in not over twenty years and bearing
interest at the rate of not over five per cent.,
payable in England or Germany, to an amount
sufficient to absorb the six per cent, bonds now
held in Europe and to meet the demand there
for actual and permanent investment."
If this scheme were practicable, I for one
wouldspurn it. With their pirate ships on every
sea, their ship-yards and factories busy in fab-
ricating implementsof war for our enemies, and
in the face of their hatred, with self-reliance,
of which posterity will be proud, we marched
steadily on to conquest and final victory. And
now, in the hour of our triumph, or in the
calm season which should succeed so grand
and successful an exhibition of power, with a
continent beneath our feet abounding in raw
material for the profitable employment of
every art, trade, and mystery known to in-
genious man; with India decimated by fam-
ine, Europe disturbed by wars and rumors of
war, Ireland in incipient rebellion; and when
we offer to the people of Europe established
peace, political equality, public schools, a
free church, and briefer hours of labor with
better wages than those known to the arti-
sans of any other country, this suggestion
is as degrading as it is inopportune. Sir,
nothing but some such folly as this official
proclamation, as it would be regarded by the
people of Europe, that our struggle exhausted
us, and that with victory came premature de-
crepitude, can prevent us from compelling the
nations of the world, by the tide of skilled
workmen that will flow from their shores to
ours, to follow our example and give those
who produce their wealth culture, leisure, and
the consciousness of free manhood. In such
an hour and in view of such a prospect I am
sure that Congress will not degrade the coun-
try by asking the money-changers of Europe
to lighten its burdens or help us bear them.
But the scheme is hopelessly impracticable.
Mr. McCulloch may see advantages in it which
others fail to detect. It would serve, I doubt
not, by what he calls "the trifling commissions
to the agents through whom the exchanges
might be made," to found a great American
banking-house in London with continental
branches, and might bless the country with
the hope of large gratuities from some future
George Peabody whom the Secretary would
designate as the agent for making transfers
and paying interest; but it would not accom-
plish the purpose its author suggests. With
such knowledge of human nature as we possess
let us consider the proposition. Those who
hold our bonds bought them either as an
investment or on speculation, and the inter-
est upon them ranges from six to seven and
three tenths per cent. Is it probable that
those who bought them as an investment will
change them before maturity for bonds bearing
but five or four and a half per cent. ? Or will
those who bought them as matter of specula-
tion, in view of the Secretary's assurance that
in less than two years we will resume specie
payments and enable them to convert them
into gold at par, hasten to make such a con-
version? When the leopard shall change his
spots, the vulture protect the dove, and hungry
mice abstain from eating unguarded crackers
and cheese, I will be prepared to regard the
Secretary's proposition as practicable.
Nor need we grieve that it is not practicable.
Our destiny is written. Unwise legislation
or such reckless maladministration as now
prevails may retard it, but it will be achieved.
It is written in the sublime doctrine of human
equality, which gives vitality and stability to
our institutions, aud more perceptibly though
not more enduringly in the geographical posi-
tion, the continental proportions, and the un-
equaled resources of our country. Bounded
by both oceans, with a larger area than all the
nations of Europe, including Great Britain,
which"lie between the same distant parallels of
latitude that mark our limits, and embracing
mineral, agricultural, manufacturing, and com-
mercial resources greater than they combined
possess, the United States must be the fore-
most, richest, and most powerful nation of the
world. However blind our Finance Minister
may be to this fact, others perceive it, and our
affairs will yet be administered in accordance
with the sublime assertion of Gortsehakoff,
who, in an utterance to which I have already
referred, when speaking of Russia and our
country, said: '' God has given to the two coun-
tries such conditions of existence that their
grand internal life is enough for them."
Yes, the capitalist of Europe will yet be eager
to lend us money as cheaply as they now loan
it to England; but it will be when, by the con-
version of our now profitless raw material into
fabrics, by the skill and industry of our now
unemployed citizens and the millions of indus-
trious people whoare comingto us from abroad,
we manufacture more than we consume, and
by rivaling England, Prance, and other con-
tinental nations in tropical markets, and those
of other non-manufacturing regions?, shall have
turned the balance of trade in our favor. Then
Americans will be able to compete with foreign-
ers in bidding for our loans; and in exchange for
cotton, tobacco, and other staples, our bonds
will be returned to us instead of woolen goods
and various other textile and metallic fabrics,
which we now receive but ought to manufac-
ture for ourselves. But foreign capitalists will
not take bonds from us at four and a half orfive
per cent, in exchange for those which pay six
per cent., while the balance of trade is against
us to the amount of $100,000,000 per annum,
and with compound-interest and seven-thirty
notes afloat to the amount of nearly $1,000,-
000,000, with more than Gascon vanity we
promise the almost immediate return to specie
payments.
Luring the above speeeh, Mr. Kelley's hour
having expired, on motion of Mr. Asmjsr, of
Ohio, by unanimous consent, his time was
extended till he had concluded.
Mr. HOLMES. Mr. Chairman, in "swing-
ing around the circle" the President is again
brought face to face with the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. Professing similar views upon the
grave questions growing out of the war, owing
lican or Union members of this Congress, when
called upon to act officially, would be found
acting in concert and harmony.
Prior to the presidential election of 1864, the
President had won the confidence of the Union
party by the most lavish professions of loyalty
and the most pointed denunciations of treason.
With him no language was too strong to ex-
press his sentiments upon these subjects, and
upon the question of reconstruction his creed
was of the most radical stamp. Treason was
to be made odious, traitors punished, impov-
erished, and banished from the ballot-box and
legislative council, while loyalty was to have
exclusive control of the work of reorganizing
the governments of the States in rebellion, and
was to be reimbursed for all losses during the
war from the confiscated property of wealthy
traitors. Prom uncomfortable back seats the
disloyal were to look on without interfering
with the process of reconstruction. No wonder
that, with such professions upon his lips, the
people were slow to believe that it was possi-
ble for their author to forget or repudiate them.
The first session of this Congress had hardly
commenced before it became apparent to a
majority of the Union members of this body
that there could be no harmonious action
between them and the President unless they
proved recreant to their principles; and the
close of the session found them not only in
conflict with him upon every important measure
of legislation relating to the States lately in
rebellion, but the power and patronage of the
General Government were being wielded with
all the energy that disappointed and enraged
ambition could stimulate to weaken or destroy
the confidence of the people in their Repre-
sentatives, upon the avowed and shameless
principle that the public offices were "the
bread aqd butter of the President," to be eaten
only by those who would blindly follow him in
his erratic course.
The ''congressionalplan of reconstruction"
and "the President's policy" were diametri-
cally opposed to each other, and were submit-
ted to the people at the recent election for
their approval or condemnation. Each had
its advocates; each was fully eanvassed before
the people. The President in person discussed,
explained, and illustrated, as few but him could
illustrate, the internal and external workings
of his "policy;" and after a patient hearing
the verdict of the people has been pronounced.
Everywhere has loyalty decided in favor of the
"congressional plan," and against the " Presi-
dent's polieyin favor of the power of Con-
gress and against the power of the President
to control or prescribe the terms of reconstruc-
tion. Emphatic and overwhelming has been
the verdict. The people have answered the
question so arrogantly propounded to them,
"Will you have Andrew Johnson for President
or King?" and-the waning seer of the Admin-
istration can read and profit by the rssponse.
In but three of the States that did not enact
the rvle of secession can any claim be made
that the "President's policy" has been sus-
tained. Kentucky, that did not go through the
form of secession, because she could better pro-
tect slavery in than out of the Union, and, fail-
ing in that, would be in a better condition to
claim payment for her emancipated slaves;
