1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
service charges the responsibility on the other.
I understand that the instance in reference
to which we hear so much and touching the
origin of which the dispute has never been
settled, the killing of the Cheyennes was by
volunteer soldiers with volunteer officers, and
not an officer or soldier of the regular Army
among them. I ask for the question.
Mr. THAYER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
45, noes 42; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Kasson and Mr. Thayer.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
So the vote ordering the pending question
was reconsidered.
The question recurred, Shall the main ques-
tion be now put? and being put it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr, SCOFIELD. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Appropriations,
with instructions to strike out all appropria-
tions not required by treaty stipulations, oi;
not necessary to pay Indian agents, <fcc., under
the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will modify his motion so that the bill shall be
recommitted with instructions to report bacfk
the bill with sums necessary to carry on exist-
ing treaty stipulations, until it is decided
whether the bill passed the other day shall
become a law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I agree to that.
Mr. KASSON. There must be some ap-
propriations for Indians on reservations like
those at Bosque Redondo, which cannot sus-
tain themselves and must bo saved from star-
vation by rations doled out to them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not well see how I
can so frame it as to include what the gentle-
man suggests.
Mr. KASSON. If thegentlemau will make
his motion with instructions to report a bill
excluding all indefinite appropriations not ne-
cessary to carry out treaty stipulations or to
maintain Indians now in the custody of the
United States it will come, perhaps, as near to
what he desires as is practicable.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 am disposed to accept
that modification. Bat I do not know that il
will cover all these appropriations to which I
object.
Mr. KASSON. The objection made by the
gentleman shows that any modification will fail
of accomplishing entirely his purpose. This
will cover much more than it is safe to strike
out. It will strike out a portion of the expenses
under the head of general incidental expenses,
but it will enable us to take care of those In-
dians over whom we have control, those just
gathered on the reservations.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will accept the modifi-
cation omitting the word ''indefinite."
Mr. KASSON. I will leave the gentleman
to fix it,for himself; but I confess that 1 duubt
whether he can fix it in a practicable way.
The motion of Mr. Scofield, as modified,
was agreed to ; and the bill was accordingly
recommitted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved lo lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The 1 itter motion was agreed to.
congressional globe.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution
for reference to the Committee on Piinting:
by the Senate and House of lieprefttntativce
of the United States of A/nericci hi Congress asiPinhJed,
That the publishers of the Congressional G-lobe shall
bt\ and aie, directed and required to so arrange the
Index to the volume of tho Congressional Globe here-
after to be published that it shall give the number
and title of every bill and resolution introduced into
Congress, with a reference to the p.iges showing the
proceedings thereon. Also, that said publishers be,
and arc, directed to insert in one of the volumes of
the Globe for each session a plan of tne Senate and
House of Representatives, showing the soats occupied
by the members respectively, and a list of the mem-
bers and officers of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, with the post office address and occupa-
tion of such of them as may furnish tho same to said
publishers.
Mr. SPALDING- objected.
constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House, of Jlepresentaiives:
I transmit a report from the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of yesterday, making inquiry
as to the States which have ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington7, February 5, 1866.
Department of State,
Wasiiixstox, February 5,1867.
Tho Secretary of Statehavingrcceired aresolution
of the House of Representatives ot the 4th of Fob-
ritary, 1867, directing In in to report to that IIouso
what States now represented in Consress have rat-
ified tho amendment to the Constitution proposed
by tile Thii ty-Ninth Confess, has the honor to re-
port to the Presidentthataiuhentioevidenco of such
ratiticationhasbcen leeeived at this Department from
tlio foil owing-namedStates: Connecticut,Tennessee,
New Jersey, Oicgo r., Vermont, West Virginia, Kan-
sas. and Missouri.
A printed copy of a joint resolution ratifying the
said amendment, bearing the printed names of tho
.Speaker of the House of RepresentativesImd Pres-
ident of the Senate of the State of New Hampshire,
followed by the words " approved July 7, 1806," tho
printed name of the Civernor of said State, and " a
true copy, attest Walter Harriman. Secretary of
State," has also been received at this Department.
Respectfully submitted.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
To the President.
On motion of MY. BINGHAM, tho commu-
nication was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
pbmwato and peri3 marquette harbors.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Feb-
ruary 1, 1S67, transmitting maps of the har-
bors of Penhvater and Pore Marquette1; sup-
plemental to his report of tho 2d instant; which
was ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
improvement of the mississippi.
The SPEAK Eft, also Jaid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in answer to resolution of the
House of January 25, 1807, the report of the
chief engineer, accompanying General Wil-
son's report, on the survey and improvement
of the Mississippi river : which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
southern hupellin tendency.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating the accounts of the super-
intendent and agents of the southern superin-
tendence", in compliance with the act of March
5, 1865; which was referred lo the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the reg-
ular order of business, to call the committees
for reports, resuming the call where it wast
last suspended with the Committee on Military
Affairs.
claims for horses
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, tho Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the letter from the
Secretary of War in relation to claims for
horses, including the letter from the acting
quartermaster general on the same subject,
no further legislation being needed on the sub-
ject j and the same was laid on tho table.
army supplies.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of a communication from
the quartermaster general in relation to a plan
for settling the claims against the Government
for supplies taken by the Army; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
the late war.
Mr. SCHENCK. . I am instructed by the
committee to report back a resolution provid-
ing for the publication of a work illustrative
of the late war, together with the correspond-
ence of the War Department in relation to the
same; and I am instructed by the committee
to say that they find such a work would be at-
tended with enormous expense. I move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution, and that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
military peace establish3iun"t.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do not pass, bill of the
IIouso No. 895, to amend an act entitled ''An
act t6 increase and fix the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States," approved July
28, I860; and the same was laid on the table.
army rations.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, bill of the House No.
8'J8, to place all officers of the Army on the
same footing therein as to the. allowance of
extra rations as officers of the volunteer ser-
vice ; which was laid on the table.
volunteer service.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill declaring and fixing the
rights of volunteers as a part of the Army;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that in computing the length
of service of an}' officer of the Army, in order
to determine what allowance and payment of
additional and longevity rations he is entitled
'to, and also in fixing the relative rank to be
given to an officer, there shall be taken into the
account and credited to such officer whatever
time he may have actually served, whether
continuously or at different times, as a com-
missioned officer of tho United States, either
in the regular Army or since 19th April, 1861,
in the volunteer service.
The bill further provides that in all matters
relating to pay, allowances, rank,.duties, privi-
leges, and rights of officers and soidiers of the
Army of the United States, the same rules and
regulations shall apply, without distinction, for
such time as they may be or have been in the
service, alike to those who belong permanently
to that service and to those who as volunteers
have been in the service.
The bill also provides that nothing therein
contained shall be construed as affecting or in
any way relating to the militia of the several
States when called into the service of the
United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose in a very few
words to explain to the House the object of
this bill: and then, unless there are members
who desire to make inquiries of me, I will call
the previous question.
There prevails in what is called the regular
Army an idea that volunteers arc not a part of
the Army of the United States; the main ob-
ject of this bill is to correct that idea. In all
respects volunteers have been called through-
out the late war by those who represented the
regular Army the "militia." Now volunteers
are not militia; tho militia are State organiza-
tions ; and when they are called into the ser-
vice of the United States they go bodily into
that service with all their State organizations
complete. The State militia, by regiments, by
brigades, and by divisions, are simply callea
into tho service of the United States, and they
cooperate with the Army of the United States.
Volunteer soldiers, however, although obtained
for limited periods of time, are yet obtained
under l he laws of the United States. All drafts,
all enlistments, all that relates to volunteers,
all that is done with them when they are once
raised and are constituted a part of the mili-
tary forces of the Government, is in relation
to them as soldiers of the United States.
There is but one exception, indaed, from
