1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
Globe to insert in their report the two sections
I asked to have read.
[The two sections are as follows:
An act making further provisions for the establish-
. ment of an armory and arsenal of construction,
deposit, and repair on Rock Island, in the State of
Illinois,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howie of\ Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to change, fix, and
establish the position of the railroad across Rock
Island and tho bridge across the Mississippi river,
at and on the island of Hock Island, so as best to
accord with the purposes of tho Government in its
occnpaney of said island for military purposes; and,
in order to effect this, hois authorized to grant to tho
railroad company a permanent location and right of
way on and across Uock Island, to be fixed and
designated by him, with such quantity of land, to bo
occupied and held by the company for railroad pur-
posos, as maybe necessary therefor; and that tho
said grant and change bo made on such terms and
conditions, previously arranged between tho Secre-
tary of \Var and the companies and parties in interest,
as will best effect and secure the purposes of the Gov-
ernment in occupying the island.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and is hereby, authorized to grant
to the companies and parties in interest such other
aid, pecuniary or otherwise, toward effecting tho
change in the present location of their road and
bridge, and establishing thereon a wagon-road for
the use of the Government of the United States to
eonnect said island with the cities of Davenport and
Rock Island, to be so constructed as not materially
to interfere with, obstruct, or impair the navigation
of the Mississippi river, as may be adjudged to bo
fair and equitable by the board of commissioners
authorized under the act of April 19,1864. entitled
"As net in addition to an act for the establishment
of certain arsenals," and may be approved by him.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate appropriating $260,000
for the purpose of building a bridge at Bock
Island.
Mr. SCOFIELD. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 108, not voting
42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Baker. Barker, Bidwell, Bingham, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Dodge, Dumont, Grin-
nell, Abner C. Hardin?, Hill, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Kuykendall, Lynch, Mclndoe, Moorhead. Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Urth, Perham, Piko, Price,
John H. Rice, Ross,Sawyer, Schenck, Sloan, Stevens,
Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and Win-
dom---40.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arnoll, Bald-
win, Banks, Baxter, BcamAn, Benjamin, Bergen,
Blow, Boutwcll, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buckland, Campbell, Chanler, Reader W. Clarko,
Cooper, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Hise, Hogan, Holmes, llotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin
N.Hubbell, James R. Ilubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Hunter, Jcnckes, Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr,
Kctcham, Koontz, Laflin, Latham, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McKce, Mcrcur, Miller, Morrill, Niblack,
Nicholson, Paine, Patterson, Radford, William H.
Randall, Ritter, Rollins, Scoficld, Shanklin, Shella-
barger. Stokes, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Winfield, and Wright—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Dolos It. Ashley,
Blaine, Bundy, Conkling, Culver, Defrees, Driggs,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hen-
derson, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kasson, Kelso,
Lel'twich, McCullough, McRuer, Morris, Noell,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Ronssean, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Starr. Stilwell, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, \ an Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B.
Washburn o, Williams, Stophen F. Wilson. and Wood-
bridgo—42.
So the amendment was non-concurred in. .
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vole just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and fix-
ing the rights of volunteers as & part of the
Army; and
An act (H. R. No. No. 1154) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and
for other purposes.
army appropriation bill again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Army appro-
priation bill.
Second amendment:
On page 3, line twenty-one, after "dollars" insert
"or so much thereof as may bo necessary."-
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 3, after line twenty-five insert:
To enable the Secretary of War to paythe expenses
of making and completing the survey of a national
park in Washington, in compliance with a resolution
of tho Senate passed on the 18th of July 1866, !t>2,500.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. I move that this
amendment of the Senate be non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The question will be upon
concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call the previous
question on that.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
On page 5, line five, strike out "by" and insert
" through."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What difference
will that make ?
The SPEAKER, The Clerk will read the
clause as amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
His inability through tho next in rank, <fcc.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On page 5, after "headquarters" in line seven
insert " except at his own request."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the operation
of section three of the joint resolution relative to
appointments to the Military Academy, approved
June 16,1866, bo, and the 6amo is hereby, suspended
for one year.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know the
provisions of the section which this amend-
ment proposes to suspend.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the section has
reference to the appointment of cadets from
the southern States. I am not quite sure. If
the section is at hand, I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 3. And be it further resolved. That in all ap-
pointments of cadets to the Military Academy after
those who'enter the present year, the person author-
ized to nominate shall nominate not less than five
candidates for each vacancy, all of whom shall be
actual residents of the congressional district. Terri-
tory, orDistrictof Columbia, entitled to the appoint-
ment: and the selection of one shall be made from
the candidates according to their respective merits
and qualifications, under such rnles and regulations
as the Secretary of War shall from time to time pre-
scribe. And in like manner tho President of the
United States shall bo authorixed hereafter to nomi-
nate fifty at large each year, instead of ten as now
provided by law, who shall be examined under like
regulations, and of whom the ten who may be re-
gorted aa most meritorious and best qualified shall
e appointed: Provided, however. That not more than
two of these shall be appointed in any year from one
State."
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the words
" for one year," so as to suspend the section
indefinitely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to the gentle-
roan to modify his amendment so as to strike
out the words " suspended for one year" and
insert "repealed." The section proposes a
rather cumbrous system. It was agreed upon
as a compromise in committee of conference.
It has never gone into operation, and I think
it never can.
Mr. ROSS. I accept the gentleman's sug-
gestion and modify my amendment accord-
ingly.
The amendment to the amendment of the
Senate was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Seventh amendment:
Add the following as a'new section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$150,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be.disbursed by the Secretary of War in
the erection of fire-proof buildings at or near tho
city of Jcffersonville, in the State of Indiana, to be
used as store-houses for Government property.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the officers of the Army and Navy, and
of the Freedmen's Bureau, to prohibit and prevent
whipping or maiming of the person as a punishment
of any crime, misdemeanor, or offense by any pre-
tended civil authority in any State lately in rebel-
lion until tho civil government of such State shall
have been restored and shall have been recognized
by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. FINCK. I raise a point of order on
that amendment. It is not germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a point of order upon an amendment
which has been adopted by the Senate and is
sent to this House for concurrence. No such
thing is recognized in the whole history of the
Government. The Senate has the right to
adopt such amendments as it may deem proper;
and the House may concur or non-concur with
amendments, as it chooses. A point of order
cannot be made in this House upon a Senate
amendment coming before this House for con-
currence or non-concurrence.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by inserting after the word
'' civil'' the words 1' or militaryso as to read
" civil or military authority."
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "rebel,"
so that it will apply to all the States alike.
The SPEAKER. There is now an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.
The question recurred on Mr. Wright's
amendment to the amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 36.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Wright were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "any
State in rebellion" and insert "any State or
Territory or the District of Columbia."
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to add " or any
county."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Ross's amendment was also rejected.
The question then recurred on the Senate
amendment.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is it open to debate?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I disap-
prove of this system of legislation. The Sen-
ate amendment is not germane to the bill, and
ought not to have been put in it; but the prac-
tice has attained here of incorporating all man-
ner of vicious and unconstitutional legislation
in our appropriation bills. In this manner it
is smuggled through, for die reason no one is
