1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
■which any one might infer anything else. Dur-
ing the recent war the commissions of all regi-
mental and company officers of volunteers were
granted by the Governors of the several States
from which they came; yet those Governors of
States in doing this only acted as the agents
of the Government of the United States.
The second section of this bill provides that
in all things relating to their privileges, rights,
&c., the rules and regulations of the service
shall apply without distinction for such time as
they may be or have been in the service, alike
to those who belong permanently to that ser-
vice and to those who, as volunteers, may be
or have been mustered into the military service
under the laws of the United States for a lim-
ited period. But nothing in this act is to be
construed as relating in any manner to the
militia of the several States when called into
the service of the United States. Then th,ere
is a specific provision contained in the other
section of the bill: that for the purpose of com-
puting the time for which is allowed the lon-
gevity ration, or the additional ration for every
five years of service, when officers are appointed
in what is called the regular Army, the perma-
nent Army of the country, there shall be com-
puted whatever time they may have served
under a volunteer commission. That is, when
the longevity ration is granted to an officer now
in the Army of the United States, his length
of service in the Army shall not be computed
simply from the time he was appointed in the
regular Army, but he shall have allowances
made to him also for that period of time which
ho passed in the volunteer service.
Again, it is provided that in fixing the rela-
tive rank of officers of the same grade and of
the same date of appointment or commission
there shall be taken into account the time they
served in the volunteer service. This provis-
ion is made necessary from this fact: that in
reorganizing the Army and in extending it a
great number of original vacancies have been
filled. In filling those vacancies it has been
provided that a certain proportion of the ap-
pointments shall be taken from those who have
served in the volunteers and a certain other
proportion taken from the regular Army. Now
it turns out in practice that this course is pur-
sued ; a ninjTber of officers are appointed or
commissioned as of the same date, and it be-
comes necessary to determine which of them
shall have relative rank above the other. The
present regulation requires that in order to lix
their relative rank an account shall be taken
of any previous service in the Army before they
were thus appointed. If a man has been in
the regular Army for ayear, or for six months,
or for three months, or for even one month,
he is credited with that year or six months or
throe months or one month of service, because
they say ho has been for that time in the Army
and must be put in relative rank above others
of the same grade who have not served so long
in the regular Army.
Mr. SPA LDING. Will the gentleman yield
to mo for a moment?
Mr. SCIIENCK. I will yield for a question.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to make but a
single remark. I have in my mind the case
of a you-ng man who served four years in the
volunteers, and afterward served a year in the
regular Army. He was an orderly sergeant,
and his officers recommended him for a com-
mission, but he could not obtain it because he
had not served two years in the regular Army.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I was just going to state
such a case by way of illustration. Under the
present system a man may have been in the
volunteer service and may have fought through
the whole war against the rebels, yet in the
regular Army he is put below a captain who
has held the position for only a month, upon
the ground that ho has never been in the Army
at all. By this bill wo propose that time spent
in the volunteer service shall be counted as
time served in the Army. This is the whole
of the bill. With this explanation, unless
some gentleman desires further information,
I will call the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
LONGEVITY RATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred a petition
of certain officers of the United States Army
praying that officers on the retired list may be
allowed longevity rations, and a petition of
Brevet Major General L. Thomas, on the same
subject, have directed me to report them back,
accompanied by a bill, of which we recommend
the passage, entitled "An act to extend to
general officers and officers on the retired list
the benefit of the additional ration for every
five years' service.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides that section fifteen of the act to
increase the present military establishment of
tho United States, and for other purposes,
approved July 5, 1838, be amended so that
general officers shall not hereafter be excluded
from receiving the additional ration for every
five years' service. It is further provided that
officers on the retired list of the Army shall
have the same allowance of additional rations
for every five years' service as officers in active
service.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was socondedand tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the bill was passed; and also
moved' that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASYLUM FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCIIENCK also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to amend
the act establishing the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that, the act named in the
title be amended so that in case any manager
selected by tho Senate and House of Jttepre-
sentatives who may have been or may be
afterward, and during his term of service as
manager, elected a member of Congress, he
shall not for that reason be ineligible to hold
the place of a member of the board of man-
agers, but may continue to serve on the board
to the end of his term the same as if he were
not a member of Congress.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid On
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT Of PROPERTY TO OHIO.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
granting certain public property to the State
of Ohio; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
building, sheds, furniture, lumber, and other
property now at Camp Chase, near Columbus,
Ohio, shall be donated to that State, to be
used in the erection of the State Asylum for
the Idiotic.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OP LAND FOR BRIDGE PURPOSES.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
also reported a joint resolution for the reduc-
tion of the military reservation of Fort Riley,
and granting land for bridge purposes to the
State of Kansas; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, declares the south-
western boundary of the military reservation of
Port Riley, in the State of Kansas,.to be here-
after the channel of the Republican river from ■
its mouth to where said river intersects the
present western line of said reservation ; and
grants the land released from said reservation,
lying between Smoky Hill and the Republican
river, to the State of Kansas, to aid in the
construction of a bridge across the Repub-
lican river on tho public highway leading from,
the present reservation, and on the express
condition this grant shall be accepted by the
State with the guarantee, by act of the Legis-
lature, that said bridge shall be kept up and
in good condition, and be free to the United
States for all transit purposes without toll.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred petitions
of soldiers, &c., asking for additional bounty,'
have directed me to report it back, and move
that the'eommittee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be laid on
the table, as the matter is already provided for
in the general bill reported by the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
J. II. HAMLIN.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to pay Lieutenant
John H. Hamlin for military services; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution dirccts the payment to
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin, of Michigan, late
first lieutenant of the Michigan cavalry, full
pay and allowances of second lieutenant of
cavalry from 8th of January, 1863, to 28th of
March, 1864, when he was mustered in as first
lieutenant.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Moore,
one of his Secretaries.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
also reported back House joint resolution No.
226, extending the provisions of section two
■ of an act entited " An act to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and to provide
for the payment of certain demands for quar-
termasters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States,''
approved July 4, 1864, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
provisions of section two of the above-entitled
act be, and they are hereby, extended to cover
all cases of property of any kind taken by
order of Major General Lewis Wallace, for the
use of forces under his command during^ the
Morgan raid through the States of Indiana
and Ohio, in July, 1863, whether such prop-
