1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26?
By Ml*. SCOFIELB: A petition from the citizens
of-McLane, Eric county,, Pennsylvania, asking the
impeachment of the President.
Also, from eitizens of Brookville, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against a reduction of thecurrency and
against compelling the banks to redeem their notes
in New York.
By Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yorlc: The petition of
William Feyh, WiIliam£tengel,P.Guth,and others,
praying for the amendment of section fifty-eight of
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxation
and to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,'
approved June 13,1S64, and acts amendatory thereof
approved July 13,1866."
&y Mr.UPSON : The petition of J.I>. Zimmerman,
S. M. Youngs. William A. Mosely, and 136 others, cit-
izens of Branch county, Michigan, praying for the
impeachment of the acting President of the United
States for high-crimes and misdemeanors.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of sundry citizens of Illinois, asking Congress to pro-
pose an amendment to the Constitution of theUnited
States providing against any. inequality on account
of birth, race, color, previous inequality, or previous
non-residence beyond the preceding year in £ny
portion of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 4,1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Montana, in favor of an appro-
priation for "the purpose of executing the public
surveys, and the establishment of a surveyor
general's office and a land office in that Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented a resolution of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Montana, in favor of an
amendment to the organic act of the Territory,
so as to increase the pay of the Federal offi-
cers, and also the per diem of the members of
the Legislative Assembly in that Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has also received a memorial from Cyrus Mem-
merlyn, a freedman resident in Cheraw, in the
State of South Carolina, showing that soon
after the town of Cheraw was garrisoned by
United States troops, in July, 1865, he was
employed by Lieutenant" Lloyd, acting quar-
termaster of the fifteenth Maine volunteers, as
teamster in that regiment, and promised the
same compensation that other teamsters should
receive ; that he served for eight months; that
the compensation received by the other team-
sters was twenty dollars a month, but he has
been unable to get his pay; and he asks Con-
gress to interfere and procure the pay for him.
This memorial will be received and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General United States Army, praying that
he may be allowed the double rations provided
by the act approved March 7, 1847 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of officers in
the United States Army, praying that when
such officers are withdrawn from active service
and placed on the retired list under existing
laws they may be allowed to retain their service
or longevity rations; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of officers in
theUnited States Army, praying for an increase
of pay; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
the Vermont State Agricultural Society and
Wool-Growers' Association, praying for an in-
crease of the duty on all importations of for-
eign wool; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
David Macy, president of the Indianapolis,
Peru, and Chicago Railroad Company, praying
for a reduction of the duty on iron and steel
used for railroad purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on Finanee.
Mr. MORGAN presented five memorials of
railroad companies in the United States, pray-
ing for a reduction of the duty on iron and steel
intended for railroad purposes; which were
referred to the Committee on Finanee.
_ He also presented the memorial of the Na-
tional Academy of Design and of seventy-three
artists, in favor of a- specific duty of $100 on
imported oil paintings, with an addition of ten
per cent, on the excess of value above §1,000
each; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of C. L.
Goddard, of New York city, remonstrating
against the extension of the letters-patent of
Stephen ,R. Parkhurst, dated May 1,1845, and
now expired; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of Sweet,
Barnes & Co., manufacturers of steel, praying
for the passage of the House tariff bill or some
equally protective measure; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented eight memorials of file
manufacturers, remonstrating against the in-
crease of the duty on steel, as proposed by the
House tariff bill; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CATTELL presented the memorial of
the Artists' Fund Society and artists of Phila-
delphia, praying for a specific duty of $100 on
imported oil paintings, with an addition of ten
per cent, on the excess of value above $1,000
each; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Erie county, Ohio, praying for the
imposition of a specific duty on imported
wine; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
bills introduced.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 487)
donating aportion of the Fort Leavenworth mil-
itary reservation for the exclusive use of a pub-
lic road; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 488)
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river at Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 489)
to provide for giving the right of preemption
to settlers in the Cherokee neutral lands in
Kansas, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to beprinted.
FRENCH INTERVENTION IN MEXICO.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to present the fol-
lowing resolution, and I ask the consent of the
Senate to consider it at the present time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire and report to tho Sen-
ate the present relations between France and the
republic of Mexico; the extent, both with respect
to population and territory, of the successes of Max-
imilian in his endeavors to overthrow that repub-
lic; the amount and character of his military force,
including his French auxiliaries; the action of the
executive branch of the Government of theUnited
States in reference to the intervention of France in
the affairs of Mexico, including any treaty or project
of treaty proposed, assented to, or recommended by
our minister to France, with a view to a settlement
of the difficulties between France and Mexico; the
present prospect of the withdrawal of the French
troops from Mexican soil, and the probability in the
case of such withdrawal of Maximilian being able to
maintain his standing there; and that for the pur-
pose of such inquiries said committee be authorized
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that resolution had
better lie over to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule, objection being made.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 227) authorizing the Secretary of
War to transfer certain property to the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteers, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bill signed. ,
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 123) in relation to
the settlement of the accounts of William P.
Wingate, collector of the port of Bangor,
Maine; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
power of amnesty and pakpon. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
453, to regulate the tenure of offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire the bill which
the Senator from Vermont has in charge to
come up, but I do not suppose he expects to
get through, with it before the hour of one
o'clock, and I am anxious to dispose of the bill
which I called up yesterday and upon which
the Senatorfrom Maryland [Mr. Johnson] had
the floor. He was unwilling to go on yester-
day and asked to have it go over. Perhaps
we can dispose of that to-day. As this bill of
the Senatorfrom Vermont will take sometime,
and the other bill has been up several times,
and the Senator from Maryland is now in his
seat, if the Senator from Vermont has no ob-
jection I should like to call up that bill to
repeal section thirteen of the confiscation act
and dispose of it. We have had it up several
times, and it has been put off to accommodate
different parties. It was put off yesterday at
the instance of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am quite willing to as-
sent to that, for I am in favor of the measure
my friend from Illinois has in charge; but the
bill which I have moved to proceed to the
consideration of has been reported for a con-,
siderable length of time, and is of very con-
siderable importance, and I should dislike to
have it go over unless with the understanding
that when^this measure is disposed of it may
then be proceeded with. With that under-
standing I shall have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly I am as much
for the bill the Senator has in charge as the
others; but as we have progressed with. the
other I thought we had better finish it to-day
if we could.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will waive my motion,
then, for the time being.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Vermont is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will then move that
we now proceed to the consideration of the bill
which I have indicated, to repeal section thir-
teen of the confiscation act, upon which the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] has
the floor.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 828) to
repeal section thirteen of "An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion,
to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
and.for other purposes," approved July 17,
1862; the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Saulsbuky, to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the act entitled "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17,1862, > e, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the
measure upon your table, which proposes to
repeal the thirteenth section of the law to
which it refers, was supported by its friends
upon the ground that that section gives no
additional power to the President and is con-
sequently simply void, I should not trouble the
Senate with the remarks I am about to submit;
