1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. As it is evident the leaders of the House
are filibustering to defeat the bankrupt bill, I
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any public
business remaining to be disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The tax bill is to come
back from the Senate. If it is not acted upon
to-night the Chair is of opinion the bill will be
lost.
Mr. HALE. At the request of my friend
from Rhode Island I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the House adjourn; and on that motion demand
the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
The-House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on ordering
the main question; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 86, nays 56, not voting 48;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blow,
Boyer. Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Sid-
ney Clarke, Conkling, Darling, Davis, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot, FiuTisworth, Ferry, Good-
year, Griswold, Hale. Hart, iligby, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotclikiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. HubbclL James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Jcnekcs, Jones, Kelley, Ket-
cham, Kuykendall, Laflin. Longyear, Marshall, Mar-
vin, MeRuer, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell,
Nicholson, Paine, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice. Rogers. Ross,
tt ■. v, ', ... 1 ' v ' 1'^ini. van Aernam,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, Stephen
i. Wilson, v\ oodbridge, and Wright—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona. Arncll, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Barker, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Campbell, Cobb, Cooper, Cullom,
Dawson, Defrees, Dumont, Eckley, Eldridge, Far-
quhar, Finck, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hill, Hise, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingcrsoll,
Julian, Kerr, Koontz, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Lonn, Maynard, Mc-
Cmrg, Mereur, Miller, Morrill, O'Neill, Orth, Price,
William H. Randall, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanklin, Stevens, Stokes. Andrew It. Ward, Wel-
ker, Whaley, and James F. Wilson—56.
• OTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Bald-
win, Benjamin, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Dawes, Delano, Denison, Driggs, Egglcston, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hender-
son, Asahcl W. Hubbard. Kasson, Kelso, Leftwich,
Lynch, Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee,
Moulton, N iblack, Noel 1, Patterson. Perham, Phelps,
Pike, 1 lants, feamuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rousseau,
behenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stilwell,
Nathaniel tr. Taylor. Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Windom, and Win-
11 oki—18.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE stated that Mr. Blaine,
who was in favor of the bill, had paired off with
Mr. Patterson, who was against it.
Mr. COOK stated he was paired with Mr.
Kasson, who was in favor of the bill, while he
was against it.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 71, not voting
46 ; as follows:
nXf^S^Mes,rs-^me*' M- Ashley, Banks,
Baxter, Bearaan, Bergen, Bidwell, Blow, Brandegee,
Buckland, Bundy, Chanler. Sidney Clarke, Conk-
Donnelly, Eliot. Farns-
w« iH' k£?dy??r' GnsT7«,lrt. Hale, Hart, Hogan,
Holmra, Hot^kip.Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard. Edwin N. Hubbell Hulburd, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Jenckes, Jones Kelley, Ketcham, Laflin, Long-
year, Marvin, MeRuer, Moorhead, Morris, Newell
It;™' tSTb* Raymond, Alexander H.'
Rice, John H. Rice Rogers, Ross, Spaldinsr fcturr
Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas. John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ham-
ilton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Went-
worth. Woodbridge, and Wright—73.
NAUS—Messrs. Ancona, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley
Baker, Barker, Bingham, Blaine. Boutwell, Boyer'
Bropwell, Broomall, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
M>bb, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Delano
Deming. Dodge. Dumont, Eckley. Eldridge. Farqu-
har, Ftnck, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Hill, Iliso, Chester D. Hubbard,
J^amcs R. Hubbell, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kerr, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Lnthnm, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lc Blond, Loan. Marshall, Marston,
Maynard, McClurg. Mereur, Miller, Morrill, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Price, William H.
, Randall, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shank-
it lin, Shellabarger, Stokes, William B. Washburn.
Welker, Wlialcy, James F. Wilson, and Stephen
F. Wilson—71.
NOT VOTI \G—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson,
Baldwin, Benjamin, Cook, Culver, Dawes, Denison,
Driggs, Eggleston, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Harris, Henderson, Higby, Hooper, Asahcl W. Hub-
bard, Kasson, Kelso, Leftwich, Lynch, McCullough,
Mclndoe, McKee, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noel], Patterson, Phelps, Plants. Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Ritter, Rousseau. Sitgreaves, Sloan. Stevens,
Stilwell, Nathaniel (}. Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams,
Windom, and Winfield—46.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. McKEE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Phelps on this question or he would have
voted against the report.
Mr. DAVIS stated that Mr. CooKhad paired
with Mr. Kasson.
The announcement of the vote as above
recorded was received with mingled applause
and hisses from members.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted ; and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ORTH. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the motion.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate (received during
the above roll-call) informed the House that
the Senate had passed bill of the House, No.
1161, to amend existing laws relating to inter-
nal revenue, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bill of the House
No. 1184, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of fortifi-
cations and other works of public defense for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
.tax bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
business upon the Speaker's table, the next
business in order being the consideration of
the Amendments of the Senate to bill of the
House No. 1161, to amend existing laws relat-
ing to internal revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I have not
read the amendments of the Senate to this bill,
but I understand that they are quite numerous,
and I can see no mode by which we can have
final action on the bill this session except by
moving a non-concurrence in the amendments
of the Senate and that the House ask a com-
mittee of conference. I make that motion and
call the previous question upon it.
Mr. LE BLOND. What is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate to the tax bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is there a tariff among
them?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes there
is no tariff.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I-call for the reading of
the amendments. I wish to know what I am
to vote upon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to demand the reading.
Mr. RADFORD. If it is in order, I desire
to move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to dispense with the reading
of the amendments.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the gentleman who moves to adjourn that if
the House adjourns now, in tho present state
of the public business, this bill will probably
be lost. It will depend, of course, upon
whether the majority of the House desire tho
bill to be lost or not.
Mr. RADFORD. How long will the read-
ing of the amendments take?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say.
Mr. RADFORD. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the demand
for the reading of the amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, of course, I
withdraw my motion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof, Mr. Morrill's motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Morrill,
Mr. Moorhead, and Mr. Hogan conferees on
the part of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLING.
(at eleven o' clock and thirty minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented under
tho rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of John M. Dor-
sey, G. G. Hagele, David Basler, Thomas Drury, and
343 others, journeymen finishers of morocco leather,
ofJPhiladelphia, Pennsylvania, praying Congress, by
a judicious adjustment of tho tariff and tax laws, to
protect their labor.
By Mr. ROSS: The memorial andresolutions of the
River Improvement Convention.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 22, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions, ratifying the amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States proposed to the sev-
eral States by joint resolution of Congress,
passed on the 13th day of June, 1866, to be
designated article fourteen of Amendments to
the Constitution; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
State of Wisconsin, ratifying the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed to the several States by a joint resolution
of Congress, passed on the 13th day of June,
1866, to be designated article fourteen of
Amendments to the Constitution; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
credentials.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the credentials
of Hon. Cornelius Cole, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of California for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1867; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) instruct-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to order a
survey for a bridge or bridges across the Poto-
mac was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
james tetlow.
The bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of
James Tetlow, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
will be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. It is hardly necessary to refer
that. There is a similar bill reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs in hcec verba, now
lying on the table. It is in charge of the Sen-
