1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
retirement be made without the report of a
board of examination. The committee have
had that subject under consideration, and have
instructed me to report a bill to repeal the
twelfth section of the act approved July 17,
1862, entitled "An act to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes."
.The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
It provides that the twelfth section of the act
approved July 17, 1862, entitled ''An act to
define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes," be
and the same is hereby repealed; and that the
President shall be authorized to assign any
officer retired under the act of August 3, 1861,
to any appropriate duty, and the officer thus
assigned shall receive the full pay and emolu-
ments of his grade while so assighed and em-
ployed.
Mr. MARSTON. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsiderbelaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. RANDOLPH MARTIN, ASSIGNEE.
• Mr. MARSTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also reported a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of War to ad-
just and settle the claims of D. Randolph Mar-
tin, assignee of the Washington, Alexandria,
and Georgetown Railroad Company; which
was read a first and second time.
The. question was upon ordering the .joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War to adjust and settle the claim of D. Ran-
dolph Martin, assignee of the Washington, Al-
exandria, and Georgetown Railroad Company,
for the use and occupation of the road of the
company by the United States from January
11, 1862, till August, 1865, and to pay him such
sum as may be found equitably due for such
use and occupation.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MARSTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. 453) regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked leave of absence for
Mr. IltBEARD, of West Virginia, until next
Tuesday.
Leave was granted.
SOLDIERS ON CLERICAL DUTY.
On motion of Mr. ANCONA, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of a resolution relative
to the pay of soldiers detailed for clerical duty;
and the resolution was laid on the table.
AMENDMENT OF MILITARY LAWS.
On motion of Mr. ANCONA, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the farther consideration of a resolution pro-
posing an amendment of the act fixing the mil-
itary peace establishment of the United States;
and the resolution was laid on the table.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it be passed, a bill (H. R. No.
1049) to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations," &c., approved July 28, 1866,
giving additional bounties to discharged sol-
diers in certain cases.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that claims for the additional bounties provided
by the act of July 28, 1866, in cases where the
claimant's discharge certificate is alleged to
have been accidentally lost or destroyed, may
be presented to the Second Auditor of the
Treasury for settlement; and upon proper
application, accompanied with proofs of such
loss, the Auditor is to examine and determine
the claim as in like eases of claims settled by
him. The payment of any such claim is to be
made by a paymaster on the usual form of
Treasury certificate issued by the Auditor and
countersigned by the Comptroller. The nature
of the proofs required and the forms in which
thoy shall be presented are to be prescribed
by the Treasury Department. But no provision
of the bill is to be construed to relieve a claim-
ant from any requirement prescribed in the act
of July 28, 1860, or the regulations of the Sec-
retary of War made in conformity therewith,
except the single one requiring the production
of the discharge.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs be discharged from tho
further consideration of the bill (II. R. N*o.
952) supplementay to an act granting additional
bounty to certain enlisted soldiers, approved
July 28, 1866 ; and that the bill be laid on the
table, as the subject is covered by the bill just
passed.
The motion was agreed to.
KELSON BELL.
Mr. ANCONA. I also move that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be discharged .from
the farther consideration of the memorial of
Nelson Bell, in relation to the same subject,
and that the memorial be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to. ,
ARSENAL PROPERTY AT PITTSBURG.
Mr. ANCONA also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of ground adjoining
the Alleghany arsenal, at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to authorize and empower the Secretary of
War to accept the offer of the St. Francis Hos-
pital Society to sell to tho United States certain
lots of ground situated in the borough of Law-
renceville, Pennsylvania, numbered one, two,
three, and four, containing about ninety-six
hundred square feet, and upon which is a spring
supplying the arsenal with water. Three thou-
sand eight hundred dollars is appropriated to
pay for the lots upon their conveyance to the
United States by a good and sufficient title in
fee simple.
Mr. ANCONA; The reading of the bill
will fully explain its purpose. It goes to this
extent and no further: upon those lands adjoin-
ing the arsenal is situated a spring from which
the arsenal is supplied with water. The United
States derived the right to a portion of the
water some years ago. The lots are in mar-
ket and can be bought at a reasonable rate. It
is recommended by the War Department that
the purchase should be made, and I hope the
bill will pass.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreod to.
PAY OT CLERKS AT SPRINGFIELD ARSENAL.
Mr. BLAINE, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution fixing the pay of
the clerks at the Springfield arsenal; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes increase of the pay of the clerks at Spring-
field arsenal from $800 to $1,200 per annum.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES B. WILDER.
Mr. DEMING, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Charles B. Wilder; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
tho payment to Charles B. Wilder, late captain
and assistant quartermaster, of the sum of
$935, the same having been paid by him, under
order of his superior officer, for indemnity.
Mr. SPALDIN G. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The SPEAKER. There is none.
Mr. SPALDING-. Let the gentleman ex-
plain it.
Mr. DEMING. The gentleman from Ohio
calls for the report in this matter. I was but
instructed this morning to report this to the
House, and have had no time to prepare a
written report.
But I will explain the purpose of the joint
resolution to the satisfaction of my friend. It
seems Captain Wilder, assistant quartermas:
ter, by order of the War Department, was
made superintendent of freedmen's affairs in
Virginia, and while in charge of those affairs
he was ordered bythe Government to loan the
freedmcn certain horses and mules, and as se-
curity received a deposit corresponding in value
with that of the animals loaned. Subsequently
he was relieved from that department, and he
paid over to his successor the $935 of deposit.
Afterward he was restored to the department,
but lift predecessor had sunk the money in the
Treasury. He was ordered, nevertheless, to
return that amount to the freedmen on the
return of the animals which had been loaned.
This is merely to reimburse him. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DEMING moved torcconsidcr the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANTHONY ZIMANDY AND OTHERS.
Mr. DEMING, from the same committee,
moved that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of
AntHony Zimandy, the petition of Mrs. Almira
Thompson, papers in the case of Thomas Tur-
ner, &c., and that they be laid on the_ table.
The motion was agreed to.
WALTER C. WHITTAKER.
Mr. ROUSSEAU, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Walter C. Whittaker; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
that Walter C. Whittaker be paid as colonel of
the sixth Kentucky cavalry from 19th Septem-
ber, 1861, to 1st January, 1862, inclusive.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
