1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] who is
not in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid upon the table if there is no objec-
tion.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Henry B. Carrington, colonel eighteenth regi-
ment United States infantry, praying that Army
officers may be allowed commutation for quar-
ters, and that each regiment in the Army may
be allowed a full band ; which was ordered to
lie upon the table, the Senate having already
acted on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
William J. Blackistone, of Maryland, repre-
senting that he was appointed one of the Board
of Trado for the greater part of St. Mary's
county, in Maryland, during the war and was
subjected to very heavy expenses, and finds
now that there is no provision by which he can
receive any compensation, although he was
informed at the time that compensation would
be allowed him. I ask its reference to the
Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the Chamber of Commerce of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, remonstrating against the
registering of foreign-built vessels; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Nobles & Co., praying to be allowed to enter
ten thousand acres of land in the State of Ala-
bama at the Government price; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, praying that Charles Ramsey may be
allowed an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of mer-
chants of Boston praying that the warehouse act
approved March 16, 1860, may be so amended
as that tea, coffee, sugar, spices, and the raw
products of the East Indies may not be subjected
to the additional duty of ten per cent, as therein
provided ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of
citizens of Altoona, Pennsylvania, in which they
ask that there shall be no legislation or enforce-
ment of any law, rule, or regulation within the
United States or the Territories against any
civilized portion of the inhabitants, native-born
or naturalized, on account of color, race, or
birth, and they ask appropriate legislation by
Congress to enforce this petition.
I also offer a similar petition from citizens
of Philadelphia, and another similar one from
citizens of Pennsylvania generally.
I also offer the petition of the Female Anti-
Slavery Society of Philadelphia, duly authen-
ticated by their officers, in which they ask Con-
gress to present to the loyal States for adoption
such amendment or amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States as may be neces-
sary to secure to the lately emancipated slaves
of this country the right of suffrage. As this
petition concerns directly an amendment to
the Constitution, I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary has acted on these questions and I
do not see the necessity of referring these mat-
ters to them again. The committee have re-
ported back several just such petitions asking
for similar legislation, and we have reported
various bills on the subject which are on the
Calendar. I think these petitions might as
well go upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not re-
ported any resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution securing the suffrage
to everybody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the prayer of the
last petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the others do not
relate to that.
Mr. SUMNER. The others can lie upon
the table.
The PRESIDENT^wo tempore. That order
will be entered. Does the Senator vary his
motion in regard to the last petition?
Mr. SUMNER. Let them all lie on the
table.
It was so ordered.
government op south carolina.
Mr. YATES. I present the petition of one
thousand loyal colored citizens of Charleston,
South Carolina, praying for the establishment
of a territorial government there, and for pro-
tection in their civil and political rights.
In presenting this petition, Mr. President, I
desire to remark, as it is very important at the
present time to know the real state of affairs
in the rebellious States, that these petitioners
state to us that since the suspension of the
provost guard and provost courts and the mil-
itary tribunals there, or the curtailment of the
military jurisdiction in the State of South Caro-
lina, there is no protection for the civil and
political rights of the freedmen. They testify
that in the interior of the State the freedmen
are barbarously and inhumanly murdered for
no other crime than that they assert their
rights under the proclamation of emancipation
and under the amendment abolishing slavery
in the United States. They testify to us that
the civil courts wholly fail to do them justice;
that no indictments are found for the com-
mission of the most heinous and outrageous
offenses; that no convictions are found for
murders of the freedmen in that State.
Mr. President, here is evidence presented to
us from a loyal source, not from men engaged
in the rebellion, not from men who fought
against the country, but from men who under
all circumstances in the past history of the
country have been true to its flag and true to
the Union and to liberty. Under these cir-
cumstances, these one thousand loyal colored
citizens of the United States demand protec-
tion. They represent to us their condition,
and we know it must be true, as being far
worse than in a state of slavery, for then they
had the protection of a master, now they have
arrayed against them the prejudices and the
persecutions of disloyal men, of rebels who
are embittered against them and prejudiced
against them by reason of the noble and
patriotic stand they have taken in favor of the
Union. In consideration of these facts, these
petitioners pray for suffrage and for protection
in the exeroise of suffrage. They also pray
that they may have the protection extended to
them which is their right as American citizens,
as there is now no distinction under the Con-
stitution of the United States between citizens
or between persons, whatever may be their
color, race, or previous condition.
In consequence of the importance of this
petition as a document showing the true state
of affairs in the State of South Carolina, given
to us by loyal men, I wish to present this
petition as a part of the remarks which I have
made upon the present occasion. It is as fol-
lows :
Charleston, Sotith Carolina, February 16,1867.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* in Congress assembled :
We, the undersigned, colored citizens of the State
of South Carolina, would respectfully represent that
notwithstanding the positive recognition of the valid-
ity and justness of our claim, as an integral portion
ot the American people, to equality before the law
by the civil rights bill, and the very ample provisions
made by that and the Freedmen's Bureau for our pro-
tection, still there are many existing wrongs uncor-
rected, and much injusticeis inflicted upon us, through
violence and other means, by the white citizens of the
State, who are our law-makers and its administerers.
The provost courts having been suspended and
military supervision curtailed and the civil law per-
mitted to resume its sway, outrages upon our people,
especially in the interior of the State, are of common
occurrence. They are murdered, in various ways
abused, and in many instances for mero trivial
offenses, owing to the deep-rooted animosity and the
ancient spleen of barbarous slavery which waxed
hot by their acquisition of freedom.
Having no political voice, the civil rights bill fails,
and the civil courts fail to do them justice. Those
courts do not inflict punishment on white men that
outrage our people, and we, the recipients of wrong
and abuse, have to submit powerless to these wicked
decisions of the civil tribunal, whore justice is mock-
ery and injustice is olothed in the earn of righteous-
ness, and life itself is imperiled. In many places
they dare not even now assert the liberty secured
them by the emancipation proclamation ; if they do,
they are outraged, threatened with death, and driven
from their homes, poor, homeless, naked, hungry,
and withoutshelter. Theirwivesand their children,
the old, enfeebled, and decrepit, who have been worn
out under tho task-master, and the tender infant at
the bosom, and the sick—all, all alike, are now com-
pelled to seek refuge in temporary huts in the woods
or along the public highways. Upon many planta-
tions they arecompelled either to contract for wages,
by which they could not support their families, or
bo driven off—flight being their only refuge from
tyranny and abuse. Thus our people are meanly
ignored, made suffering outcasts, and their interests
willfully neglected.
Permit us, under these circumstances, to express
our deep gratitude for the liberal and gracious pro-
visions of "homestead" by tho Government, a pro-
vision now necessary to our safety, if not to our
very existence. In addition to the above-mentioned
wrongs and abuses, we are taxed to support schools
and other public institutions, whose doors are barred
against us. These taxes and burdens are imposed
without our consent—for we are allowed no voice in
representation. Slavery no longer holds us in its
galling clutches, hut we have dropped from its cruel
shackles into the no loss wicked grasp of a powerful
prejudice, which would contrive for us a more ruin-
ous iate than brutal slavery. It would make onr
liberty a curse instead of a blessing, and its cveiy
advocate a dangerous enemy to mankind, the glori-
ous emancipation proclamation an edict of ruin and
wretchedness, and tho great triumph of Federal
arms a most inglorious failure. Wo would state,
however, that the loyal whites of the State would
prny you to make the elective franchise impartial
and irrespective of race or color, believing its enjoy-
ment to do our just right, as well as for their own
safety, the growth and perpetuity of free institutions,
of republicanism, and tho safety of the Government.
As a remcdyforthese, our grievances, your humble
servants would most respectfully petition and humbly
gray your honorable bodies to change the present
tate government to a territorial government, or
such form thatin tho reorganization of civil authority
in the State preparatory to its representation in Con-
gress every mim accounted a oitizen of the United
States and residing in South Carolina shall be author^
ized to have an equal voice, whereby the people oT
the State may be secured a republican form of gov-
ernment. We ask this because—
1. It is our inuliennblo right to enjoy every privi-
lege secured by law to any other class of American
citizens.
2. We ask it becauso we#rc vastly in the mnjority
in South Carolina, consequently we aro unwilling to
be entirely legislated for and ruled by tho minority,
who are our enemies and unmindful of our interest.
Should not the majority rule? If not, may they not
be permitted to participate in ruling?
3. We ask it because when the white citizensof tho
State rebelled against tho Government, and at-
tempted its destruction, "when tho flame that lit
the battle wreck," was fanned and fed by the hot
rage of a rebellious people, whoso furious passions,
wicked and mad designs had hurled upon the land a
disastrous war, we remained loyal and true, and with
heroic patriotism our brave men suffered, fought,
and bled upon numerous battle-fields for union,
liberty, and the preservation of the Government.
4. Wo ask it because wo took no part in filling tho
land with rage and strife, war and bloodshed, with
the mourning and distress of poor widows and or-
phans, nor did wc burden the nation with its great
debt, but we were the ministers of relief and comfort
to our oppressrs and enemies even : but more espe-
cially to insulted and barbarously-treated Union
prisoners so fur as safety permitted. When we found
them in their prison-pens sick, languishing, and
dying from hunger, thirst, and neglect, wo divided
with them our last morsel.
5. We uJk it in accordance with, and in tho name
of, the Declaration of American Independence, which
declares "that all men aro created equal; that they
are endowed by their Creator with certain inalien-
able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these, gov-
ernments are instituted among men, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the governed."
6. wc ask it that loyalty may becomo supreme, and
be no longer considered a crime. Then will repub-
lican liberty bo safe and we ourselves be protected
from outrage and wrong. ...
Finally, we ask it, in the sacred name of justice,
of liberty, of suffering humanity for the sake of social
and politioal harmony, and as being for the best
interest of the whole people of South Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dis-
position does the Senator ask be made of the
petition ?
Mr. YATES. I move its reference to the
joint Committee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by tho
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 196)
to construe an act further to provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspect-
ors, and for other purposes, to report the
joint resolution back with the expression of
