irn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the opinion that the same ought not to pass.
I am directed to say in this connection—I
have not had time to make another report-
that the committee learned with surprise that
the Treasury Department has in a degree nul-
lified the act passed last year on this subject,
by its construction, and that this joint resolu- '
tion was intended to make that nullification ,
legal by limiting the operation of the act within ,
certain boundaries which the act by itself al- j
ready included. The Department has under- ,
taken, in respect to the pressure of steam upon
boilers, although the language of the act is per- 1
fectly explicit and perfectly general, to declare
that there is a certain class of boilers to which
the law does not apply, and they have reached
that conclusion by looking to the title of the
law and by, having looked to the title of the
law, only taking one half of the title instead ,
of the whole in order to base such an argu- |
ment upon. I do not think it very creditable i
to the law officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment that that method of administering law is I
adopted there; and unless it shall be corrected :
by the action of the Department itself I shall,
with the approbation of the' committee, take
some early occasion to provide by further law
for the execution of the laws that we already j
have. 1
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 530) amendatory of the homestead
law, and for other purposes, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 391) to aid in the development
of the mineral and agricultural resources of
Montana;
A bill (8. No. 597) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the disposal of the public lands
for homestead actual settlement in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida;" •
A bill (S. No. 615) for the sale of the Hot
Springs reservation, in the State of Arkansas;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 355) to authorize depart-
ures from the established mode of surveying
in certain cases.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of the University
at Burlington, Iowa, and the memorial of the
city council of Burlington, Iowa, in relation to
the grant of a certain lot of public land in that
city for educational purposes, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 733) for the
discontinuance of land offices, and authorizing
modifications in the limits of land districts,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wa3 referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
213) to extend the provisions of the act in
regard to, agricultural colleges to the State of
Tennessee, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred the bill (H.
R. No. 899) in relation to the revenue-cutter
service, and the joint resolution (H. R. No.
281) authorizing examinations of improvements
in vessels, and for other purposes, in aid of
navigation and for the protection of life and
property at sea, asked to be discharged from
theirfurther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1154) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom were referred reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of
a grant of aid to the Union Pacific railway,
southern branch, equal to that granted to the
Union Pacific railway and it* several northern
branches, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
BOSTON POST OFFICE.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 170) relative to
the post office and sub-Treasury of the city of
Boston, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage. This is a resolution simply for the ap-
pointment of a commission similar to the one
appointed in tha case of the post office site in
the city of New York, for the selection of a
site in Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the action of the
Senate upon it now.
Mr. RAMSEY. It involves no liability, no
money. It simply provides for a report upon
the sites that may be offered.
By nnanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to
appoint the mayor and postmaster ot the city
of Boston, the assistant Treasurer of the United
States at the city of Boston, the president of
the Board of Trade of the city of Boston,
Alpheus Hardy, Daniel Davies, and John A.
Andrew, of Boston, a commission to select a
proper site for a post office and the accommo-
dation of the sub-Treasury in the city of Boston,
and report to the Postmaster General and the
' Secretary of the Treasury, at their earliest con-
venience, the selection upon which they or the
majority of them may agree, and the price at
which such site can be purchased by the Gov-
ernment for the purposes contemplated in this
resolution, if a new site should be selected;
and if the report shall meet the approbation
of the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Treasury, they are to communicate it,
with such additional suggestions as they may
think proper, to Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 621) for the relief of Charles Ramsey;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
HENRY S. DAVIS,
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 820.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 820) for
the relief of Henry S. Davis.
Mr. POLAND. This is a bill to pay a me-
chanic for work on the Patent Office building.
It is a bill that has twice passed the House;
been reported upon three times in the House
favorably, and three times in the Senate favor-
ably. It was during the last session before the
Committee of the Senate on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and a majority of the committee
reported in favor of the claim. A very lengthy
minority report was submitted by a portion of
the committee. I do not know whether it is
necessary that that should be read, or whether
it is desired that it should be. I will state in
substance what it is.
There is no dispute in reference to the per-
formance of the labor by Mr. Davis. The only
dispute was in reference to the price that he
was entitled to receive as to the quality, the
class of the work. This minority report is
made up of long letters and correspondence
from the public measurer, who claimed that Mr.
Davis was not entitled to receive any more
than he was paid, and a lengthy report made
by the Commissioner of Patents, to whom it
was once referred, no statement of facts, but
a lengthy argument on the subject. I do not
know whether the gentleman who made that
report desires to hav« it read, or whether he
will make a statement to the Senate verbally.
It was nearly all read the other day, not wholly.
I will state further in reference to this claim
that during the last session this matter was
before the Senate committee and also the
House committee, and a very lengthy hearing
was had before the House committee in refer-
ence to it, and the evidence was taken in writ-
ing, which was laid before the committee of
the Senate, and that evidence I have here. In
addition to this, the committee of the House
took the trouble to go up and examine tho
work themselves and see it.
Without taking any more time in reference
to this, I have merely to Say that it has once
been arbitrated. The matter was left, by direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, to three
skilled mechanics of his own choice, who decided
unanimously in favor of this claim. He has
had the award of arbitrators; he has had the
; report of three committees in the House ; ha
| has had the report of three committees in the
| Senate, and the bill has passed the House. It
I seems to me it is time this matter was finally
settled.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have no
desire to embarrass the passage of this bill by
any unnecessary delays in its consideration,
litis perhaps right that it should have a hearing.
' The bill was referred to the Committee, on
which I serve, on Public Buildings, for investi-
gation, and in looking at it I became satisfied
that the claim was an unjust one. In conse-
quence, I took a great deal of pains in making
an examination into its merits and into its
history ; and the more I examined it the more
thoroughly I became satisfied that there was
no earthly title or shadow of justice in the
claim. It is a claim for work done some eight
or nine years ago that was then settled for. It
is a claim founded upon a bill of prices for
which anterior work had been done and settled
for without any controversy. It is a claim
which has been passed upon under Mr. Holt
when he was Commissioner of Patents, and
also under the succeeding Commissioner of
Patents, Mr. Bishop, and under the investiga-
tion of the Finance Committee of this body,
and on each and every occasion has been dis-
allowed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from
Missouri will permit me, the Finance Commit-
tee did not disallow the claim. They declined
to put it on the appropriation bill, admitting,
though, that the claim was a just one unques-
tionably.
Mr. BROWN. That is not my information
of the facts.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was there myself.
Mr. BROWN. That is not the information
I have in regard to it.
It is proper that I should state somewhat
the character of this claim, and I shall do so
as briefly as I may. It is for work done on the
west wing of the Patent Office, the greater
gortion of which was shelving. This Mr.
lavis had a contract previously for work done
on the east wing of the Patent Office of the
same kind and character for shelving. He
called upon the Government measurer to know
the prices that would be allowed, and was re-
ferred to the Builders' Guide as the standard
of prices understood here in the District. He
went ahead and completed his contract on the
east wing of this kind of work. It was settled
for in accordance with that standard of meas-
urement and prices. There then came up a
contract to be let for the west wing, the shelv-
ing, and other articles. He made application
for that and received it, knowing that tha
same measurer was there, and knowing that
the same standard of prices would be applied
to the work. When it came to be settled for,
however, he asked to have the price increased
some two hundred per cent, over and above
the amount which was allowed by the Builders'
Guide. This the Government measurer re-
fused to do. Thereupon there was a contro-
versy, and the matter was referred to Mr. Holt.
The result of that was, after some little pro
and con. argument, Mr. Holt ordered tha
