1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ft
nimifcy or of humanity practised in other times
and in other places and under other circum-
stances and by other Governments; but when
study shall have enabled the ablest or the most
industrious of them to bring here before the
Senate the example of-a Government so tried,
so tempted, so wronged.as-- this has been, and
yet answering such wrongs by such magnanim-
ity as we have answered ours with, when any
such example has been* produced to me I shall
think better of the past history of the world
than I think to-day. Of what inhumanity is
this Government thought to be guilty? What
is the crime with which we have had to deal?
No, Mr. President, there is a question prelim-
inary to that: have we any crime to deal with
or not ?
This great question in all its bearings in so
often dragged before the Senate and so often
debated as if we were dealing with the inno-
cent and with the angels of the earth instead
of with the guilty and with the criminals that
I'sometimes begin to doubt myself whether I
have not been mistaken all along in supposing
that rebellion was a wrong or a crime. But X
do believe, if my memory has not failed me,
writers on international law, writers I think on
Gospel and on morals, all writers who are fit
to write at all, tell us that when war is em-
ployed for the correction of any but the direst
wrongs the guilt of that war and all the enor-
mities that follow in its train rest upon the
souls of those who waged the war. We have
been engaged in war, have we not? This
Government did not commence it, did not in-
augurate it, was not guilty of one act which
could provoke it. The men who made it were
the men who had administered the Govern-
ment, went right out of your midst, went from
these seats, from your Cabinet, to make war
upon the people of the United States. Were
they provoked? Were they wronged? Were
they outraged? Were they oppressed? Put
your finger upon the statute ; put your finger
upon the official act that had touched the
rights or the interests of any one of them.
I know, sir, the people of the United States
had, in accordance with the Constitution, in
1860 elected a man to be President whom the
rebels did not think was the Lest man for Presi-
dent. The rebels were not agreed among them-
selves as to who was the best man for Presi-
dent. Let history note the fact, let honest and
truthful men acknowledge the fact that the only
pretense there'was for making this war in 1800
was the fact thatthe people of the United States
had selected Abraham Lincoln to be President
instead of another man. Was that an intolera-
ble wrong? Was that an unendurable oppres-
sion? That was the pretense for the war. In
that war I trust we have not forgotten yet how
much blood was poured out, how much treas-
ure was spent, how much life was sacrificed.
You cannot go into the streets anywhere but
what you are confronted with the wreck of
some brother of yours and of mine whom the
storms of this war have tossed out into your
midst. You cannot relieve your aching sight
anywhere from such spectacles as these.
I tell you the law is, the Gospel is, that the
responsibility for every one of those wrecked
lives still passing among us, as well as every
one of those lives which have been taken in
the progress of the war, the guilt of all-this
rests upon the souls of those men whom we
are arraigned to-day for treating inhumanly.
And for all this guilt what recompense have
we sought; what penalties have we enforced ?
A war was waged upon the people of the
United States for no offense in God's world,
as I tell you, but for having elected. Abraham
Lincoln President instead of another man.
That war was prosecuted for years. It was
prosecuted just as long as by purchase or by
power a man could be brought, into the ranks
of the rebellion. And when the last vestige
of force was crushed and there was nowhere
an armed rebel to resist the authority of the
United States, so outraged as it had been,
what did we demand of them ? What tortures
did we inflict; what scaffolds did we erect; who
were paraded upon them; what necks were
broken;. what throats were cut; what treasures
were exhausted as a recompense for this crime ?
We had laws upon our statute-book, if I am
not mistaken, which did declare that the estates
of those guilty men might be confiscated be-
cause of the crime they had committed. We
had laws upon the statute-book which provided
that their lives were forfeited by their crimes.
They asked the Government to remit them their
lives, and their lives were remitted. Who has
been executed because of the guilt incurred in
this rebellion? Nay, but they said "our lives
are of no use to us unless we can have our es-
tates also; give us back our forfeited estates;''
and their estates were flung to them. Whose
estate has been taken by the Government as a
penalty for the guilt incurred in this rebellion?
Tell me, Mr. President, where the personal
freedom of any single individual has been re-
strained because of his guilt? I know that
Jefferson Daris may be cited in answer to this
demand. It is a fact, I believe, that there is
one man out of millions who were engaged in
this rebellion yet held in custody. It is said
he has not been tried. I believe that is a fact.
God knows I am not responsible for his not
having been tried. I never issued a stay of
proceedings in the cause; and I do not know
that any responsibility rests upon any one of
my friends about me for the fact that he has
not been tried. But there is the fact; there is
one man held in custody. If I were charged
myself with the execution of the laws of the
United Statfes I am almost inclined to think
that I should concur with the Senator from
Maryland in the opinion that I should have
had him tried long ago or I would have him
out of prison. I would never have kept him
there to experiment on until this time.
There is one man in custody. The Govern-
ment is responsible, some portion of it. What-
ever of inhumanity there is in that is justly
chargeable upon the Government; but no life
has been taken; no property has been sacri-
ficed ; nay, these men who have had their lives
remitted' to them and their estates remitted to
them say, 11 Give us our political rights," and
they have them. Every man of them is enjoy-
ing all the freedom that you do in Connecticut
or that I do in Wisconsin; all the political
rights that we have in the States to which we
belong they have in the States in which they
live. Where is the inhumanity? They have
demanded some other things. They wanted
not merely their forfeited lives given back to
them, not merely their forfeited estates given
back to them, not merely their forfeited polit-
ical rights given back to them, but they wanted
some exclusive privileges and prerogatives, to
wit, the prerogative of exercising a certain
share in the power which is delegated to the
Government of the United States and the right
to exercise all the power which is reserved to
the several States under the Constitution of the
United States. The Congress of the United
States has not assented to these last two de-
mands, and so it happens that you do not see
any of them filling seats in this House or in the
other. This deed is chargeable to the Con-
gress of the United States undoubtedly.
Whatever of inhumanity there is in that rests
upon the Congress of the United States. But
I know of no other penalty which has yet been
imposed upon them, and I think, Mr. Presi-
dent, they can endure life a short time longer
even if they continue to be excluded from these
seats. That the possession of seats here is very
necessary to their comfort I do not suppose I
am justified in denying ; but I do think they can
live if they do not fill them. They thought
they could live better by resigning them, and
it was their voluntary act taking themselves
out of them. They found in the course of an
arduous and protracted struggle that they could
not live at all in the way they had chosen to
themselves, and now I have no doubt they are
anxious to get back here. I shall not occupy
the time of the Senate in speaking this after-
noon of the terms and of the times in which
they may, in my judgment, properly be received
back. That they are coming, or that represent-
atives from those communities are coming
very soon, I do not suffer myself to doubt. I
speak this afternoon these few words simply to
repudiate this and all attempts which are made
here or elsewhere to arraign, the Government
of the United States for inhuman treatment of
the men who have been engaged in the guilt of
this rebellion.
Mr. CONNESS. It is said Davis may die.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, Davis may die.
I do not suppose there is anything in the de-
crees of Providence which forbids the consola-
tion of death to such men as Mr. Jefferson
Davis. I have no doubt he may die. He may
possibly die at Fortress Monroe. I think my-
self if I had been President of the United States
he probably would have died in that neighbor-
hood before this time, but I should not have
felt that any guilt rested upon my soul because
of that event even if it had happened.
Mr. President, a few years ago I read in the
newspapers that there was an attempt to over-
throw, not the Governmentof the UnitedStates,
but the government of Virginia; an armed
attempt. It was led by a man by the name of
Brown, John Brown, who invaded that re-
doubtable Commonwealth at the head I think of
twenty-two men. I am not sure that I am cor-
rect as to the number, but I believe at the head
of twenty-two men. He was unsuccessful in
that demonstration upon the government of
Virginia, as Mr. Davis was unsuccessful in his
demonstration upon the Government of the
United States. Mr. Brown was arrested as
Mr. Davis was. Mr. Brown, however, was
arrested in his own proper garments and his
own proper garments alone, as I believe Mr.
Davis was not. All Mr. Brown's followers
were arrested; I believe every man of them;
the whole army of invasion was.arrested, as
was not the case in this rebellion. They were
all thrown into prison. If I am not mistaken
in my recollection, they were all tried by the
government of Virginia, and, if I am not mis-
taken in my recollection, every man of them
was executed by the government of Virginia.
Mr. Brown was held I believe to be a traitor
against the government of Virginia. I suppose
upon that question the judgment of the court
which tried him, never having been appealed
from, was final and conclusive and imports
absolute verity, and therefore it does not beeome
me to dispute it, and I guess I shall not dis-
pute it. If I had never heard of that judg-
ment, however, I should have supposed there
was not a particle of evidence in the world
to impeach Mr. Brown of any hostile design
against the government, the sovereignty of Vir-
ginia. I always supposed he went down there
with the desire of freeing some of their slaves,
transferring them from a stale of bondage to a
state of freedom, undoubtedly a great crime in
the judgment of that day, but after all, not the
crime of treason I suspect against the State of
Virginia, because the Commonwealth ofYir-
ginia would have existed even if quite a num-
ber of her slaves had been run otf. But the
court found him guilty of treason, and that
court pronounced the penalty of treason upon
him and upon his followers, and that penalty
was executed.
If I am not mistaken in my recollection, Mr.
Henry A. Wise was Governor of the Common-
wealth of Virginia at the time. Mr. Wise I
remember to have been a very active participant
in the late rebellion and in the guilt of that re-
bellion, if there were any guilt attending it. 1
saw in the newspapers that the man who exe-
cuted inexorably the penalty of death upon
every one of those poor deluded men who moved
into Virginia during his administration was in
the city of Alexandria but a few months since,
within five or six miles of this Capitol, and told
his fellow-citizens there in Alexandria that he
had asked no pardon of the Government of the
United States, and would accept no pardon of
the Government of the United States, and that
he defied the Government of the United States
still. That was the substance of it; and he
has not been interfered with; he is still at large;
