1867.
tHl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mi
account to be settled on the statement of the
Government measurer, and it was so settled ;
this Mr. Davis entering a protest and claiming
more.
Now, I will say that of the amount claimed
here in addition, $4,000 and upward, is for the
article of shelving. I went down to the Patent
Office myself to examine the difference be-
tween the shelving in the two wings and the
character of the work, and I found it to be
identically the same, with this exception : that
the shelving in the west wing of the Patent
Office is made of narrower plank tiian that in
the east wing of the Patent Office; but in the
agreement the allowance of six cents per foot
for glued joints is made in both cases, which
more than compensates for the difference in
the width of planking; in fact, it makes it to
the interest of the mechanic to make the plank
narrower and have more joints in the shelving,
so that, as far as that difference is concerned,
the advantage is altogether with Mr. Davis.
There is no other difference that I can find,
and it is so certified here, both by the measurer
and by others in the employment of the Gov-
ernment. It is on the strength of that work
that he claims to be allowed two hundred per
cent, more than is allowed in the Builders'
Guide.
It is said in justification of this claim that
the matter was referred to an arbitration, and
that that arbitration made this allowance. It
is but justice, however, to the Government to
say that that reference was made apparently on
a mistake of this kind : Mr. Davis alleged that
there had been a mistake in the measurement,
and the Commissioner decided that if there had
been a mistake in the measurement it was
proper that the Government should reopen the
case ; but when the case was reopened it did
not turn out to be a mistake of measurement,
but the arbitration sent in a change in the
price ; so that there is really no foundation to
justify the reopening of the case at all.
Again, in this commission, as it is called,
the Government was not represented. The
measurer of the United States was not present.
Mr. POLAND. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri what evidence there
is that the Government was not represented in
the meeting before that board or arbitrators.
The three men were selected wholly by the
Commissioner without the intervention of the
claimant at all. I am not aware of any evi-
dence that was before the committee or any
that exists that the Government was not repre-
sented.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator asks what au-
thority there is for the statement that the Gov-
ernment was not represented at that arbitration,
as he calls it, the investigation. The authority
that I quote is that of Mr. John C. Harkness,
the United States sworn measurer, under whom
this work was done, in which he says, referring
to this claims after it had been examined by
Mr. Bishop, and had been pronounced wholly
unfounded:
" Hare I supposed the matter would rest; but after
the lapseofan entireAdministration, when the nation
is heaving in agony, with an amount of legitimate
expenses taxing her to her utmost, this unfounded
claim is honored with a resurrection, and is about to
be stamped with real value. I am informed that this
is the result of a private examination of the case had
by three gentlemen, who are contractors, and butono
of them claims to be an expert in the business of
measuring joinery; that Mr. Davis and his attorney
were permitted to attend the committee when exam-
ining the work, while there was none to represent the
United States; that Mr. I)avis did on one of these
occasions attempt to prejudice the interests of the
Government by calling the attention of the committee
to the discrepancy," &o.
Again, he says:
"Having presented a bird's-eye view of the history
and facts of the case  will you permit me to inquire,
Mr. Secretary—for I am sure you are well versed in
guch questions—
" 1. If Mr. Davis, prior to the presentation of his
bid, did obtain from the Government measurer a
knowledge of the prices which he would apply to the
several descriptions of work, and making no excep-
tions thereto, is he not bound, in all fairness, to abide
by these prices; prices which he himself considered
so liberal as to induce him to propose a large discount
therefrom ?
" 2. If, after having executed the modal casw of
the east wing by measurement, he proposed to exe-
cute the same description of work at the west wing,
with the knowledge that the same measurer is retained
by the Government, is lie not bound, in all fairness,
to abide by thesame pricesfor tho same kind of work ?
"3. If Mr. Davis is allowed two hundred percent,
advance upon the book price for shelving at thewest
wing, can he not claim, with propriety, a similar
advance for the same description of shelving which
he furnished attbe east wing, for which he has re-
ceived but the book price?"
I will only call attention to one other com- '
munication which was addressed to the com-
mittee. It is from Mr. Edward Clark, the
architect of the United States Capitol exten-
sion. The question involved here is whether :
the shelving was of the same kind in the two
wings. Mr. Clark says: i
Washington, July 14,1866. J
Sir : Your letter relating to the prices allowed by j
the Government measurer for carpenters' work done
at the shelving of the show-eases in the eastern and
western saloons of the Patent Office building was re-
ferred by me to Mr. Harkness, the measurer.
That was a letter to be sent to Mr. Hark-
ness.
In reply I have the honor to submit the letter of
that gentleman, by which it will be seen that the
shelving of the two wings arc identical, with the ex-
ception that those in the western wing are in the
average made of narrower boards, and consequently
have more joints than those of the eastern. This
has been compensated for in the allowance for the
joints, which were paid for by the lineal foot.
I am. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD CLARK,
Architect United States Capitol Extension, jbc.
The Chaibman Committee on Public Buildings, United
States Senate.
Mr. President, I believe that in the examina-
tion of this case I have done my duty as a mem-
ber of the committee. I have presented also
the views of the minority of tlie committee,
which have been printed and laid upon the
tables of the Senators. I have no desire to
protract the discussion or to insist any further
upon the matter. I think the claim is a totally
unjust one. It is now resurrected some nine
years after it has been passed upon and pro-
nounced unjust by the Government. I think
if it is to be aeted upon at all by the United
States, it is simple justice to the Government
itself that it should be referred to the Court of
Claims, where it can have a fair and impartial
hearing in view of all the facts to be elicited.
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire to occupy
a moment in reference to this claim. The
Senator from Missouri suggests that it should
now be referred to the Court of Claims. It
was referred to a board of arbitrators. There
never was any dispute in relation to the quan-
tity of the work; it was merely as to its quality.
By direction of the Secretary it was referred
to a board of three builders, selected by him-
self. They unanimously decided in favor of
this claim, and it was recommended by the
Secretary to be paid, and a bill was passed in
the House to pay it, but in consequence of its
being a private claim put on an appropriation
bill it was struck out in the Senate. It came
before the Committee on Claims in the Senate,
of which the Senator from Kansas was chair-
man. That committee unanimously reported
in favor of it. It has twice been reported
favorably by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. It has been three times
reported in the House, and twice passed by
the House. I trust that this suggestion of the
Senator from Missouri, that it should now be
sent to the Court of Claims, will not be agreed
to. I think the Government has tortured this
poor mechanic long enough.
Mr. BROWN. Let me call the Senator's
attention to one fact. The letter of Mr. Smith
says:
"After the work iras completed a controversy
arose in regard to the amount of the work."
Mr. POLAND. It is perfectly immaterial
whether the Secretary understood what the
dispute was or tfid not. The real dispute
never was as to the quantity of the work; it
was as to its quality ; whether it waa to be at
one price or at another price; and all the
builders who have examined it, the House
committee who went op there during the last
aetsion to examine it for themielves, every-
body that ever has examined it says that it was
of the quality that it is claimed it was, and he
was entitled to the higher price he asks. I
hope it may be determined now finally at this
time.
The bill wae reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read th  third time.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nSys
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell^Conness, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds. Fogg, Foster, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Riddle, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Lane, Sherman, Sprague,
Wado, and Wilson—6.
absent—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cowan,
Cratfin, Creswell, Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Kirkwood, McDougall,
Nesmith, Nye, Saulsbury, Stewart,and Williams—18.
So the bill was passed.
agricultural college in tennessee.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 213, to extend the provisions
of the act in regard to agricultural colleges to
the State of Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the joint resolution with an amendment strik-
ing out the following proviso :
Provided, The grant of lands so made by the act to
which this refers and is amendatory shall be held by
the State of Tennessee subject to this condition, that
no person shall ever bo employed as a professor or
tcacher in the said agricultural college for the State
of Tennessee who had ever held military or oivil office
undertheso-called confederate government, or under
the rebel State government of Tennessee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
joint resolution of the Senate No. 90, to sus-
pend temporarily the collection of the direct tax
within the State of West Virginia.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. 912, making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. R. P.
Spalding, of Ohio, Mr. J. A. Kassok, of Iowa,
and Mr. C. A. Eldridge, of Wisconsin, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House No. 904, making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1868,
and for other purposes, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Thaddeus
Stevens, of Pennsylvania, Mr. John F. Farns-
worth, of Illinois, and Mr. F. C. Le Blond,
of Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. 896, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1868; and had agreed to the forty-
sixth amendm«nt of the Senate to the bill with
an amendment, asked & conference of the disa-
greeing votes of the two Homes thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Tbabdws Stbtwts, of
