272
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his head is still on his shoulders; at the last
accounts I had his neck was still unbroken, and
no part of his estate had ever been confiscated.
Mr. WILSON. Some of his property was
taken by the ^Government for temporary use,
bat it has been restored.
Mr. HOWE. It is said that his estate has
by the act of the Government been restored to
him. And yet this Government is the one
which is arraigned -before the civilized world
as a model of inhumanity! Sir, the charge
rests lightly upon me, lightly upon my convic-
tions ;-not so lightly upon my feelings. When-
ever I have heard it, I have rarely heard it
With my ears; I have read it often in the prints;
it has always struck me as so monstrously un-
just that I certainly never expected to hear it
from the lips of the Senator from Maryland;
and I have rarely beard it, as I said before,
anywhere. It is often urged in newspapers,
but I have rarely heard it pronounced in debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word to say,
sir. I am very sorry that I have touched the
feelings of the honorable member from Wis-
consin, who is a great deal more sensitive than
1 had supposed he was from his general exhibi-
tion. He has charged me with having assailed
the humanity of the Government during the
war. Why, sir, that is a charge which exists
for its foundation exclusively in his own very
. fruitful fancy. I said no such thing. What I
alleged to be in my judgment hard and inhu-
man was the keeping in prison a man for two
years without trial. During the war, permit
me to say to the honorable member, the Gov-
ernment had no more zealous supporter, not
as able as he was of course, than it found in
my humble self. From the beginning to the
close of it I stood by the Government and
aided it in every way that I could; I do not
know that the honorable member did more ; of
course what he did he did more effectually,
because he is the member from Wisconsin, and
I am only a member from Maryland, a south-
ern State.
Now, the honorable member tells us, or rather
intimates, that I may have forgotten the acts of
one John Brown, which he supposed may not
ferhaps be fresh in the memory of the Senate,
have not forgotten John Brown; never can
forget him; nor can I forget—I do not know
that the honorable member was a member of
that convention—that at the convention which
met at Chicago in 1860, and nominated for
the Presidency Mr. Lincoln, the proceedings of
John Brown and all such proceedings were in
the strongest terms denounced. That conven-
tion declared in its resolutions:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the Slates, and especially the right of each State to
order and control its own domestic institutions
according to its own judgment exclusively, is essen-
tial to that balance of powers on which the perfection
and endurance of our political fabrie depends; and
we denounce the lawless invasion by armed force of
the soil of any State or Territory, no matter under
what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes."
Nor have I forgotten the fact that John
Brown was executed. I wish it had occurred
to me when I was reciting the instances to show
the impolicy of harsh measures. I would have
instanced that; and permit me to say to the
honorable member that Virginia never com-
mitted a greater fault against true policy, to
say nothing of the mercy with which a brave
man should have been treated, than she com-
mitted when she executed him and one or two
of his associates. If she had spared them per-
haps the war would not have occurred. It was
because she pursued the inexorable course of
visiting upon them what she supposed to be
the judgment which the law pronounced that
she lost the hold which she had upon the hu-
manity of her sister States; and I might there-
fore have very well appealed to that instance
for the purpose of showing that mercy, par-
don, as contra-distinguished from mere power,
is the true policy of men as of nations.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I protest.
The honorable Senator from Maryland has so
many positive, always reliable sources in de-
bate, that he of all men should be compelled to
•Jest upon them ; and I have a right to eom-
January 4,
plain when, as in the present instance, he rises
to repel a charge which has not been made
against him and places his opponent in the
attitude of making points entirely different
from what he has made. Let me correct the
honorable Senator so far as to say first, that
I did not understand him at all as having
arraigned the Government for inhumanity com-
mitted in the course of the war or in the prose-
cution of the war. I knew just as well as the
Senator himself did that during all the terrible
years he did sustain the Administration, did
aid in the prosecution of the war, and I think
it all the more marvelous and extraordinary
because of that fact that he who did not agree
that the rebellion was right, but who did affirm
that the rebellion was a monster wrong which
demanded the expenditure of all our treasure
and of all our means to punish that wrong, and
he who has seen the magnanimity with which
the Government has treated these criminals
since they have been in its power, should
have stepped forward to prosecute the Gov-
ernment for inhumanity practiced, not during
the war, but since the war toward those crim-
inals who carried it on.
And now, Mr. President, what pretext had
the Senator from Maryland for saying that I
charged him with having forgotten the case of
John Brown? I made no allusion to him in
connection with the case of John Brown. I
cited it for purposes of my own. I cited it
because I thought it was pertinent to the line
of remark that I was making; and in neither
of these respects do I think the Senator found
any warrant whatever for calling the attention
of the Senate to any difference, actual or sup-
posed, between the position on this floor of a
Senator from Wisconsin and a Senator from
Maryland. I thank my God that both these
States have yet the right to send Senators here.
I wish the State of-Wisconsin were more ably
represented than she is, but she is represented
in accordance with the Constitution; she has
sent just the men that she selected for that pur-
pose. She consulted her own wishes, not the
wishes of any other State. Maryland did the i
same. I do not think I shall ever be heard to :
taunt the State of Maryland with having sent ,
here the honorable Senator who sits on the i
other side, and I hope that Senator never will |
again taunt the State of Wisconsin with having |
sent me here. i
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, in the re- j
marks made by the honorable Senator from !
Maryland, he made allusion to the ease of Jef- '
ferson Davis, now in confinement in Portress i
Monroe ; and, according to him, the Govern- j
ment of the United States, or some branch or j
officer of it, has been guilty of flagrant neglect |
and injustice in omitting to bring that prisoner ,
to trial. I do not know upon whom the hon- !
orable gentleman seeks to cast theblame of this
long detention of Davis without a trial. What
we know about the facts, however, is this:
thatupontheassassination of President Lincoln,
on the 14th of April, 1865, a proclamation was
issued by the present incumbent of the Presi-
dential chair offering large rewards for those
who had participated in that crime, and among
other accomplices naming Jefferson Davis, for
whose apprehension the President offered the
sum of $100,000. Before his seizure, and be-
fore any notice of this offer came to the military
party who arrested Davis, that party had seized
him, and Colonel Pritchard, of my own State,
a very gallant and meritorious officer, had the
honor of being his captor and of taking him
from the State of Georgia to Fortress Monroe,
under the orders of the War Department.
The Secretary of War, in a communication
to this body in December a year ago, informed
the Senate that Davis had been captured and
was then held as a prisoner of war, and also
that he was held responsible under the procla-
mation of President Johnson offering a reward
for his apprehension as one of the parties
engaged in the assassination of President Lin-
coln ; and he has been held in confinement
from that time to this, first in his capacity of a
prisoner of war, and secondly as being subject
to the charge of participating in that atrocious
murder. 1 am told, but I do not know except
from public rumor what the fact is, that an
indictment has been found against Davis in
this District charging him with treason against
the United States, and that another indictment
has been found against him in the district of
Virginia charging bun with the, same offense j
but I have not heard that he has been indicted
for a criminal connection with the assassina-
tion of Mr. Lincoln. If he has been the fact
is not within my knowledge ; but that he has
been held in custody on these joint charges
from the time of hie capture to the present
time is beyond all doubt.
The honorable Senator did not see fit to
allude to the fact that Davis stands charged
with a participation in the mnrder. Other ac-
complices in that most heinous and flagrant
crime have been brought to trial before a mili-
tary commission and after undergoing a most
thorough trial at the hands of p. very intelligent
military commission were found guilty and by
the order of President Johnson were executed;
and it seems for more than a year past efforts
have been made by the Secretary of State and
other employes of the Government to appre-
hend another accomplice in that great crime,
John H. Surratt, who has lately been arrested
in the far off and ancient country of Egypt,
among the pyramids, and is in process of being
brought to the United States. Does the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland look upon it as
cause of complaint that Davis has been detained
in custody with a view to hold him to his re-
sponsibility as a murderer; as one of the slayers
of Lincoln? If it shall turn out upon further
and future investigation that he is justly amen-
able to the law for that murder, can the hon-
orable Senator reproach his own Government
with detaining that high prisoner forthe length
of time necessary to arrive at the truth of the
matter ?
Who then, sir, is to blame for the non-trial
of Davis ? He is indicted for treason in Rich-
mond. The President has appointed a prose-
cuting attorney forthe district where that indict-
ment is pending whose duty it waS and is with-
out delay to take out a proper warrant for his
arrest and to bring him to trial for that crime,
and yet we have never heard of any effort being
made to bring him before the court. Sir, he
might have been tried in almost any other place
in the United States legally and constitution-
i ally for the crime of treason. I hardly think
the honorable Senator from Maryland will hold
that Jefferson Davis, the president of the con-
federate States, the commander-in-chief of all
the armies and navies belonging to the confed-
erate States during the war, has not by the very
position he held made himself amenable for
the crime of treason in any State or district of
the United States within which any overt act of
war was perpetrated during the rebellion. •
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
desires an answer now I can give it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will hear the honorable
Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly think that he
ean be; but the honorable member I suppose
has not forgotten that the late Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States gave an opinion to
the President that he could only be tried in
Virginia. I think in that he was mistaken.
Mr. HOWARD. I am cjuite aware that the
late Attorney General did give such an opinion;
but what is the opinion upon that subject of the
present Attorney General of the United States
I do not know, and I am not sure that the
honorable Senator from Maryland knows.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not.
Mr. HOWARD. If there has been a neg-
lect to bring Davis to trial it has, in my judg-
ment, arisen chiefly from the mistake which has
been made in regard to the doctrine of his legal
Fresence at the commission of the acts of war.
hold, as I held at the last session, that in the
case of the commander-in-chief of the rebel
army, the person who held in his hands the
entire control of the rebel army was as much
guilty of treason, as much present at an act of
