1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
you, to bring before the attention of the Sen-
ate the precise facts, as proved by the testi-
mony of witnesses, to show how the great
Indian wars have arisen since I have recollec-
tion on the subject.
I will go no further back than the great Indian
war in the States of Illinois and Wisconsin in
1832, called the Black Hawk War, the war with
the Sacs and Foxes. The Sacs and Foxes
occupied a part of Illinois and Wisconsin, the
valley of the Rock river, the most beautiful por-
tion of the West, to-day filled with civilization
and population. I may say from the mouth
of the flock river up into the State of Wiscon-
sin for one hundred and fifty miles villages and
cities are growing upon its banks beautiful
beyond description. In the advance of white
settlements it was necessary that the Indian title
to that beautiful country occupied by the Sacs
and Foxes should be extinguished. A treaty
was made for the purpose of extinguishing the
Indian title. This was before the Indian Bureau
was transferred to the Interior Department, for
the Interior Department was not yet created.
These Indians, under Black Hawk, were in the
neighborhood of their villages at Rock Island,
and felt reluctant to cross the Mississippi river
and forever surrender their hunting grounds and
their cultivated places and the graves of their
fathers. General Atkinson, in command of the
Army, came up the river with steamboats and
keel-boats for the purpose of driving those In-
dians by force across the Mississippi river,
against the remonstrances of the agent. The
agent of the Indians pleaded with the military
not to undertake by force to drive them over
the river; that if they would give to him a few
blankets, some tobacco and presents, he would
endeavor to persuade the Indians to cross the
river, and avoid all bloodshed. But that is not
the way in which the War Department deals
with Indians. They undertake always to deal
by force, to issue the order " the Indians must
go." The military forces were advanced upon
them to compel them to leave the homes of
their fathers and to cross the Mississippi; and
war was the consequence. We undertake to
eay that under the Constitution of the United
States the power to declare war is in the Con-
gress of the United States and in Congress
alone; but I tell you, sir, that the whole his-
tory of our dealings with our Indian tribes has
been to transfer the power to declare war to
some commander of the forces upon our front-
iers. Without any act of Congress, without
any direction by the Government, by the mere
act, it may be, of a lieutenant, it may be of a
captain or a major or a colonel in command
of the military forces upon the frontier, they
make war on a nation of Indians, which, before
its termination, involves the expenditure of mil-
lions upon millions of dollars, and we simply
foot the bill. Why, sir, the report of the Sec-
retary of War, which I have before me, tells us
that the expenses of Indian wars in 1864 and
1865 amounted to $30,530,942 93. The war
in the Northwest under General Sully cost this
Government between six and seven million dol-
lars, and there was but one Indian killed in the
whole expedition. Why, sir? Because upon
those plains they are too fleet, too rapid in their \
movements to be overtaken by the troops which
we can send into the field.
Now, Mr. President, let me state some other
facts. How did the war arise in New Mexico
with the Utes and the Apaches? It was a
■war begun by the troops in New Mexico, as
appears by an investigation which was made
by Major Griner, who was detailed for the
purpose of inquiring into the facts. I quote
from his testimony on page 378. He says:
"In my experience I have never known a serious
difficulty in the lerritory between the Indians and
citizens which did not originate mainly with the lat-
ter. Ono of the first exciting difficulties in the Ter-
ritory arose fiom the capture of Mrs. White, a very
beautiful woman, and her little daughter, by the
Jicarilla Apaches. I was appointed to investigate
it. I found that at Las Vegas the troops had, with-
out any sufficient cause or provocation, fired upon
the Indians, and they in revenge joined with some
Utes and attacked the next train coming from the
States, killing Mr. White and others, and capturing
bis wife and child: and also the stage, with ten pas-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 108.
sengers, was taken, and all killed. A war was the
consequence."
Here was the beginning of that war which
cost this Government probably $5,000,000;
that is, the war with the Apaches. The
troops commenced the war without provoca-
tion, they fired upon the Indians.
How was it with the commencement of the
war with the Navajoes? That war commenced
in this way: a Navajo Indian in the camp at
Fort Defiance, having some little controversy
with a negro servant boy, shot an arrow and
killed him. A demand was made by Major
Brooks, Or those who were in command of our
troops, on the whole Navajo nation for the sur-
render of this Indian. They had no power by
which to compel the surrender. They declared
that unless that Indian -was surrendered war
would be the consequence. An appeal was
made to General Garland, then in command
of the department. General Garland decided
that he would stand by Major Brooks, and
enforce that demand of the actual surrender
of the Navajo Indian who had killed this negro
boy and had fled, or he would commence war
against the Navajo nation. They refused to
surrender him; and upon their refusal war
was declared against the Navajoes; and it was
undertaken. That war resulted in four cam-
paigns against the Navajoes before they finally
surrendered. One campaign was made under
Colonel De Bonneville. He made a failure.
General Sumner made a campaign against
them. He followed and pursued them, and
drove them to their impregnable fortress in the
Canon de Chelly. That canon is perhaps more
remarkable than any other in the United States.
The walls rise perpendicularly fbr a thousand
feet on each side, in which the Indians had
their homes. At the foot of the valley they
raised their corn and their crops. But General
Sumner going into this valley was compelled to
retreat. He was not permitted to remain there
one single night. The Indians rolled down
stones upon the heads of the troops, and it was
impossible for them to remain there, and he
was compelled to retreat. General Canby
undertook the capture of the Navajoes also.
He entered into this same impregnable forti-
fication of these Indians, and he was com-
pelled to retreat also. Finally Kit Carson
undertook another campaign, and before winter
set in he had passed around to the foot of the
valley and destroyed their crops and all the
means of subsistence of these Navajo Indians;
and when winter came on, being deprived of
all provisions, they were compelled to sur-
render, and did surrender to the number of
seven or eight thousand. These seven or eight
thousand Indians, taken as prisoners of war,
were transferred to the reservation upon which
they now live, at what is called the Bosque
Redondo. I have no doubt that the war
against the Navajoes, which was begun by the
Army for a single offense committed by a
single Indian, cost this Government more than
thirty million dollars.
Again, sir, how did the great war commence
with the Sioux ? It commenced from the blun-
der and folly of a little lieutenant in command
of troops on the frontier. Au emigrant was
fassing with his train toward the West. Some
ndian, it is supposed, killed one of the ani-
mals belonging to this train; and this lieuten-
ant was sent out with all the pomp and circum-
stance of war to direct the Indians to surrender
the Indian who had been guilty of killing this
animal. It was refused. The Indians pro-
posed to pay for the animal in buffalo robes.
That was refused; the Indian himself must be
surrendered. Thelieutenantgave them a fixed
time within which to surrender that Indian, on
pain of his commencing war upon the camps
and lodges of the Indians. They refused to
surrender him. He fired upon the Indians;
and in less than half an hour he and his whole
command were killed and scalped. That is
the way the war began with the Sioux.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how he knows those facts if
they were all killed?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know these facts
from testimony taken before the committee,
the testimony of Colonel Bent, Colonel Kit
Carson, and other gentleman whose testimony
was taken by the committee, and also from
the interpreter of the Indians, Mr. John Smith,
who had himself married an Indian woman,
and was familiar with the Indians and spoke
their language. We have also the additional
fact that a report has been made to the War
Department that he and his whole command
were killed and scalped. He was sent out with
orders to demand the surrender of the Indians
or he would fire upon them. It is the case of
Lieutenant Grattan  
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from Wis-
consin will permit me to suggest that there is
\ a report from the War Department stating all
thesG facts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; I have no
! doubt they all appear in the War Depart-
ment. It was called the "Grattan affair." I
say that "affair" by those troops under the
command of a little lieutenant on the frontier
originated that war. Up to that time and
before that time white men and Indians all
over the plains could hunt buffalo together.
Our relations with all the great tribes upon the
plains were peaceable ; but war was begun in
that way, begun by the troops who were sent
out on the frontier.
But suppose we look a little closer into this
matter for a moment. Col. Bent says, speak-
ing of that Sioux war:
" This war originated as follows: some Mormons on
their way to Salt Lake were driving some stock:
either a cow or an ox gave out, the Indians killed
the animal, and the Mormon3 reported the fact to
the commanding officer at Fort Laramie; the officer
sent down for the Indian who killed the animal, but
the Indians refused to send him, as he was not pres-
ent and could not be found, offering at the same time
to pay for the animal killed; the officer then sent
Lieutenant Grattan with eighteen men to the Indian
camp, where there were some three hundred war-
riors, to fetch the Indian away; he demanded that
the Indian should be delivered in fifteen minutes or
he would fire on them; the Indian not being forth-
coming at the time. Lieutenant Grattan fired on the
Indians, and in a few minutes he and his command
were all massacred. This occurred in 1854, and was
the commencement of the Sioux war, which lasted
some time, the Cheyenne band of the North Platte
becoming involved in it."
You remember that that war lasted for a long
time. There were two or three campaigns
against the Sioux. It lasted until General Har-
ney, some two or three years afterward, pur-
sued them and continued to pursue them to
their winter home, where he, by attacking their
camps—men, women, and children—did finally
subjugate them to such an extent that they
came to terms of peace ; and for a time there
was a kind of peace existing between the Sioux
and the United States.
Now, sir, how did the famous war between
the Cheyennes and Arapahoes and the United
States begin. Colonel Bent states the origin
of that? He says :
" Having been living near the mouth of the Purga-
toire, on the Arkansas river, in Colorado Territory,
forthe last thirty-six years, and during all that time
have resided near or at what is known as Bent's Old
Fort, I have had considerable experience in Indian
affairs from my long residence in the country. Since
I have been there nearly every instance of difficulties
between the Indians and the whites arose from aggres-
sions on the indians by the whites. Some of theso
aggressions are of recent date. About three years
ago the Arapahoes were encamped near Fort Lyon;
a soldier had obtained some whisky, and went to the
Arapalio village after dark; he met an Indian or
two outside"—
And then the evidence goes on to state what
I hardly deem proper to read in this presence,
what occurred between the soldier and the In-
dians. It is enough to say that a difficulty
arose in reference to the treatment of the In-
dian women by the soldiers on that occasion.
A controversy arose—
"The Indian refused to return the whisky, when
the soldier pulled out his revolver, fired, and broke
the Indian's arm. The soldier then made his escape
and could never be identified by his officers or by the
Indians. The matter created great confusion among
the Indians, but was finally settled without a fight.
He then goes on to tell how the war arose
between the Cheyennes and the whites:
" I understood from some officers under Colonel
Chivington that the hostilities between the Chey-
