1038
THE CONGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 6,
By Mr. THAYER: The petition of J. S. Lovering,
and others, sugar refiners of Philadelphia, asking
for new classification and increased duties upon cer-
tain sugars.
Also, the petition of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, for relief.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition of
CO citizens of the town of Alabama, Genesee county,
New York, asking the passage of the pending tariif
on wool.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 6, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message froni the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 2d
instant, a copy of the letter on which the Sec-
retary of State founded his recent inquiries
addressed to Mr. Motley, minister of the United
States at Vienna; which, on motion of Mr.
Sumxer, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign'Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 2d instant, a report of the Sec-
retary of State in relation to the steps that have
been taken by him to secure to the United States
the right to make the necessary surveys for an
inter-oceanic ship-canal through the territory
of Colombia; which, on motion of Mr. Con-
fess, was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
IIc also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 31st ultimo, the names of the
deputy marshals, bailiffs, and criers in the Dis-
trict of Columbia who have received compen-
sation for the year 18GG; which, on motion of
Mr. Morrill, was ordered to lie upon the table
and be printed.
Tie also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmit-
ting a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
January ol, on the subject of a treaty of reci-
procity with the Hawaiian Islands; which was
ordered to lie on the table and bo printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in obedience to law, copies of the accounts of
the superintendent and agents having charge
of the Creekajr Chickasaws, Seminoles, Wichi-
tas, &c.; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
house bills uefj3rked.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (H. R. No. 942) donating a portion
of the Port Leavenworth military reservation
for the exclusive use of a public road ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1127) to fix the pay of the
quartermaster sergeant of the battalion of
Engineers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) to authorize the pay-
ment of prize money to certain officers and
enlisted men of the Signal corps of the Army ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1129) providing for the
issue of certificates of service to officers and
soldiers of volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1130) to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and twenty-nine,
of the laws of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress;
A bill (II. R. No. 1181) to authorize the
Secretary of War to convey certain lots in
Harper's Perry, West Virginia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 261) for the
relief of Stephen E. .Tones ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2G2) for the
payment of Captain James Kelley, sixteenth
United States infantry ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 263) for the
purchase of David's island, New York harbor.
The bill (H. R. No. 1125) granting an addi-
tional pension to Samuel Downing, one of the
last survivors of the revolutionary war, was
read twice by its title, and referred tow the
Committee on Pensions.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONNESS presented a memorial of
merchants and importers of San Francisco,
California, praying to be refunded the amount
of duties paid by them on goods destroyed by
fire in 1850 and 1851 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance. %
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens
of Washington city, District of Columbia,
praying that a charter .may be granted for the
purpose of building a railroad- from Washing-
ton city, through Virginia, to Cincinnati, Ohio ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying for
an examination of the advantages which Wash-
ington presents over all other places for the
location of a navy-yard and harbor for the
building and security of the great iron-clad
naval vessels of the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant to
the Union Pacific railway, southern branch, of
like or equal aid as has been granted to the
Union Pacific railroad with its several branches;
which were ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Arizona in
favor of a grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the most available
point oil the Colorado river, to run through the
central portion of that Territory to connect
with the Southern Pacific railroad on the
eastern boundary of the Territory ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. S UMNER. I present a petition of loyal
citizens, without distinction of color, of the
State of North Carolina, in which they set
forth the grievances and cruelties to which
they are subjected through the prevalence of
the rebel spirit and the reestablisliment of rebel
power, and they ask that government may be
founded in that State on the loyal population.
T ask the reference of the petition to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition,
numerously signed, from citizens of Arkansas,
in which they ask that the loyal people of the
State shall be recognized as the only true basis
of the government, and that Congress would
declare that all loyal men, without distinction
of color, are entitled to vote. I ask its ref-
erence to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
It was so referred.
Mr. NORTON presented the petition of Jose
Mirabal, Antonio Fernandez, and others, pray-
ing for a confirmation of the Spanish grant
known as the Rio Grande grant, in New Mex-
ico ; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a me-
morial of the officers of the various national
banks in Newark, New Jersey, remonstrating
against the passage of the so-called "Randall
bill," to withdraw the circulation of the na-
tional banks and issue greenbacks in its stead;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FOGG presented the memorial of Caleb
Lyon, late Governor of Idaho Territory, rep-
resenting that on the 13th of December last,
while traveling on the sleeping-car from Phila-
delphia to Washington, he was robbed of
$47,006 GO, being the unexpended residue of
money belonging to the Indian department,
and praying for an investigation into all the
facts connected with the robbery and the pas-
sage of an act relieving him from the burden
of the loss of the money and enabling him to
settle his accounts; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 234) to incorporate the
National Capitol Insurance Company, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 128) authorizing
.limited partnerships in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings therein, reported it
with amendments.  
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 529) to incorpo-
rate the Howard University in the District of ^
Columbia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred various petitions of officers of the United
States praying for an increase of pay, reported
a bill (S. No. 568) to provide for a-temporary
increase of the pay of the officers of the Army,
and for other purposes; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of
John Clarke, late of the first United States
infantry, and the petition of James Walsh, late
a private in company L, third United States
artillery, praying for an increase of pension,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, the cases having been provided for
by general law ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Seth Eastman, of the United States Army,
praying for a restoration of the copyright of
his pictures used in illustrating *he Govern-
ment work on the history of the Indians, &e.,
submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 52-1) establishing the salaries of the judges
in the Territories, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1038) providing for an additional
term of the circuit court of the United States in
the eastern district of Arkansas, and for other
purposes, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary', to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. GG8) to limit the time for bringing suits
before the Court of Claims, have instructed
me to report it back and recommend its indef-
inite postponement. I will State to the Sen-
ate that the law now limits the bringing of
claims before the Court of Claims to six years,
and we see no necessity for any additional
legislation upon the subject.
The report was agreed to ; and the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For-
eign Relations have instructed me to report a
joint resolution, which is applicable to the
same subject on which they have already re-
ported a joint resolution, and, indeed, it is the
one already reported, but in a new draft.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 164) supple-
mentary to other joint resolutions to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the Universal Exhibition
at Paris in 1867 was read and passed to the
second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. t^'3) to authorize the forma-
tion ofcorporations for manufacturing, mining,
mechanical, or chemieal purposes; and
