1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1030
A bill (S. No. 570) extendirig the time for
the completion of certain street railways.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 571) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of a southern branch of the
Union Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort
Riley, Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," ap-
proved July 26, 1866; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 165) to refer the claim of
the trustees of A. G. Sloo to the Court of
Claims; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 572) fixing the time for choosing electors
of President and Vicc President of the United
States; which -was read twice by its title.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will state that the
time named in this bill is the second Tuesday
of October. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Saturday next be assigned for tlio
consideration of legislation for the District of Co-
lumbia.
TRANSIT ROUTES ACROSS MEXICO.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Remlved, That tlic President of the United States
be requested to communicato to the Senate, if not
deemed incompatible with the public interest, copies
ot_ all correspondence not heretofore communicated
with reference to grants to American citizens forrail-
road and telegraph lines across the territory of the
republic of Mexico.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. LANE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee oil Pensions to report the following reso-
lution, and to ask for its immediate consider-
ation :
Reiolved, That there shall be an evening session
of the vSenate commencing at seven o'clock p. in., on
the 13th instant, tor the purpose of considering re-
ports and bills reported by the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER. What day is proposed?
Mr. LANE. This day week.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that the even-
ing be the 14th. I know that there are some
Senators who have engagements for the loth.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection to that
amendment. I accept the modiiication and
name the 14th.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
rRrXTIXG OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand copies of the report of J. Ross
Browne upon mines and mining, have instructed
me to report i-fc back with an amendment, and
I ask for its present consideration.
The Senate proceeded to tlte consideration
of the resolution.
The amendment was, after the word "printed''
to insert "and bound;'' and at the end of the
resolution to add ''with a title page and
index;" so as to make the resolution read:
ton thousand copies of the report
ot J. Koss Browne to the Treasury Department, on
the statistics of mines and mining, be printed and
bound lor the use of the Scnate, with a title page and
index.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Print-
ing yesterday morning made a report in favor
of printing a memorial, which was presented by
me the previous day. from the officers and man-
agers of the National Association for the Relief
of Destitute Colored Women and Children, rel-
ative to a law-suit instituted against them by
R. S. Coxe ; but there was no action taken on
the report yesterday, and I suggest that it be
now taken up and disposed of.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
to print the memorial referred to, and it was
agreed to.
TENURE 01' OFFICE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Ilouse
amendment to the tenure-of-office bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 453) regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices, which was to strike out-in the first sec-
tion ol the bill the words "excepting the Sec-
retaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of the
Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, this bill con-
cerns the power of the President of the United
States to remove from office those who have
been appointed by him with the advice and
consent of the Senate. That power is not
derived from the Constitution. By the Consti-
tution of the United States the President has no
more right to remove such an officer than he
has to buteKer him: not a whit. And I will
tell you how I know it; for T assert it as much
as a matter of fact as I do as a matter of law.
I know it because I have read in the Constitu-
tion itself the enumeration of the powers which
are granted to the President, and this is not
among them ; and there is nothing among them
which bears the slightest similitude or likeness
to the power in question. And to convince
the Senate of that, if the Senate care anything
about that, I propose to read this enumeration
of powers. It is said:
"The President shall bo Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of tiio
militia of the several States, when called into the
actual service of the United States."
There is nothing in that bearing the slight-
est similitude to the power in question.
"lie may require the opinion, in writing, of the
principal officer in each of tho Executive Depart-
ments upon any subject routing to tile dutiosot their
respective ofUoCb."
To require a written opinion upon any sub-
ject from an officer of tho Government is a
very different thing from dismissing the officer
from the public employ.
"lie shall have power to grant reprieves and par-
dons for offenses against tlic United States, except in
cases of impeachment.
" lie shall have power, by and with tho advice and
consent of tho Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of tho Senators present concur; and ho
shall nominate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all oilier officers of the United States
of such inferior officer^ as they think pioperin the
President alone, iu tho courts of law, or in the heads
of Department^.
"Tho President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of tho
Semite, by granting commist-ions which shall expire
at(tho end of their next session.
"He shall from time to time give to tho Congress
information of tho state ot the Union, and recommend
to their consideration such measures as he shall judge
necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary
occasions, convene both Houses, or cither of them,
and in case of disagreement between them, with
respcct to the time of adjournment, lie may adjourn
them to such time as he shall think proper; he shall
receive embassadors and other public ministers ; ho
shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed,
and shall commission all the olficers of tho United
States."
There is an enumeration of the powers which
by the Constitution are vested in the Presi-
dent, an enumeration of the whole of them. As
I said before, this power to remove from office
is not there, and nothing in the likeness of
that power is there ; and because I do not find
it there, I say, as I said before, that the Presi-
dent has not that power in the Constitution.
But that is not the only reason why I say
this power is not conferred upon him by the
Constitution. I find by reading the Constitu-
tion precisely where this power of removal is
vested by that instrument. By reading the
fourth section of this same article, article two,
you find where this power of removal is vested.
That section declares that—
" Tho President, Vice President, and all civil
officers oi> the United States shall be removed from
oflice on impeachment for, and conviction of, trea-
son, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors.
There is where the power of removal is. It
is in the court of impeachment, and by this
instrument it is nowhere else. The Constitu-
tion, 1 say to you as a fact, left the power to
remove a postmaster precisely where it left the
power to remove a judge, and nowhere else;
and why did it do this ? For a good reason.
The Constitution of the United States intended
that mon living under it should bo free men,
that, conduct should be free, above all that
opinion should be free; and they meant that
this freedom should be enjoyed as much by the
men who hold oflice as by the men who do not
hold office; and therefore every office that the
Constitution created had assigned to it a fixed
term, and every incumbent of such an office
was exempt from this summary power of re-
moval. The President has a fixed term; and
you cannot remove him but through the court
of impeachment. The Vice President has a
fixed term. The judges have a fixed term of
oflice. Representatives and Senator^ in Con-
gress havo sc\erally fixed terms assigned to
their offices ; and although if was designed that
Representatives and Senators should bo pri-
marily the advocates, not so much of their own
opinions as of the opinions of their constituents,
yet it was not provided that there should be a
summary power of removal of even these offi-
cers by their constituencies. They may fail or
refuse to represent the views of their constitu-
ents, and yet for the time being during tho con-
tinuance of their term they are independent of
the power of their constituents.
But, Mr. President, the framers of the Con-
stitution could not foresee fill the officers who
might be required to administer this great
Government of ours. They actually created
but few offices. They left the work of creating
others which might be found necessary to the
legislative department of the Government. I
think the framers of that Constitution supposed
that the legislative department would imitate
their example, and so often as they created a
new oflico would fix the term of it and secure
to the incumbent of it an estate in it during
the existence of the term, and leave him inde-
pendent in that office, subject to removal only
by the intervention of that great tribunal which
can remove a President, a Vice President, or
a judge.
But it so happens that the very first office
created after the Government was instituted
was that first called the Department of Foreign
Affairs and now called the Department of
State, created during the first session of the
Eirst Congress which assembled under our
Constitution. I find it was the fourth act
enacted by that body. I regret to say that
that Legislature did not follow the example set
by the Constitution, did not assign to that
office a fixed term, did not secure the indepen-
dence of the incumbent for a day. The lan-
guage of that act is very peculiar and extraor-
dinary. I read only the second scction. The
second section is as follows:
"Thatlhcre shall be in tho said Department an
-inferior olriccr.to be appointed by tho said principal
officer, and to bo employed therein as he shall deem
proper, and to be called the chief clerk in the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affuiis, and who, whenever tho said
principal officer shall be removed from office by the
President of the United States, or in any other ease
of vacancy, shall, duiins such vacancy, havo the
charge and custody of all record-?, hooks, and papers
appertaining to the said Department."
_ The purpose of that section apparently is
simply to determine who shall have charge of
the office in case of vacancy ; but into this
section is injected terms which made the in-
cumbent tho mere creature of the President,
and limited the duration of his term to the
pleasure of the President. It was not iu the
terms of grant, because to have employed
terms of grant would have been a plain denial
that the Constitution did grant that power to
