1867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
treason upon their souls. I know that a large
portion of my countrymen have acted madly
and unwisely and raised the standard of revo-
lution; but, sir, the noblest spirits to which
She world ever gave birth have done so in times
.before. Men may act unwisely, men may act
madly, but they may act conscientiously; and
though they may act unwisely and madly it
does not follow that thereby they have incurred
the guilt of the greatest crime known among
men. There may be, and there are, bad men
and bad citizens in every State of the Union,
but they are not confined to any one State nor
to any one section of this country. Tell me
not, sir, that north of the Potomac and the
Ohio there resides all the love of country and
all the spirit of patriotism to which this coun-
try has given birth. Tell me not that north of
those streams all are perfect angels in purity
and the devoted admirers and lovers of civil
and constitutional liberty, and that south of
those streams, down to the Rio Grande and
the Gulf, there are none but traitors. Sir, I
believe in no such inhuman doctrine; neither
does the law countenance any such doctrine;
neither do the teachings of the fathers support
any such doctrine. That in that struggle
there may have been individual men who
incurred the guilt of treason I am not going to
question; but that the great mass of the people
over whom these governments de facto were
established, by yielding obedience to the au-
thority of the particular government under
which they lived incurred the guilt of treason
I never have believed, and I do not believe
to-day.
I regret as much as any man the attempt they
made to sever their connection with the Federal
Government. It not only brought ruin and
wretchedness upon themselves; it not only
wasted and desolated their fair habitations, de-
priving them of the comforts, to say nothing of
the e'egancies of life, but, sir, to us of the bor-
dei Slates, who did not follow their example,
but who remained true and firm to the old Gov-
ernment, it brought distress and misery. It
gave the pretexts to a party which had lately
comeinto power to invoke necessity as the great
law of government, to arrest by the strong arm
of power, and to drag into forts and bastiles
innocent and unoffending men for the gratifi-
cation of party spirit and to perpetuate the
political party in power. But, sir, though it
brought more distress upon the people of my
State than it did upon the States of gentlemen
further removed, yet I should be ashamed of
myself if I could on that account harbor any
resentment or any indulgence of malice, charg-
ing millions of my countrymen with the crime
of treason. It is true they have no represent-
ative on this floor to speak for them. I come,
it is true, from my own State to join in the public
councils ; but when I cast my eye across yonder
stream and know that there are not only brave
and honest men, but women and innocent chil-
dren inhabiting its soil, I will not remain silent
when I hear the whole mass of that people, or
any great portion of them, charged with being
guilty of treason.
Mr. President, it is time, high time, that
wholesale accusations like these had ceased
to be made. They can subserve no public
good. They will not rekindle and renew the
warmth of affection which ought to exist be-
tween the people of this whole country. God
knows we have had strife enough, suffering
enough, misery enough, wretchedness enough.
And now, when the country is dissevered by
your acts, or kept dissevered at least, I hope
that the utterances of such wholesale denun-
ciation will cease. No, sir; rather throw open
your legislative halls _to the representatives of
a people who are anxious to get back under
the protection of the old national flag and in
communion with their brethren of other States.
Instead of these denunciations let it go forth,
" You are not to be taxed without representa-
tion, but taxing you we open our doors to your
people,'' and one shout of joy will go up through-
out the length and breadth of this laud from
every true Union and conservative man. Even
the ltttle children will join with their fathers
and mothers in invoking the blessings of Al-
mighty God lfpon your heads. Do it, sir, and
where the war has caused desolation there shall
spring up flowers of loveliness and beauty; the
aching heart shall be made glad; the despond-
ing soul will take hope; and hereafter we will
march on together to a common destiny of
national glory and renown, a united, prosper-
ous, and happy people. Thus united we need
fear no enemy from without, and if we be true
to ourselves we shall have no enemy from
within.
Mr. President, I have made these remarks
more extended than I intended, because I
offered the amendment proposing to repeal the
whole bill of 1862. That bill treats the whole
of these people as traitors, and proposes to con-
fiscate the property of every man among them
on the ground that he is a traitor from having
been engaged either actively or submissively in
the late civil war. Entertaining the opinion as
I do, that such is not the fact, that such is not
their condition, I have offered the amendment.
I refer to no individual cases; I refer not to
the case of Mr. Jefferson Davis, because I have
always held that the mention of his case in the
Senate of the United States, he being under
arrest, and subject to trial, is improper, that he
ought to have an opportunity, if he should be
brought to trial, to go before a jury of his own
country without prejudice, and without thejury
and the judge being told beforehand what the le-
gislativedcpartmentofthe Government expects
them to do in the case. I have confined my
remarks to the great mass of the southern peo-
ple. I say that law, justice, humanity, every
noble consideration which can promote or con-
trol the action of wise legislators should lead to
the repeal of this act.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was
first brought to the attention of the Senate the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] de-
manded its passage upon a charge which he
made against the executive department of sell-
ing pardons in this city, and he expressed him-
self very strongly indeed upon that subject.
He said:
"'Mr. President, it is a notorious fact, as notorious
as the records ot a court, that pardons have been for
sale around this town, for sale by women, and more
than one woman. The records of your court in the
District of Columbia show this."
And he then went on to say that he spoke
upon the authority of one of the judges of the
court in this District. After that statement
had been so deliberately made by him the
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixox] gave
it a very emphatic and square denial. The
Senator from Michigan stated that it was ne-
cessary to repeal the section in order to take
away from the President the power of pardon,
and thus to remove a reproach from our Gov-
ernment. I could not see in the law the reason
for his position. I could not see, after the
denial of the statement made by him and on
the question of his authority that the facts
justified him. But certainly he owed it to him-
self, he owed it to the judges of the court, to
say precisely upon what authority ho made the
statement, for it was a very grave one.
This section only authorized a pardon by
proclamation. Now, I think, when .the Sena-
tor reflects a moment, he will not assume that
any pardon by proclamation has been procured
by any improper means. I suppose he referred
to individual pardons, and meant to suggest that
persons had received compensation for their ser-
vices in procuring the pardon of individuals. I
hardly suppose that the Senator intended to be
understood as charging that any proclamation
had been procured by bribery. I never heard
anything of the sort intimated, and I never
heard that any question of the kind was be-
fore any court in the District of Columbia.
If any such question was before the court,
then, sir, I think we ought to know in what
case, upon what record, upon what evidence
it is stated that the President of the United
States, under this thirteenth section, ever is-
sued a proclamation upon improper and cor-
rupt considerations. This section sinrr'y pro-
vides for pardon by proclamation, with a view
to the adjustment of the troubles in the coun-
try, so as to hold out to the southern people
an inducement to return to their allegiance
to the Government and their obedience to the
laws, certainly a very proper purpose, justify-
ing the action of Congress in its enactment;
but what bribery can be charged as having been
committed under this section? I think it iadae
to the other judges of the court that we should
know what judge has undertaken- to make sueh
a charge against the'executive department of
the Government. But, sir, I am not going to
discuss that at length. I had supposed the Sen-
ator would have produced the evidence, and I
think it would fail—I cannot but believeit would
fail—to establish that under this section of the
law any improper motive had ever governed
the President of the United States.
I object to the repeal of this section for bat
one reason. It will be understood in the coun-
try as an expression, by Congress against  
conciliatory course toward the southern States.
It will be understood as an expression by Con-
gress of its opinion that there ought not to be
pardon extended to the people of the South,
and that the policy which was understood (o
have been adopted by Mr. Lincoln before his
death, and the policy which was subsequently
pursued by Mr. Johnson as President of the
United States in extending pardons was an
improper policy. I do not wish to have it
understood that Congress shall express any
such opinion. My judgment is, that amnesty
is the proper course and policy to be pursued
with a view to the permanent restoration of the
Union and of the relation of the States to the
Union.
What is accomplished by repealing this sec-
tion? Nothing in law. 'Ihe Senator from
Illinois, able as he is, has been unable to show
that in law anything is accomplished by the
repeal of this section, for the simple reason
that Ihe section does not enlarge the powers
of the President. As has been so elaborately
and so ably shown by the Senator from Mary-
land, the President possesses the pardoning
power generally, and can exercise this power
by such means as to him may seem proper, not
inconsistent with the other provisions of the
Constitution. He has the power to pardon
generally, whether by a special grant to an
individual, or by proclamation, if, in his judg-
ment, the circumstances of the country shall
require such a proclamation. I do not under-
stand the Senator from Illinois to question
now the power of the President to pardon by
proclamation; and is it not the better way? Is
it not better that the President shall pardon by
classes rather than that the executive office
shall be besieged by individuals who seek
special pardons ?
Mr. TRUMBULL.' As it is not my inten-
tion to speak upon this subject, and an in-
ference might be drawn from the remarks of
the Senator from Indiana, that I conceded the
authority of the President to pardon by general
proclamation, I desire simply to say that I do
not concede it. I did not iuteiid entering upon
the discussion to-day of that question ; I had
previously said all I desired to say upon it; but
the Senator from Indiana is not warranted in
assuming that I do not question the authority
of the President in that regard to the same
extent which I questioned it the other day. I
have heard nothing to change the views which
I expressed when this bill was called up some
days since.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not hear all that
the Senator said the other day on this subject,
but I had understood him not to dispute the
power. Perhaps I stated his position too
strongly. I think it cannot well be questioned,
as one of law, that the President does possess
the power to pardon classes of citizens by proc-
lamation. If that be conceded—and I will
not undertake to add to the argument of the
Senator from Maryland on that subject—then
why repeal this section ? The repeal of the
section will not take from the President any
