1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
the President.' If it had been the judgment
of that Congress that the Constitution con-
ferred this power of removal upon the Pres-
ident, then they would have said nothing about
his being removed by the President, but they
would have employed the ordinary terms and
have said that in case of resignation, death, or
vacancy occasioned by other cause, the chief
clerk should have charge of the Department.
But the members of that Congress knew it
would not do to employ that language, because
they knew that the Constitution had conferred
no such power on the President to create a
vacancy, and they meant to inject this power
into this statute, and yet avoid the use of lan-
fuage which would amount to an express grant.
do not hesitate to say that that is a dishonest
statute. There were not men enough in that
Congress who believed the Constitution gave
this power to the President to affirm that
doctrine ; there were not men enough in that
Congress who thought the President ought to
have the power to grant it to him; and they
combined the two ideas, they combined the
two factions, those who thought or pretended
to think that the Constitution gave the power
to the President, and those who thought the
President ought to have the power, and com-
promised, by the use of the language which I
have read to you.
Mr. President, I say that is a dishonest
statute, and I say further, that that very cow-
ardly and skulking statute has done more to
debauch American politics and American life
than any other one cause; and I seriously doubt
if it has not done more than all other causes
combined; for that is the parent of this whole
doctrine. Tt all sprung from that little source.
Following upon this cowardly precedent have
come all those statutes which have relinquished
the whole control of the immense patronage
belonging to this Government to the President
of the United States.
The effect of this has been most disastrous
everywhere and upon everybody. Office-hold-
era, the subordinates of the President, have
been reduced to a sort of spanielism that is
contemptible to behold anywherg. You see
it everywhere. I do not mean that you see it
in every ollice-holdor. I thank my God and
congratulate the country that we have- gradu-
ally, in spite of this, educated up a class of
men who love principle, who love individual
honor, and who lov^ the public welfare'oven
better than they love office ; and we have seen
a host of them during the last sad twelve
months laid upon the altar because they did
love principle, honor, and country better than
office; but in their places have come a host
of these very tools to whom I referred, who
love office and placc and emoluments better
than (hey love honor, better than they love
principle, better than they love country,"better
tljan they love all put together.
You saw and you road and you heard a great
deal of the movements of what were called the
departmental clubs organized here out of mere
office-holders in the city of Washington during
the last political canvass. You have seen an-
other consequence growing out of this: you
have seen men, good men, men who would not
change their principles to hold on to an office,
but would cushion them, stifle them, men who
would not give up a conviction, but would hold
on to it and keep still over it. And you have seen
another class of men: you have seen a class of
men who were all things to all men, who were
always in agreement with the very man or the
very society they were talking with and con-
ferring with on both sides of all questions.
1 hat is the effect of this system upon men
holding ofuce; but upon men outside, men
who do not hold office, it has had a most dis-
astrous effect, a most demoralizing tendency.
You have, all of you, seen it during last sum-
mer. Office has been employed, patronage
has been employed during the last summer in
a way that it was never employed before, and
for purposes for which, perhaps, it was never
employed before, not as the reward of a party,
but foe the purpose of purchasing reenforee-
ments for a party. Offices have hesn h^ld out
as baits in every community to induce men to
betray their convictions, to desert one party
and to adhere to another.
Whoever has practiced the profession of an
angler knows very well that the moment he
drops his bait and hook into the water it will
be surrounded by a school of fish, larger or
smaller, nimbler or more lubberly, all striving
to get the bait, and all anxious to avoid the
hook. The struggle is to get the bait if they
can without taking the hook, while the effort
of the angler is to get a fish when he loses his
bait; sometimes the bait goes and no fish is
caught; sometimes a lubber gets hold of the
hook and is drawn to shore. You have seen
that process enacted over and over again in
every community in the United States during
the past summer where you have been. Every
one of these offices has been held out as a bait,
and you have seen a little school, a very small
number I admit, of politicians gathered around
it; every one of them manifestly animated by
the desire to get the office if he could without
giving up his principles, without giving up his
party associations, his party affiliations, but
determined to get the office. Some very shrewd
and active ones ran off with the office and did not
give up their party associations ; but some more
clumsy fellows took the offices, took the prin-
ciples, took the conditions, and were landed on
the President's policy. But, then, that is not a
happy state of things in American society nor
in any other society. It is not a state of affairs
which ought to be perpetual, which anybody
ought to be ambitious to perpetuate. It is one
which I am not ambitious of perpetuating.
But, Mr. President, while it has had this
effect upon subordinates in office, this dis-
astrous effect upon society generally, it has
had a more evil tendency still, I think, upon
the office of the President himself. It has
made the President, instead of an honest and
faithful and laborious servant of the American
people, the captain of a great band, numbering
from thirty to forty thousand office-holders;
not merely the captain of that great band, but
the confessor to it, the man—or the priest, if
you please—to whom they go, regularly or
irregularly, to make confession of faith, and I
dare say of conduct also.
Mr. President, in the earlier and happier
days of the Republic the questions asked
about an aspirant for office were: is he hon-
est? is he faithful? is ho capable? Those
questions are no longer put to anybody. The
only question put now is : does he support the
President's policy?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him one question just there?
Mr. HOWE, Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to know of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin whether
those were the only questions put to appli-
cants for office under the administration of
Mr. Lincoln?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, those were
the only questions put during the administra-
tion of Mr. Lincoln, so far as I know the
catechism. After Mr. Lincoln was inaugu-
rated, it is within my recollection, and I dare
say within the recollection of the Senator from
Delaware—no; I beg to correct myself; these
were not the only questions put. There was
one other question put, and I do not know but
that was the main question; I do not know
but that even these were sometimes left out of
the catechism. _ The great question put during
the administration of Mr. Lincoln was, "Is
he loyal to the flag and the Constitution of his
country?" And if that was answered in the
affirmative, preferments were open to all men
alike, according to their ability to fill them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other question,
and I will not trouble the Senator further.
Does the honorable Senator mean to be un-
derstood to say here in the Senate that all the
removals, or any considerable portion of them,
made by Mr. Lincoln in the States which had
never assumed to secede were removals of dis-
loyal men, men not true to the Government?
Mr. HOWE. I mean to say as a matter
within my own knowledge tho.t from the time
the rebellion was inaugurated it was useless
for us in the West to assign as a cause for re-
moval that a man had voted for Douglas or
for Bell or for Breckinridge or for anybody
against Mr. Lincoln. If the fact-were found
to be, that in spite of his party affiliations dur-
ing the fall before, in the spring and after the
standard of revolt was raised he was then un-
der the flag and willing to defend it, he was
safe in his office so far as Mr. Lincoln was
concerned. But before that time undoubtedly
there were a great many removed from office
by Mr. Lincoln for the reason that they had
not supported Mr. Lincoln's election; and I
find no fault with that. I find no fault with
such an exercise of patronage as that at any
time. When the two great parties of the
country make up their issue and go to the
people upon it, if the people decide in favor
of one set of measures and against another I
concede their right to have not only a President
who is in favor of their system and of their
measures, but the right to have a postmaster,
and the right to have collectors, and the right
to have assessors and Indian agents, and all
kinds of civil employes of their way of thinking.
I find no spccial fault with that doctrine,
which I believe has been preached only for
thirty or forty years, that to the victors belong
the spoils; but the victory which entitles a man
or a party to the spoils is a victory which is
achieved by the assent of the American people;
it is not a victory which is attained by desertion.
If General Grant, instead of moving on the
lines of General Lee before Richmond had
moved over and joined the rebel forces, T do
not think that would have been such a victory
over the Federal flag as would have authorized
Grant's troops to plunder his own camp : and
when a President leaves the party which
elected him and goes over to the party which
refused to elect him, I do not think that is one
of those heroic victories which authorizes him
to turn over the patronage of the country to
the few followers who gather about him.
The employment of this patronage has had
the effect, not merely to change the character,
but to change the very occupations of the
President. By law he is the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States; but you 110 longer see your President
employed in studying the art of war. He is
the organ of the American nation in commu-
nicating with other nations and potentates of
the earth ; but you no longer see the President
employed in studying international law. He
is the head of the nation; he knows that the
nation is staggering under a load of debt; he
knows that it is oppressed as it never has been
oppressed before ; but you,do not see the Presi-
dent employing his time in the study of sys-
tems of finance or systems of labor or systems
of economy. He has no time for these things.
His time is absorbed in weighing the relative
merits of rival candidates for a collectorship
or for a post office.
But, sir, it has had a worse effect than either
of these, perhaps than all of these, upon the
President. It has gone very far to drag him
out of the sphere to> which the Constitution
assigned him, and to plant him in the very
sphere which the Constitution denied to him
and assigned to the Congress of the United
States. He is no longer content with the labor
of executing the American will and enforcing
American law. The President seems to be
mainly ambitious of making American law and
of dictating to the American will. The bold-
est attempt (though not the first, I am obliged
to admit,) we have ever seen of this we have
seen within the past year and a half and dur-
ing the Administration of the present Presi-
dent. You have seen the President enter
boldly upon the field of legislation. You
have seen him go into ten great American
communities, which he says are States, which
had the lineaments of States, which had gov-
ernments over them; you have seenJiim de-
liberately take those organizations all to pieces,
