1867.
TIES CONGRESSIONAL GtLOBEL
viding at the last session for an allotment of
the judges of the-Supreme Court so that the
circuit courts could be held, I desire to say that
it seems to me that the law is very'specific on
that point, and I beg leave to read it.
" That on every appointment which Shall be here-
after made of a chief-justice or associate justice, the
saitl chief justice ana associate justices shall allot
themseLres among the aforcsajd: circuits as they shall
think fit, and shall enter such allotment on record.
Arid in case no such allotment shall bemado by them
at their session next succeeding Such appointment,
and also after the appointmehiof any judge,asafore-
said, and before any allotment shall have been made,
it shall and may be'lawful for the President of the
United- States' to make such allotment as he shall
deem proper, which allotment made in either case
shall be binding until another allotment shall be
made."
Then a subsequent section provides that the
attendance of two justices of the Supreme Court,
may he required to hold a oircnit court by an
order of the court. It seems that the court
would have to be together and eiiter upon the
record their allotment, but in case no allot-
ment is made then the President of the United
States has authority to allot the judges, which
holds good until a new allotment is made by
the court. It seems to me that thei-e is no
obstacle whatever in the way of the judges
assigning themselves to the' respective circuits
under the law as it stands, and in case of a
failure of the judges to do it, the authority in
the President to do it is ample.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware as a substitute for the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon the passage of the
bill I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Hen-
derson, Howard, IIowe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan,
Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Boss, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle, Hendricks, John-
son, Norton, Patterson, and Saulsbury—7.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew,
Cowan, Davis, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, McDougall, Nesmith. Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Sprague, Van Win kin, and Yates—18.
So the bill was passed.
adjournment to monday.
On the motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
iioose bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) author-
izing the Secretary of War to transfer certain
property to the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteers, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
printing of bankrupt bill.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution yesterday
submitted by Mr. Poland, reported it without
amendment, and it was agreed to as follows:
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of
House bill No. 598, and the amendments thereto pro-
posed by the Committee on tho Judiciary, bo printed
lor the use of the Senate.
the tenure of office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to postpone the
present, if there is a present order, as I believe
there is, and all prior orders, to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 453, to regu-
late the tenure of offices.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not designed, I
understand, to go on with the bill to-night; I
therefore move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Mr. WADE. Will you withdraw that motion
for a moment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. I believe that the Committee
on the Judiciary have charge of the House bill
fixing the time for the holding of the sessions
of the next Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It hag been reported to'
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me that it is import-
ant that that bill should be taken up and dis-
posed of at a very early day, so that some of
the States that do not ordinarily elect in time-
to participate in the proposed first session of
the next Congress may„hav,e an opportunity
to change, if necessary, their ordinary time or
electing so- as to conform to our new law. I
barely now wish to call attention to it so that
it may not be overlooked. It seems to me it
is important to act upon it at an early day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can say in reply to the
Senator from Ohio that the bill was reported
back by the committee before the recess, and'
it is in the Senate, subject to be taken up at
any time. It was in the particular charge of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris:,]
who is not in his seat to-day.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I only wished to
call attention to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, January 4, 18&7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boystos.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to malte a report
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
that no business was to be done to-day.
The SPEAKER. No vote is to be taken
to-day.
Mr" WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No vote
on any subject?
The SPEAKER. The unanimous order of
the House was that no vote should be taken
to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On any
subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
report is in order.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, then reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1868 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tho Union, made the special
order for Monday next, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
reserve the right to raise points of order on
that bill in Committee of the Whole as in the
House.
The SPEAKER. That right is reserved.
fortification bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special
order for Wednesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I reserve
the right to raise points of order on that bill as
in the House.
The SPEAKER. The right will be re-
served.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have a definite understanding about this
matter of business, as some gentlemen seem to
have been misled. The report in the Globe,
which certainly misled mc, says that by unani-
mous consent a proposition was submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that to-
morrow and the next day be devoted to debate,
and that no vote be taken on those days.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the report in the Globe is taken from two prop-
ositions made: one proposition was that noth-
ing but debate should be in order; afterward
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashi by] sug-,
gested that the agreement be that no vat®
should be taken. f
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As I understand
the agreement, no vote is to be taken on the
reconstruction bill before the House or upon
any important measure. We have probably
no quorum here. But I understood that reso-
lutions and bills could be introduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
had better have the understanding made more
clear, that no business shall be done except of
a formal character.
. Mr. SCHENCK. I must object to any such;
understanding, for I am about to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to pass a bill to-
day, the necessity of which the gentleman from,
Illinois will at once see.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman objeet: 
the Chair will decide that thegentleman'sprop-
osition cannot be entertained.
election of senators in congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a bill, which I send to the desk. Sen-
ators have advised me that they will be pre-
pared to act upon it if they get it to-day, I
ask leave to offer the bill now aid that it b®
read.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
to regulate the times and manner of holding
elections for Senators in Congress, approval
July 25, 1866, shall be so construed that when
the meeting and organization of the Legisla-
ture of any State takes place on a Tuesday,
then the second Tuesday after such meeting
and organization shall be held to be the four-
teenth day thereafter.
Mr. NIBLACK. I object.
payment of public debt.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Whereas the people of the United States have
paid more than 6200,000,000 of the public debt during
the last fifteen months and are now toiling under an
unprecedented burden of taxation; and whereag the
population of the country duplicates in twenty-one
years, after the lapse of which term there will be
two men to contribute to the public debt as often is
there is one now; and whereas the credit of the Gov-
ernment is so firmly established that its securities
are eagerly sought for in every part of the world:
Thcreforo,
Be it resolved. That the people ought not for the
present to be further or any longer taxed to raise
money for the reduction of the principal of the public
debt.
first collection district of illinois.
Mr. WENTWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to communicate to this House tho sunount
of internalrevenue collected m the first collection dis-
trict of Illinois for each month in the year I860, and the
amount of penalties assessed against any one person
or firm or company in such district, with the amount
remitted by the Department at Washington in each
case, specifying the instances where the remittance
has been made upon the recommendation of any
particular officer or officers in sa,id district.
treatment of fiieedmen'.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, presented a paper containing
statements of officers of the Bureau ofRefugees,
Preedmen, and Abandoned Lands, concerning
the treatment of freedmen in Arkansas c-nd the
Indian Territory; which was referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction, and or-
dered to be printed.
duties on sugar, molasses, etc.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rexohetl, That the Committee of Ways and Me™
be instructed to inquire into the ozi edi£ficy of so
