1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ors might consult the cashier or demand his
opinion about the management of the bank?
You do not want such provisions as these for
consulting men whose offices are held at your
pleasure. The power of removal secures all
this, and, unhappily for our country, it secures
a groat deal more than this which ought never
to be secured.
Then, Mr. President, I do insist, not merely
as a matter of law, as I said, but as a matter
of fact, that the Constitution never designed
to create these relations between the Presi-
dent and these heads of Departments. They
are not there for any purpose of cl ose and con-
fidential communication or counsel with the
President. They are there not as the tools of
an Executive, but they were designed to stand
there as ministers of the state. Will you not
consent to place them in the character of min-
isters of state, clothe them with the preroga-
tives of ministers of state, and secure them
the independence which every minister of
state demands for the protection and for the
welfare of the Republic ?
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fbssendejt]
argued that the Constitution charged the Presi-
dent with the duty of seeing that the laws were
faithfully executed, and therefore that he must
have this power of summary removal in order
to secure a prompt obedience and cooperation
on the part of his subordinates, that these
heads of Departments were created for the.
purpose of aiding him in the execution of the
laws, and unless he was clothed' with this
power of summary removal they might become
refractory and refuse to give him that prompt
aid which he demanded. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, a Secretary of the Treasury is no more an
aid to the President in executing the laws than
is the collector of customs in Now York. The
Postmaster General is no more an aid to the
President in executing the laws than is the
deputy postmaster at the confederate Cross-
roads. I am not entirely sure, though, that
he is a real functionary of the Government.
Mr. BROWN. He has not been confirmed
yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. My friend says he has not been
confirmed yet. I had come to think of him as a
real character, and to respect him very much
as I respect all the rest ot the office-holders.
The Postmaster General, I say, is no more aid
to the President in executing the laws than is
every deputy postmaster. And if it be neces-
sary that the President should have this power
of summary removal to secure prompt obedi-
ence, then you ought to give him this power not
merely over the principal officers, but you
ought to give him this power over all the offi-
cers. You ought not to concur with the House
in the amendment they have made; and you
ought to rescind the bill you have enacted, re-
consider the vote which you have taken, and
leave this power in the hands of the President
over every one of these offices. Cut I stand
here to deny that any such power is necessary.
I stand here to deny that that power is ever
exerted for any such purpose. No, I will not
go so far as to deny that it is ever exerted for
that purpose. Some men may have been re-
moved, undoubtedly have been removed, from
office for a neglect of duty; but while one
officer has been removed for neglect of duty a
thousand and ten thousand faithful men have
been removed from office who had neglected
no duty in the world. This power of summary
removal is not employed for the purpose of
regulating official conduct; it is employed and
used—the Senate, the American people, the
world,^ God knows—for the purpose of regulat-
ing official opinion.
Mr. President, you do not clothe the gen-
eral in the field with the power summarily to
dismiss from his commission any subordinate
of his. Is it not as essential to the success of
the battle that the general should have prompt
obedience on the part of every one of his sub-
ordinates as it is that the President should have
thus prompt obedience on the part of his sub-
ordinates'? No man will deny it. Why do you
clothe the President with this most extraordi-
nary and monstrous demoralizing power, and
withhold it from the general intrusted with the
fate of armies as well as of nations, and who
needs it so much more? That is not the rea-
son why the power is given to him. It is not
the purpose for which it is employed.
Mr. President, in many of the States, in the
State in which I live, I believe that every offi-
cer of the State, with the exception of nota-
ries public, is clected by the people of the
State or by the people of the locality, elected
for a specified term, and during that term he
cannot be dismissed from that employment
except upon a sort of impeachment, not an
impeachment before the Senate, but an im-
peachment before the Executive of the State,
just such an impeachment as your bill pro-
vides for leaving in the hands of the President
of the United States, and which is abundant
for the purpose of securing official good con-
duct.
It was intimated the other day, if not as-
serted, that this amendment of the House of
Representatives was pressed upon ns, it was
intimated that I pressed it, because of the
present anomalous condition of affairs, and 1
was reminded that it might not always be so,
that it was not reasonable to suppose that
the present President of the United States
would always be President. I said then, and
I wish to repeat now, that my advocacy of this
provision is not grounded at all upon the fact
that I do not accord with the policy or the
conduct of the present President of the United
States. Let who may be President, I should
still say this was the true rule ; I should still
say you could not have the best and most
efficient public service while political opinions
instead of public service is the criterion of fit-
ness for office. Our present position is indeed
peculiar. The President is of one way of
thinking, the Senate is of another way of
thinking; hut suppose that in 1868, as no
doubt will be the case, the American people
shall put into the presidential chair a man in
accord with you. The President then elected,
although he will have in the statute the author-
ity to remove summarily without the consent
of the Senate, will never do it, and you know
it. Practically he will not have the power;
nominally he will. A President whose friends
control the Senate will never undertake to re-
move an officer without the consent of the
Senate. It never is done where the President
and the Senate arc in accord with each other.
When, therefore, you get, as you will, a Pres-
ident in harmony with the American Congress,
and in harmony with the American people, this
statutory power, for which the Senator from
Vermont contends, will be of no practical use
whatever, because it will not be exercised.
But suppose, against all rational probabili-
ties, that at the election of 1868, 1872, or 1870
—I think that it is best to postpone it a great
while—suppose that in the course of time the
condition of parties should bo reversed, and
suppose it should happen that the Senator from
Vermont should find a Senate here opposed to
him and a President in harmony with him.
Then perhaps he thinks he would like to have
a President for partfsan purposes clothed with
this power of summary removal. If he thinks
so, I think he is mistaken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think so.
Mr. HOWE. I am glad to hear him disavow
that opinion. When that time comes that
power of removal in the hands of the Presi-
dent will not be worth a fig to any party, be-
cause whenever your enemies, whenever those
gallant gentlemen who now occupy seats on
the other side of this Chamber, shall be secured
possession of the Government, shall be rein-
forced by members which shall enable them to
make laws and to confirm appointments, you
will find them actuated by a spirit very differ-
ent from what seems to actuate us. The power
to remove an officer is worth nothing to any
party uuless it is accompanied by the power to
fill the place with the man yon want, with a
better man. Sir, I do not speak from tho spirit
of prophecy: I am instructed by history. In
1860 we elected a man who was in accord with
us, but we had not a Congress in aceord wifh
him. Such a Congress was secured by seces-
sion, not by election. Suppose those gentle-
men who left the Senate of the United States
to enter into the service of the confederacy
had seen fit to stay here, do you think Presi-
dent Lincoln could have removed a Democrat
from office and appointed a Republican ? Let
me remind the Senate of what the present
President of the United States thought was
the duty of his party friends on just such an
occasion. He was in that Senate: he voted
against the election of Mr. Lincoln; he ap-
pealed to his party friends not to leave the
American Senate, to fighttheir battles inside the
Senate and inside the Constitution, inside the
Union, as he called it. He exhorted them by
every consideration which ought to have been
addressed to them, and, as I think, by a great
many considerations which never ought to have
been addressed to them. But one of the argu-
ments he presented was this; he said to them:
"X am for abiding by the Constitution; and in
abiding by it 1 want to maintain and retain my
glace here, and put down Mr. Lincoln, and drive back
is advances upon southern institutions, if he designs
to make any. Have we not got the brakes in our
hands? Have we notgot the power? We have. Let
South Carolina send her Senators back; let all the
Senators come; and on the 4th of March next we
shall have a majority of six in this body against him.
This successful sectional candidate, who is in a mi-
nority of a million, or nearly so, on the popular vote,
cannot make his Cabinet on tho 4th of March next
unless this Senate will permit him.
"Am I to be so great a coward as to retreat from
duty? I will stand here and meet tho encroachments
upon the institutions of my country at the threshold;
and as a man, as one that loves my country and my
constituents, I will stand here and resist all encroach-
ments and advances. Here is the place to stand.
Shall I clesert tho citadel and let the enemy come in
and take possession? No. Can Mr. Lincoln send a
foreign minister or even a consul abroad unless he
receives the sanction of theSenate? Can he appoint
a postmaster whose salary is over a thousand dollars
a year without the consent of theSenate? Shall we
desert our posts, shrink from our responsibilities, and
permit Mr. Lincoln to come with his cohorts, as we
consider them, from the North, to carry off every
thing? Are we so cowardly that, now that we aro
defeated, not conquered, we shall do this?"
That was the advice addressed to the Senate
of 1861 by the present President of the United
States, and you are admonished by that that
whenever those gentlemen got possession of
the Senate it is of no consequence that you have
a friend of yours in the executive chair; he will
be powerlessto displace your enemies or to re-
ward your friends. I do not deprecate that.
I do not think any the worse of those gentle-
men, because I know that would be their policy.
I am glad to know of them that whenever they
do get the reins in their hands they will have
courage enough to drive the team. I want to
see so much courage displayed by those who
have the reins in their hands now.
Mr. President, I invoke the Senate to agree
to this amendment of the House of Represent-
atives. It will restore the President of the
United States to the sphere of duty assigned
to him by the Constitutiont it will restore hi3
subordinates to the official labors for which
they were employed. It will transform the
American people, that portion of them who
need the transformation, from a race of office-
seekers to a race of men. It will restore the
public service to what it ought to be. By
every consideration, it seems to me, which could
move a Legislature we are exhorted to agree to
that amendment of the House of Represent-
atives
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the par-
ticular question before the Senate is upon the
amendment to this bill proposed by the House
of Representatives. The bill as it passed the
Senate excepted from its operation the Cab-
inet ministers. That exception the House
have stricken out, and the question before the
Senate is whether we will sanction that change.
I do not know that the question which my
friend from Wisconsin has so elaborately dis-
cussed in the view that he takes of this meas-
ure is to be considered as before the Senate on
this particular amendment. The bill as it
passed the Senate rather affirmed the power
of Congress to take from the President the
