1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
him, however, there is no requirement that any
religions body or any public organization what-
ever shall originally name him.
In a word, sir, this board of inspection is to
be constituted of members, one of whom is to be
specially detailed from the Army by the Secre-
tary of War; the other two members of it are
to bo appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate; and one
of those appointed in the latter manner is to bo
named to the President by the religious socie-
ties of the country.
Now, sir, what were the objects of the ori-
ginal measure as passed by the Senate at the
last session? Those objects were important in
the highest degree, and they were as noble as
they were important. One object of the meas-
ure was to prevent frauds in the management
of our Indian relations, an object which has.
been insisted upon even by those who oppose
this measure in the present debate. A second
object was to prevent Indian wars, to establish
such a system of inspection and management
over our Indian relations that collisions be-
tween the races would not take place, in con-
sequence of which we should be involved in
prolonged and expensive wars on the border.
Both these objects were of a capital and lead-
ing character, and, in the judgment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs when they reported
this measure, they were as necessary to the
welfare of the Indian tribes as to the peace and
security of the border. For there was another
object in this bill, and one that in my opinion
ought to commend the bill to the favor of the
Senate and that was, the encouragement of
civilization and of improvement among the
Indian tribes. Sir, you have a choice here
between the original proposition and the amend-
ment of the House, and that choice consists in
this : you are to choose between the mission-
ary and the soldier ; you are to choose between
Christianity and the sword; you are to choose
between peace, civilization, and humanity on
the one hand, and violence, force, and devasta-
tion on the other.
Sir, I am not one of those who believe that
no Government is possible upon the earth but
one of sheer force, one of violence, one of
brute strength. I believe that humanity, even
in its most depraved condition, under its most
unfavorable aspects, even among savage tribes,
was so constituted by the Author of our being
that it will respond to the appeals of Chris-
tianity and of kindness; that it will respond to
the appeal of the missionary and of the patriot,
when it is made in a proper manner and under
proper auspices ; and that you are not bound,
even in your treatment of such tribes, to send
the sword and the torch among them and
announce a principle of extermination. At
small expense you will extend over an enor-
mous extent of country, not organized into
States, and where Indians are found, a system
of visitation, a system of inspection, a system
of management and control, which, in the
opinion of those who have investigated this
subject, will produce most salutary results iu
saving this Government from expense, in sav-
ing the border from war, and in improving the
mental and moral condition of the Indian
tribes. And, sir, I look upon that feature of
the bill which has been r4o much denounced
to-day, the selection of one member of each
board of inspection from nominees of religious-
societies, as connecting itself with missionary
enterprise, with religious instruction, and with
the progress of civilization among these tribes,
and that it of itself, if we secured nothing else
by this bill, would be invaluable.
There is but one additional point on which I
shall speak. It is obvious that a majority of
the Senate are indisposed to turn over thi3
whole subject to the War Department at this
time, however it may be in the future, after the
subject shaH have undergone debate at a sub-
sequent session of Congress. At present it is
evident from the votes already taken that the
Senate will not turn our Indian administration
over to the control of the War Department.
The practical question, therefore, before us is
between doing nothing and passing the original
bill, matured by the appropriate committee,
and adopted by the Senate heretofore. That
is, you have a choice between entering upon
this proposed reform which bears the character
I have assigned it, and doing nothing, allowing
these alleged abuses of Indian agents, these
imperfections of our present system to go on
without any mitigation or correction whatever
until perhaps a year hence, when you may pos-
sibly take up this subject for renewed discus-
sion. Now, sir, assume that this is an experi-
ment merely, is it not one which invites atrial,
and at all events shall wenot. secure forafuture
session a large body of valuable experience and
information by adopting this bill? In the first
place, you will have from all portions of our
country where the Indians are located a mass
of independent information from these boards
of inspection which you create by this bill.
You will then be enabled to judge better than
you can now judge whether military manage-
ment or civil management is the better system
to adopt for the future. For my part, so far
as I have been able to investigate this subject
and form opinions upon it, I am perfectly will-
ing to try the experiment which has been pro-
posed by the proper committee of this body
and heretofore sanctioned by the vote of the
Senate, and under the circumstances which
now surround us, when the alternative is be-
tween adopting this measure for which we
formerly voted, or doing nothing at all, every
reason in my opinion is in favor of action.
Mr. HOWARD. I am disinclined to adopt
either of the projects now before us. I am
opposed to the bill itself, which was passed by
the Senate on the 10th of March last, and still
more opposed to the substitution for it of the
amendment adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I do not think it is best at this
time to attempt to revolutionize our Indian
system. From the foundation of the Govern-
ment down to 1849 Indian affairs were intrusted
to the supervision and control of the Secretary
of War. That was our ancient system, and we
never departed from that policy until that year,
when the act organizing the Department of the
Interior was passed. The fifth section of that
act declares—
"That the Secretary of the Interior shall exercise
the supervisory and appellate powers now exercised
by the Soeretary of the War Department in relation
to all the acta of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and shall sign all requisitions for tho advancement
or payment of money out of the Treasury, subject to
the same adjustment or control now exercised on sim-
ilar estimates or accounts by the Second Auditor and
Second Comptroller of the Treasury."
That act turned over all the Indian affairs
to the Secretary of the Interior, and since that
time we have been "running tho machine"
under his supervision and care. It is now pro-
posed by the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to reverse this order of things, and
go back to the old system of military control,
and to intrust it to the management of the Secre-
tary of War; and gentlemen urge the adoption
of this amendment of the House of Representa-
tives for the reason, as they insist, that it will
be likely to prevent the occurrence of Indian
wars. According to their prognostications, if
we adopt this amendment, we shall steer clear
of all collisions with the Indian tribes in the
future, or at all events the chances for the
occurrence of Indian wars will be very much
diminished.
How was it before the passage of the act of
1849 and during that period in which the Secre-
tary of War had the same power which it is
now proposed to give him? We had a succes-
sion and an almost continual succession of
Indian wars under the administration of the
War Department, including that most bloody
and expensive performance of the kind known
as the Seminole war, which cost the Govern-
ment of the United States between twenty and
thirty million dollars, if I recollect rightly.
During the same period we had another very
serious Indian disturbance known as a Sac
war, which took place in the then Territory of
Wisconsin and partly in the Territory of Michi-
gan. I might enumerate other collisions of
the same description between the Indian tribes
and the United States under the same regime.
I think that the history of the administration
of our Indian affairs up to 1849 is a warning
to us not again to intrust the Indian affairs to
the control of the military authorities of the
United States. I think, sir, it is unsafe. Mil-
, itary men, or at least that class of military men
who are likely to be sent to the Indians, are,
for the most part, unacquainted with the Indian
character and the Indian habits. They go there
carrying with them all the pride, and, I regret
to say, haughtiness which pertains to their pro-
fession ; and I think you will find, on a careful
inspection of the history of these wars, that
the most of them have been provoked by little
petty interferences and insults on the part of
small military officers who held the Indians in
contempt or did not regard their rights. I
should expect, if this amend ment were adopted,
to see a recurrence of precisely the same thing.
I do not believe that the Indian has such a
respect for the epaulette, or even the sword
of an American officer, as to make hitn more
peacefully inclined in the presence of an officer
than he would be in that of a civilian, and I
am opposed to revolutionizing our system
again.
Congress for very good reasons adopted the
plan of intrusting the administration of Indian
affairs to the Department of the Interior nearly
twenty years ago, and I do not believe that the
country has become dissatisfied with this ar-
! rangement. We have become accustomed to
it. The country is accustomed to it, although
it must be confessed that in this administra-
tion there is undoubtedly a great deal of cor-
ruption and fraud. I do not look for any relief
in this respect by turning the business over to
the Secretary of War. I do not believe that
military men who come in contact with the
Indians are less likely to practice fraud and
imposition upon them than are civilians. I
know no distinction in point of honesty and
commercial honor between a soldier or an offi-
cer and a civilian, and I do not believe it ex-
ists ; while, at the same time, I do believe,
for-1 think history justifies me in the belief,
that these Indian collisions are more frequently
brought about by the impertinence and unjust
interference of military men located among the
Indians. An Indian, perhaps, in his ignorance
of civilized manners, affronts a lieutenant
without intending to injure his feelings and not
knowing that he has done so. The young
gentleman, fresh from West Point, with his
epaulettes bright and clean upon his shoulder
and his sword by his side, whips out the toast-
ing-iron and returns this imaginary insult by a
blow or a stab, and then comes on an Indian
war that costs the Government ten or fifteen
or twenty million dollars. I think that the
history of the past is a warning to us not again
to intrust the management of Indian affairs
to military hands exclusively. I shall vote,
therefore, against concurring in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
I am opposed also to the bill itself to which
this amendment is offered as a substitute,
though I have more respect for that than I
have for the substitute. The Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] is really fruitful
in projects for governing the Indians. I do
not impute to him of course any insincerity,
for I believe him to be actuated by the best of
motives. During the last year he "brought for-
ward a scheme for the government of all the
Indian tribes as one nation, and proposed that
by law they should all be subjected to the laws
and jurisdiction of the United States, that they
should have one or more legislative bodies.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will allow
me to call his attention to the fact that it was
in relation to the organization of the so-called
Indian Territory, and giving them a territorial
government, and then inducing the civilized
tribes of the neighboring States to go into that
Territory. That was the projcct.
Mr. HOWARD. I may be in error as to
the mere details of the Senator's plans ; but I
know the general idea of the Senator was to
