1867.
® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
same; and for the use of the Treasury Department
one thousand copies of the report, and five hundred
copies of the form of bill.
cotton claims.
Mr. WENT WORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate the amount of each cot-
ton claim presented to his Department for payment,
With the names of the claimants, with the amount
allowed upon each claim, stating what ones have
been rejected, what ones are still under" examina-
tion,-and'the total amount already paid upon all the
cotton claims allowed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee agricultural college.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to take up and put on its passage House joint
resolution No. 213, to extend the provisions
of the act in regard to agricultural colleges to
the State of Tennessee.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
president's message.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Housaresolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Garfield in thachair.) and proceeded to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Mercur was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. MERCUR. I am not prepared to go
on to-day, and will yield the floor to any gen-
tleman who is.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I propose to
discuss House bill No. 634, to repeal certain
parts of the act approved April 30, 1790, en-
titled "An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States."
By the act approved April 30, 1790, it is
provided :
" Sec. 1. That if any person or persons owing alle-
giance to the United States of America shall levy
war against them, or shall adhere to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort within the United states
or elsewhere, and shall be thereof convicted on con-
fession in open court or on the testimony of two wit-
nesses to the same overt act of the treason whereof
ho or they shall stand indicted, such person or per-
sons shall be adjudged guilty of treason against the
United States and shall suffer death.'—lUnited States
Statutes-at-Large, 112.
The same act provides as follows:
" Sec. 32. That no person or persons shall be prose-
cuted, tried, or punished for treason or other capital
offense aforesaid,willful murder or forgery excepted,
unless the indictment for the same shall be found by
a grand jury within three years next after the trea-
son or capital offense aforesaid shall be done or com-
mitted, nor shall any person be prosecuted, tried, or
punished for any offense not capital, nor for any fine
or forfeiture under any penal statute, unless the in-
dictment or information for the same shall be found
or instituted within two years from the time of com-
mitting; the offense or incurring the fine or forfeiture
aforesaid: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall extend ^to any person or persons fleeing from
justice."—1 United States Statutes* 119.
That act created four capital offenses—trea-
son, murder, piracy, and forgery.
There is not in the act, and never has been,
any limitations as to prosecutions for murder
and forgery, but forgery has ceased to be a
capital offense.
The act therefore limits prosecutions now to
three years in cases of treason and piracy.
The act approved July 17,1862, provides—
"Sec. 1. That every person who shall hereafter
commit thecrimeof treason against theUnited States
and shall be adjudged guilty thereof shall suffer
death" * * * ** or be imprisoned for
not less than five years and fined," &e.
"Sec. 2. That if any person shall hereafter incite,
set on foot,assist, orengage in any rebellion or insur-
rection against the authority of the United States or
the lawsthereof, orshallgiveaidandcomfort thereto,
or shall engage in or give aid and comfortto any such
existing rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted
thereof, such porson shall bo punished by imprison-
ment for a period not exceeding ten years, or by a
fine not exceeding $10,000, and by the liberation of
all his slaves, if any he hare; or by both of said pun-
ishments at the discretion of the court."—12 united
States Statutes, 689.
There is no repeal in terms of the act of 1790.
The act approved July 31, 1861, makes it a
fineable offense for two or more persons to
conspire together to overthrow, put down, or
destroy by force the Government of theUnited
States, or to levy war against the United States,
or to oppose by force the authority of the Gov-
ernment, &a. (12 Statutes, 284.)
The actual hostilities which opened the war
of the rebellion commenced in April, 18(51, so
that there were many*'" overt acts of treason"
prior to the acts of July, 1861, and July, 1862,
and prosecutions for which are now barred
under the act of 1790. The act of 1790 also
limits prosecutions for treason under the act
of July 17, 1862, since the limitation of three
years in the former act applies to all cases of
treason, whether defined by that or any subse-
quent statute.
The bill now under consideration (H. R. No.
634) declares:
That so much of section thirty-two of an act for the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States, approved April 30J790, as provides that no
person or persons shall bewosecuted, tried, or pun-
ished for treason or other capital offense unless the
indictment for the same shall be found by a grand
jury within three years next after the treason or cap-
ital offense shall be done or committed, shall be, and
is hereby, repealed. And all persons who have been
or may be guilty of treason or other capital offense
may at any time be indicted, tried, and punished
therefor.
I am instructed bjr the Committee on the
Judiciary to report this bill to the House with
an amendment to come in at the end of it, as
follows:
Provided, That nothing herein shall apply to crimes
the prosecution of which is already barred by the pro-
vision herein repealed.
If this amendment shall be adopted and the
bill passed and approved the effect will be
that in all cases of treason and piracy, in which
prosecutions are already barred by the act of
1790, nc^prosecution shall ever be commenced,'
and of course the guilty offenders will forever
escape all punishment. That is, every act of
piracy and every overt act of treason com-
mitted three years ago or more will escape
prosecution and punishment.
If the amendment shall not be adopted, but
if the bill be passed and approved in its original
shape, assuming it to be valid, then pirates and
traitors will simply stand upon the same foot-
ing with willful murderers under the statute;
that is, they may be prosecuted and punished
at any time when the evidence can be procured
and the population of the rebel States shall be
sufficiently loyal to render the administration
of the law practicable.
The Judiciary Committee have not instructed
me to recommend this amendment, but only to
report it, to test the sense of the Ilouse.
Two questions therefore are presented for
determination:
1. Shall the three years' bar against prose-
cutions be removed as to piracy and treason
already fully barred, or if it shall not, then,
2. Shall the bar of three years be repealed
as to acts of piracy and treason where the lim-
itation is running, but is not yet run out.
I will present my views on these questions
briefly and in the order stated.
Questions of expediency and of constitutional
power are involved in the proposition to restore
the right of prosecution in cases already barred.
Under ordinary circumstances no one per-
haps would desire to interfere in such cases, for
it is undoubtedly correct, as a general prop-
osition, that even the errors of existing laws
should be remedied by changes prospective in
their operation.
No one now desires many sacrifices of life,
even for the treason and piracy of that greatest
of all great crimes, the late rebellion.
But Jefferson Davis at least should not
escape the punishment due to his great crime.
I agree, in part at least, with the late Attorney
General Speed that—
"It is the plain duty of the President to cause criin-
of those who were mainly instrumental in inaugu-
rating and most conspiouous in conducting the late
hostilities. I should regard it as a direful calamity
if many [some few at least] whom the sword has
spared, the law should spare also "—Letter to Pres-
ident, January 4,1886.
No traitor has ever yet been punished ia
the United States. The opinion has become
quite prevalent that it is only a political
offense, indulged in by respectable gentlemen,
and should be exempt from punishment, which
is only designed for more aumble offenders.
If this ije so, then abolish your treason statutes
forever, and let your books no longer em-
blazon the lie that treason is,a crime, when
your practice says it is none. Ours is the only
country where treason is made respectable by
exemption from all punishment. I maintain
that it is expedient, that it is alike the dictate
of justice and sound policy to restore the right
of prosecution, even in cases already barred,
for many reasons, and among them thesfi ;
1. It is against the general policy of the law,
universally maintained by all publicists, that
any right of the Government, either in the pros-
ecution of great criminals or in the assertion,
of civil rights, should be speedily defeated,
thus giving immunity to crime in its worst
forms.
2. The rebellion took possession of eleven
States and rendered prosecutions impossible
until its suppression ; and even since then the
disloyal condition of the people in most of
those States has in feet made it impracticable
to prosecute. The act of 1790 only contem-
plated in its general spirit and purpose a limita-
tion of three years, when all the courts were
open and trials were practicable.
3. Unless the right of prosecution is re-
stored most if not all the traitors will be ex-
empt from the death penalty for treason, and
will only be liable to a fine not exceeding
$10,000 and imprisonment for ten years, be-
cause it has been solemnly decided that for
every act of treason since July 17, 1862, which
consists in assisting or engaging in the rebel-
lion or giving aid thereto, no punishment but
fine and imprisonment can be inflicted. And,
as every act of treason prior to that time and
for more than a year and a half later is already
barred by the three years' limitation, no traitor
can be punished except by fine and imprison-
ment, as the law now stands, if the decision to
which I have referred be sustained. In.sup-
port of these propositions I will present some
authorities.
Every statute of limitations which defeats a
right of the Government is against the policy
and the wisdom of the common law. It was
long ago ruled—
" That the king has a prerogative quod nullum tem-
pus oceurrit repi, and therefore the general acts of
limitation, or of plenarty, shall not extend to him."—
11 Co., 68-71 b.; S. C; 1 Roll. JR., 157.
And Angel, in his work on Limitations, says:
" It has been considered, that in all representative
governments" * * "the reason for
this doctrine is at least equally cogent hero as in
England."
And in People vs. Gilbert, 18 Johnson Re-
ports, 228, Woodjrorth, Judge, declared that,
on the ground of expediency and public conve-
nience. it was a necessary principle, and that
hence the rights of the Government could not
be barred, even by a statute, unless specially
named.
Then again the right of prosecution must be
restored or Jefferson Davis and all his cocon-
spirators may, and under the ruling of one of the
judges of the Supreme Court _ probably will,
escape only with fine and imprisonment.
In the case of The United States vs. Chap-
man, tried October, 1863, in the United States
circuit court for the northern district of Cali-
fornia, before Justices Field and Hoffman, the
defendants were indicted under the second
section of the act of July 17, 1862.^ The in-
dictment charged that defendants did traitor-
ously engage in and give aid and comfort to
the rebellion by fitting out an armed schooner
with intent that it should be employed in the
