280
TBM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
service of the Rebellion to cruise on„t6s tigli
seas and commit Hostilities upon tie citizens,
property, and vessels of the United States.
Mr, Justice Field, in his charge to tJie jury,
saw: . '
" Itt 17&0 Congress passed an act fixing to the offense
H&??n^?„°£,,ieath. By the first Section of the act
m July, 1862, Congress gave $ discretionary power to
tne courts to inflict the penalty of death or fine and
imprisonment, providing th'&t in either case the slaves
c4 the party-Convicted, if any he have, shall be liber-
ated. -Che secojw^section of the act declares 4 that
if any person s$&ll hereafter incite, set on foot, assist,
or engage in' any rebellion or insurrection against the
authority of th£ United States or the laws thereof,
or shall give, aid and comfort to any such existing
rebellion or insurrection and be convicted thereof
such person shall be punished by imprisonment for a
p&rwa not exceeding ten years, or by a fine not ex-
ceeding $10,000, and by the liberation of all hisslaves,
ir any he have, or by both said punishments, at the
discretion of tne court/"
< " There would seem upon a first examination to be
an inconsistency between the first and second sec-
tions of this act—;the first section declaring a partic-
ular punishment for treason, and theseconddeclaring,
for acts which may constitute treason, a different
punishment. It appears from the debate in the Sen-
ate of the "United states, when the second seetiqn was
under consideration, that it was the opinion of sev-
eral Senators that the commission of the acts which
Undesignates might, under some'circumstances, con-
stitute an offense less than treason,,"
******#**#
" But we are unable to conceive of any act desig-
nated in the second section which would not consti-
tute treason, except perhaps that of inciting to a
rebellion. If -we lay aside the discussion m the
Senate, and" re^td the several sections of the act
together, the apparent inconsistency disappears.
Looking at the' act alone we conclude that Congress
intended—
1. To preservetbeact of 1790, which prescribes the
penalty of death in force for the prosecution and pun-
ishment of offenses committed previous to July 17,
1862, unless the parties convicted are accused under
the act of the latter date for subsequent offenses.
2. To punish treason thereafter committed with
death, or fine and imprisonment, in thediscretion of
the court, unless the treason consist in engaging in
or assisting a rebellion or insurrection against the
authority of the United States, or the laws thereof,
in which event the death penalty is to be abandoned,
and a lesapcnalty inflicted. By this construction the
apparent inconsistency in theprovisions of the differ-
ent sections is avoided and effect given to each clause
of the act. The defendants are therefore in fact on
trial for treason without being liable in case of con-
viction to the penalty which all other civilized nations
have awarded to this the highest of crimes known to
the law."
And the court say that the acts charged in
the indictment constitute a "levying of "war,"
and are therefore "treason" in fact; though as
the second section of the act of 1862 uses other
words, it is sufficient if the indictment follows
the words of the act without specifically using
the terms u levying war."
I do not wish to be understood as indorsing
the opinion of the learned justice, that if trea-
son consists in " engaging in rebellion" it is
only punishable under the second section of the
act of 1862.
It is the duty of courts to give effect to the
legislative intent, and it is conceded that the
opinion of Senators when the second section of
the act of 1862 was under consideration was—
"That the commission of the acts which it desig-
nates might under some circumstances constitute an
offense less than treason."
I am equally well aware that the legislative
intent, where it is palpably manifest from the
letter, spirit, and general purpose of the statute,
cannot be controlled by evidence aliunde, either
from the debates or otherwise;
But, inasmuch as every case of treason was
made punishable by the act of 1700, and by sec-
tion one of the act of July, 1862, without sub-
traction or diminution, it would seem to me
that it is unreasonable to suppose that section
two of the latter act covered any case of treason,
and this section should therefore be construed as
applicable only to " offenses less than treason,"
as the Senators enacting it declared. I must be
permitted to say, with the most profound respect
for and deference to the opinion of a justice
so distinguished, that it seems to me much more
reasonable to hold that whenever the act of
u engaging in rebellion" amounts to "trea-
son" it is punishable as treason, rather than
to hold, as the distinguished Justice Field has
done, that if admitted "treason" consists in
"engaging in rebellion" it can only be held
criminal as rebellion. i
January 4,
It is the - duty of the court by a well-known
rule of interpretation to give effect to all parts
of a statute 5 but in doing this there is no reason
why "treason" should be merged and lost in
the less crime of rebellion than that rebellion
when it consists of admitted treason should
not be held and punished as treason.
.And if the same criminal acts palpably con-
stitute both " treason " and "rebellion" the
Government may have an '' election of reme-
dies;" the right to prosecute for either accord-
ing to the character, position, legal and moral
criminality of the offender, and the necessities
of the case. The law-making power may pre-
scribe cumulative punishments, giving the Gov-
ernment an election to pursue some one of
them. 4
The most philosophical and learned writer
on American criminal law asserts on high
authority that—
." If a new statute creates an offense with aggrava-
tions not embraced in the old law, and creates a
higher penalty, or omits some aggravating quality
and provides a lower penalty, or if it is applicable to
a particular class only of persons wlio owo particular
duties in the matter, the new punishment does not
supersede the old."—1 Bisltop, Criminal La,w, 99, 208.
And again, he says:
"There may be several#oncurrent remedies 'of a
different nature' for one offense, carrying with them
their respective penalties, and each may stand, pen-
alty and all, without conflicting with the others."—1
Bishop, Criminal Law, 97.
But the fact that a justice of the Supreme
Court has made the ruling to which 1 refer
should admonish us that it is possible, if not
probable, as the Supreme Court is constituted,
that the greatest of all great criminals now
will be held only subject to fine and imprison-
ment^ For this reason we should restore
the right of prosecution for overt acts of
treason committed prior to July 17, 1862,-so
that adequate punishment may be inflicted
on the chief conspirators of the great rebellion.
The constitutional power to restore the right of
prosecution after it is barred I regard as en-
tirely clear.
In the hurried examination I have given this
subject I do not find that this precise question
has ever been made or decided by the courts.
But on principle and by way of analogy it must
be so.
The same traitors who planned the assassin-
ation of the late lamented President Lincoln
might in one pr all of the judicial districts
assassinate the judges, or by violence or terror,
as now in the rebel States, intimidate grand and
petit juries and defeat all prosecutions for more
than three years. Yet shall this peril be in-
vited by a concession of legislative impotency
to restore the right of prosecution?
In principle and independently of the Consti-
tution there can be no difference between the
effect of the bar of a statute of limitations in
civil and criminal cases. The inhabitants of a
State in rebellion may owe a hundred millions
to creditors in a loyal State, and yet if the re-
bellion should obstruct the courts and the col-
lection of debts until the limitation had expired
is the law powerless to restore the remedy?
All the authorities agree that there is a
distinction between the right of action and the
remedy to enforce it; between the crime and
the public right of redress by prosecution.
A right of civil action may exist, as, for
instance, the debt evidenced by a promissory
note, and yet there may be no remedy to re-
cover it, either because the law has provided
no court in which to sue, or because the time
has passed by within which by a statute of
limitations an action may be brought. Now,
in either of these cases the debt may still exist
long after the remedy is lost. A party having
committed murder or treason still continues
guilty of the crime, even after the statute has
declared that no prosecution shall be had
therefor.
Story, in his Conflict of Laws, says:
"It may be important, then, carefully to distin-
guish between cases where the statute of limitations
is strictly a mere bar to the remedy and cases where
it goes directly to the extinguishment of the debt,
claim, or right."
And Angel says:
"The difference between the obligation of a con-
tract and the remedy to enforce it is that they origin-
ate at dinerent times."—Limitations, page 18, section
11, chapter 2.
There is no such thing as a vested right in any
P,?* £*ar remedy."—1 Bwhop Criminal Law, section
104; Commonwealth vs. Commissioners, 6 Peck, 501.
NowI concede that the law-making power
could, in the_ absence of any restraining consti-
tutional provision, provide in a limitation statute
that, after a given length of time, a right of'
action or a right to property in the claimant
should cease aud vest in the debtor or occupant.
This has been done by statute. (So in Jamaica,
Story. Conflict of Laws, section 582; 17 Vesey,
Jr., 87, note; Lincoln vs. Battle, 6 Wend., 475. -
So Connecticut, Act of 1822, Digest R. I.
Laws, pages 363, 364, edition 1822; Brsfe.
Inst., B. 3, title 7, sec. 1; Newby vs. Blakeley, 3
Hen. & Mum. R., 57; Brent vs. Chapman, 5
Cranch, 358; Shelby us. Grey, 11 Wheaton, 361,
372; 11 Pick., 36 ; Dudley vs. Ward, Ampler's
R., 113; 3 Johns. Ch. R., 190, 218; Gallis
R., 371, 372; 2 Mason R., 151; 5 Clark &
Finnell R., 1, 17.) And I will not say that a
similar effect might not be given to the limita-
tion of prosecutions for crime by declaring
that after a time the act previously criminal
should cease to be so, thus giving an effect
equal to that of a pardon. But here there is
no such question. The act of 1790 does not
undertake to wipe out the crime, but only to say
that after three years no person shall be pros-
ecuted ; that the remedy shall not be pursued.
The very fact that the Congress of 1790 did not
exercise the high power they held of declaring
that after three years the overt acts constituting
treason through that limited period should
thereafter cease to constitute crime is high
evidence that there is a reserved power to re-
store the remedy while the overt acts continue
criminal. In all such cases the suspended
remedy is within the control of the law-making
power and may be restored.
A question analogous to this came before
the supreme court of Ohio in Johnson vs.
Bentley, 16 Ohio Reports, 100. By a statute
of 1816 unincorporated persons are prohibited
from banking, but their notes issued are not
void. A statute of 1824 enacted that courts
should not entertain any action upon bank
notes issued by unincorporated bankers, but
this was repealed in 1840.
Between 1816 and 1824 Bentley and others,
unincorporated bankers, issued bank notes,
and in 1846 the plaintiff sued to recover on
such notes. The opinion of the court was
delivered by Judge Read, who said:
"After the passage of the act of 1824 there was a
liability without a rierht of action to enforce it. The
remedy was denied: it has been restored by a repeal
of the act denying it. This is, then, a case of mere
suspended remedy, and the Legislature has the fall
power to restore it."
(See Lewis vs. McElvain, 16 Ohio Reports,
347: Trustees vs. McCaughey, 2 Ohio State
Reports, 1-52.)
Retrospective laws were not then prohibited
by the constitution of Ohio. Congress has
repeatedly sanctioned such laws. (Sattcrlee
vs. Matthewson, 2 Peters, 380; Charles iiiver
Bridge vs. Warren Bridge, 11 Peters, 420 ;
Webb vs. Den, 17 Howard. 570 ; Wilkinson vs.
Leland, 2 Peters, 627,16 Peters, 294: Watson vs.
Mercer. 8 Peters, 88. See Woart vs. Winnich,
3 New Hampshire, 473.)
There is another class of cases which, by way
of analogy, establishes the power to restore the
remedy.
In Bulger vs. Roche, 11 Pickering Reports,
36, the remedy on a cause of action was barred
by the local law of Nova Scotia, where both
parties resided during the whole period of the
running of the statute of limitations.
"The supreme court of Massachusetts held that the
right of action after aehangcoi'domicileofthc defend-
ant by a removal to Massachusetts was not thereby
extinguished in the State tribunals: but mighf be
pursued within the period by the statute oflioiitations
of Massachusetts."
In other words, that the lex fori governed
withoutregard to the lex loci contractus, and the
foreign limitation only operated on the remedy,
