1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I had in-
tended speaking upon this subject; but I can-
not proceed now, nor detain the Senate, and
I will forego it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Fessenden,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan. Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart, Wado, Williams, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fogg, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Johnson, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Koss,
Sprasne, Sumner, Trumbull, and Yates—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Catteu,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Guthrie, Norton, Nye, Saulsbury. Van
Winkle, and Willey—15.^
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
MAIL SERVICE TO HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a joint resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I will find the number of it in a
moment.
Mr. CONNESS. While the Senator is finding
his resolution, I think he will consent to my
calling up a bill which will occupy but a very
little while and which he is equally in favor of.
I ask the Senate—and then I will join the Sen-
ator 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts give way to the
Senator from California?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 603.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 603) to authorize the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands. It proposes to authorize the Post-
master General to invite proposals, by public
advertisement, for the period of sixty days,
in one or more newspapers published in the
cities of Washington, New York, Boston, and
San Francisco respectively, for mail steam-'
ship service between the port of San Francisco,
in the United States, and the port of Hono-
lulu, in the Hawaiian Islands, by means of a
monthly line of first-class American sea-going
steamships, to be of not less than one thousand
tons, Government measurement, each, and of
sufficient number to perform twelve round trips
per annum between those ports; and to con-
tract with the lowest responsible bidder for the
service, for a term of not more than ten years,
to begin from the day the first steamship of the
line shall depart from the port of San Fran-
cisco with the mails for the Hawaiian Islands;
but no bid is to be considered which shall
amount to more than §100,000 for the twelve
round trips per annum, nor unless it be from
a citizen or citizens of the United States, and
accompanied by an offer of good and sufficient
sureties (also citizens of the United States) for
the faithful performance of such contract.
Any contract which the Postmaster Genetal
may execute under the authority of the act is
to go into effect on or before the 1st day of
January, 1868, and in addition to the usual
stipulations of ocean mail steamship contracts
is to provide that the Government of the United
States shall be entitled to have transported,
free of expense, on each and every steamer, a
mail agent to take charge of and arrange the
mail matter, to whom suitable accommodations
for that purpose shall be assigned; that in case
of failure from any cause to perform any of
the monthly voyages stipulated for in this con-
tract, ik pro rata deduction may be made from
the compensation on account of such omitted
voyage or voyages; that suitable lines and
penalties may be imposed for delays and irreg-
ularities in the performance of the service; and
the Postmaster General is to have the power,
at any time, to determine the contract in case
of its being underlet or assigned to any other
party.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
to add to the first section the following addi-
tional proviso:
And provided further. That before the acceptance
of the said steamships by the Postmaster General for
the said service they shall be subject to inspection
and survey by an experienced naval constructor, to
be detailed for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Navy, whoso report shall bo made to the Postmaster
General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a !
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill of the Senate (S. No. 220) for the relief
of certain contractors for the construction of
vessels-of-war and steam machinery, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 283) for the relief of Edward
St. Clair Clarke;
A bill (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan; and
A bill (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon.
PARIS EXHIBITION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 164) supplementary to
other joint resolutions to enable the people of
the United States to participate in the advan-
tages of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in
1867.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have boon struggling
for the floor I do not know how many weeks
to ask the Senate to take up some bills, which I
think ought to be acted upon, that have been
reported from the committee of which I have
the honor to be chairman ; but it seems impos-
sible to get them before the Senate unless they
are antagonized with something. Now, here
is a resolution to take money out of the Treas-
ury. I shouldliketogetuparesolutionreported
by the Committee on the Judiciary to keep
money in the Treasury. It is a jointresolution
reported some time ago, which has passed the
House of Representatives, to prevent the Treas-
urer from paying money to men who went into
the rebellion on claims which they had against
the Government as officers or otherwise before
the war broke out. Military officers in our
Army who deserted their posts and went into
the rebellion and fought us during the war
have been pardoned, as I understand, and are
making applications now to get their back pay
which they claimed before the war began.
The House of Representatives a long time ago
passed a resolution to prevent payments being
made under such circumstances. That reso-
lution was reported some time since by the
Committee on the Judiciary, but I have been
unable to get attention to it, and it is impossi-
ble that attention ever should be got to either
that or half a dozen other bills that ought to be
acted upon unless they are antagonized with
something. I am not able to get the floor in
the struggle in the morning hour. The first
one who comes in makes a motion to take up
some particular bill, and we have private bills
brought up here to the crowding aside of the
Fublie business. I have no private bills that
desire to bring up. This morning we spent
an hour here on a private claim. They ought
to be attended to if money is due to private
individuals, but I do think tiat the public busi-
ness and that species of legislation which
affects the nation ought to receive the attention
of Congress.
Now, sir, I hope the Senate will not take up
the joint resolution suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts, which is to appropriate
money to send persons to this Paris Exposition.
They are to have a grand exhibition aj Paris,
and a great many people from this country want
to visit there as I suppose, and here is a pro-
vision for a lot more of commissioners to be
appointed to the Paris Exhibition, to go to
Paris and have a nice time this summer. I
hope that that resolution will not be taken up,
but that we may proceed to take up some of
these measures of which I have spoken. I
shall move to proceed to the consideration of
House joint resolution No. 222, if this motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts does not
prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it very profitless to
undertake to antagonize one bill with another.
Had the Senator made his motion I should not
have antagonized this 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I could not make it.
Mr. SUMNER. I say had the Senator
made it I should not have antagonized the
resolution which I have charge of with his.
And let me suggest to the Senator that he is
unfair when he alludes to this as interesting
only to private individuals. This concerns
public interests just as much as the resolution
of the Senator. The Senator says his resolu-
tion is not to take money from the Treasury,
but if I understood him to put money into
the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To keep it there.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; to keep it there.
The resolution which I have in charge now may
not be directly to put money into the Treasury
of the country, but it is to put money into the
pockets of the people of this country by en-
riching their resources, their knowledge of
science, and quickening their intelligence. It
is not a resolution to facilitate any visits to
Europe nor to promote in any way private
indulgence; but it is a resolution to enable the
scientific and mineral and productive resources
of our country to be exhibited in Europe. That
is the character of the resolution. It is a res-
olution that has been carefully considered and
matured in the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, who have had before them gentlemen
from New York, and who have given several
days attention to it. It is no hasty production ;
but it is, if I may say so, the well-ripened fruit
of the best care and knowledge of the com-
mittee. I hope there will be no question about
taking it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 164) supplementary to
other joint resolutions to enable the people of
the United States to participate in the advan-
tages of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in
1867, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides:
1. That the commission of the United States
at the Universal Exhibition to be held at Paris
in the year 1867 shall consist of the commis-
sioner general and honorary commissioner,
whose appointment was approved by the joint
resolution of January 22,1866; also of the thirty
commissioners whose appointment was provided
for by the joint resolution of July 5, 1866, and
of twenty commissioners whose appointment is
hereinafter provided for.
2. That the commissioner general shall be the
president of the commission thus constituted,
with a vote on all questions that may arise.
3. That the commission shall meet at Paris
as early as possible before the opening of the
Exhibition upon the call of the commissioner
general, and, when properly organized, shall
make such rules and regulations as may be
necessary for efficient action, with power to
elect a vice president from their own number,
who, in the absence of the commissioner gen-
eral, shall preside at all meetings of the com-
mission, and to appoint committees and chair-
men of groups.
4. That the commission may designate addi-
tional persons, not exceeding twenty in nun -
