282
TEE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. January 4,
in aid of tyranny in other countries and so
induced charity for the oppressed, it is no rea-
son why bad men should have the same charity
now in an effort to overthrow a " Government
guilty of no wrong." To put all rebellion on
the same footing is to disparage the moral
heroism that combats tyranny and to dignify
into respectability the criminal attempt to sub-
vert a free Republic. '
A good government here should not fail to
execute salutary laws against bad men, because
elsewhere,bad men have perverted the laws to
repress patriotic efforts to establish good- gov-
ernment.
But now even in England treason is by act
of "Parliament a well defined crime. (Stat.
25 Edward III, chap. 2,1 Hale P. C., 259.)
Our Constitution has expressly limited it to
two species and thus "cutoff all chances of
arbitrary constructions." It can only be proved
by '' two witnesses to the same overt act or a
confession in open court," and the "trial shall
be held in the State" where the treason was
committed. With these limitations on treason
the public security is left vastly more in jeop-
ardy by giving traitors perfect immunity from
punishment than by a faithful execution of the
law iu a few of the most • conspicuous and
aggravated cases.
The question therefore for us to determine
now is, whether all traitors shall escape the pun-
ishment awarded to great leaders of conspiracy
in every other civilized country of the globe.
The gentleman has cited cases of conviction for
treason long years after the crimes committed.
He might have cited similar cases of convictions
for murder; for there is no limitation as to
this either in the acts of Congress or in the
States of the Union. I know no reason why an
humble murderer should continue liable, and
should escape. If, when we have vindicated
the law by making an example, it shall be
deemed expedient to prosecute no more, let it
be so declared by authorizing amnesty for all,
or by a statute of repose.
But as the law now stands, and with the con-
struction given to it, not even one example can
be made of any great offender.
And surely if three years limitation was
proper when the courts were open and trials
practicable, there ought to be three years for
prosecution after trials shall become practi-
cable.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs,] with his accustomed ingenuity, but
not with his usual fairness, spoke of this bill
by saying:
" I do not believe that it becomes this nation; I do
not believe it is safe for us to undertake to pass laws
by which we can or may be able to punish men, how-
ever guilty, who eould not be punished under the law
existing when the crimes were committed."—Speech,
December 11.
It is enough to say, in answer to this, that the
object of this bill is to restore the right to
punish traitors "under the law existing when
their crimes were committed."
It does not propose to administer any law
different from that which existed when the
crime was committed. But it simply provides
that inasmuch as trials were then and ever
since impossible by reason of the continuance
of the rebellion, by reason of the continued
wrong of the rebels, that they shall not now
take advantage of that wrong to escape all
punishment.
But the gentleman further—we may suppose
for want of any real objection to the bill—sets
up a man of straw to combat, and of course
demolishes him. He said:
"The Constitution and our laws provide very care-
fully that especially in the ease of treason the party
charged with that crime must be tried at the place
where the overt act was committed, in a district pre-
viously ascertained by law, and by a jury from that
bailiwick. Now any law which professes to ehango
that in any respect looks to me so much like an at-
tempt to commit judicial murder that I have always
been afraid to attempt it."—Stevens's speech, Decem-
ber 11.
I was quite as well aware of the constitutional
provision referred to as my distinguished and
venerable friend, [Mr. Stevens,] but as this
bill does not relate to the place of trial, which
he finds so amply protected by the Constitution,
his remarks which I have just read have no rela-
tion to the subject under consideration..
Again, the gentleman used this language:
" I am aware that the traitors in the South, if tried
under our existing Constitution and laws, will not
one of them be convicted. I should never attempt
to try them for treason; I would try them as belliger-
ents, under the law of nations and the laws of war."
I am happy to find the gentleman agreeing
with me that a few at least of the traitors have
been guilty of something for which they should
be tried. ,
As he is in favor of a trial by court-martial'
"under the law of nations and the laws of
war," I take it for granted he is in favor of
punishment. He does not indulge the humane
sentimentality that punishment shouldbe meted
out to small offenders and that great traitors
should go unpunished.
But in courts-martial there is no venue, and
traitors, if triable as belligerents under the
laws of nations and the laws of war, eould be
tried out of the district or State where the crime
was committed. Whether that would look
like an " attempt to commit judicial murder"
I leave the gentleman's speech to answer for
itself.
But the gentleman's plan of trial is imprac-
ticable.
No one knows better than he that Andrew
Johnson will neither authorize nor permit it,
and on this question his decision is final.
The late Attorney General Speed, in an able
opinion dated January 4, 1865, decided that
military tribunals can not—
" exist except in time of war, and cannot then take
cognizance of offenders or offenses,'' * * *
" except offenders and offenses against the laws of
war." (See Lawrence's speech in Congress, Febru-
ary 5,1866.)
Such tribunals cannot punish for treason at
all, but only for military offenses during " ac-
tual hostilities" or during that "state of war "
which may exist afterward. During a great
rebellion the Government by its military power
may crush conspiracy aud execute conspira-
tors wherever found where the " saluspopuli "
imperatively demands it, and no decision ot
the Supreme Court will ever in practice arrest
the exercise of this power. (See ex parte Mil-
ligan, Supreme Court United States, Decem-
ber, 1866.) The war power will not wait until
conspiracy has subverted the civil authorities
to see if it is prudent to interfere.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexs] further said to the House:
" Now, it does not follow that every traitor will
escape who is not prosecuted within three years of
the time of the commission of the offense. The stat-
ute of limitations never runs in any case unless it is
possible to enforce the remedy; it only runs from the
time when it was possible to enforce it."
I must be permitted to differ with my vener-
able friend, learned as I know him to be in the
law, but in this instance I fear his law is even
worse than his logic.
Section thirty-two of the act of 1790 affixes
a limitation of three years on prosecutions, but
there is this proviso:
" Provided, That nothingherein contained shall ex-
tend to any person or persons fleeing from justice."
It so happens that John C. Breckinridge
and others did not flee the country until long
after the act of July 17, 1862, nor until all
treason prior to that date was barred.
As to treason not barred, he and other fugi-
tives would be liable to indictment and to fine
and imprisonment only, if the ruling of Mr.
Justice Field be correct.
But there is no statute and no principle of
the common law which announces the general
principle stated by the veteran statesman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steven's.]
Again, the gentleman said in the same con-
nection :
" But whether that be so or not, still during the
time of war, during the prosecution of the war, the
crime continued; it was a continuing offense, and the
offense continued up to the timo when peace shall
be proclaimed, which it never yet has been."
Certainly, Mr, Speaker, the gentleman could
not have considered the words he used. He
is. too much of a lawyer to assert that overt
acts of treason committed five years ago are
not barred by the three years limitation of the
act of 1790, because the rebellion was con-
tinuous.
The authorities are against the position.
(Wharton'sPrecedents, 1117; 2 Chitty's Crim-
inal Law, 67: Bishop's Criminal Procedure,
sec. 978, 982:)
" An overt act must be alleged and proved."—3
Greenleafs Evidence, sec. 240.
"Laying several overt acts in a count for high
treason is not duplicity."—Archbold's Criminal Plead-
ings and Evidence, 13, London edition, 54; 1 HUliop'i
Criminal. Procedure.
" The evidence must be confined to the overt act
or acts laid in the indictment."—3 Greenlcafs Evi-
dence, sec. 241.
And Bishop in his Criminal Procedure says :
*' From this principle it might seem to follow that
if taking the time alleged in the indictment to be the
true time, the offense is barred by the statute of
limitations, the indictment will be adjudged insuffi-
cient."—Section 256.
Traitors and their sympathisers would not
favor this bill. It may find opponents in the
ranks of loyal men. But I warn gentlemen
that the time for universal amnesty has not yet
come. This House expressed that opinion ou
the first day of the session. This bill alone
can prevent the speedy coming of what is
equivalent to universal pardon and amnesty—
the end of all prosecutions.
Let the country take notice that he who
votes against this bill or to modify it votes
againfet merited punishment for thegreatleaders
of the rebellion. Such ill-timed clemency is a
crime against the Constitution, the majesty of
the law, and the matured judgment of the loyal
people of this Republic.
Mr. NEWELL. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
submit a few remarks for the consideration of
the House upon the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
In doing so allow me to call attention to the
importance of the issues decided in the great
political contest which agitated and almost
convulsed the northern States during the recess
of the present Congress. Those issues were
not less momentous than the war itself. That,
indeed, decided a question of mere physical
superiority; those decided questions of politi-
cal principle, which are to be the bases of our
future prosperity. Whatever we may say of
the prowess and perseverance of our people
duringthe war, (and they were such as to attract
the admiration of the world to our gallant
armies,) we must admit that their conduct all
through the late trying political campaign was
so admirable as to extract unwilling praises
even from (he enemies of the country. That
political contest was the most trying test ever
imposed upon the principle of self-government,-
and so well did the people endure it that the
most devoted worshipers of monarchical or
despotic systems of government have been com-
pelled to acknowledge that the strain was not
too much for our institutions. Indeed, one of
these gentlemen, on a visit to this country, in
a speech delivered in this city a few weeks
since, is reported to have put off the trying
period of our institutions for at least a century.
Wo thank him for his long respite, and only
hope his descendants will do us a similar favor,
and as graciously, when they find his promised
period of dissolution is as far off as ever.
The military contest, I remarked, only de-
cided a question of military superiority or iti-
feriority; but the political, a question of social
and material well-being. Consequently the
importance of the latter cannot be overrated.
Let me call attention to a few points bearing
upon that importance.
Previous to the late war and the political
contest just terminated, questions regarding
rights of the States as opposed to those of the
General Government were constant sources of
dispute, which time and again threatened the
existence of the Government. Those contests
continued from the formation of the Gov-
ernment to the present day. Their results
were as generally unfavorable to the continu-
ance of such a degree of autiiority in the cen-
