1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
That the House recede from the third amendment
OftheSenate.andagreetothesame with thefollowing
amendments: strike out the words " Secretary of the
Interior" and insert "President;" strike out the
word "fifteen" and insert the word " ten," and tho
Senate agrco to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to tho
fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho same
with an amendment, striking out the word "ten"
and inserting the word "tiro," and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
Bixth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: add at the end
of the section the following proviso: "Provided,
That the Attorney General of theUnited States shall
be, and is hereby, instructed to inquire into t!*' con-
dition of the funds held in trust by tho United States
for said tribes and for all other tribes of Indians, and
what remedy exists for the security of the United
States in respect to the non-paying stock so held, the
value thereof, what stocks are non-paying, and what
proceedings should be taken for the security of the
United States in respect to the same, and report to
Congress on the first Monday of December next,"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out the
words " for first installment of annuity" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " for first payments to be
made during the pleasure of Congress," and the Sen-
ate agree to the Senate. ^
That the Senate recede from its tenth amend-
ment.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment striking out the word
"Tamer" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"Tama," and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with amendments, as follows: strike out the
words "Secretary of the Interior" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "President:" strike out the word ]
" seventy," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" thirty-five," and the Senate agree to the same. 1
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
twentieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments as follows: strike out
the words "seven thousand and two," and insert in
lieu thereof the words "three thousand and six;"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments as follows: add !
at the end the following words:
" Except in case 9f extreme necessity, the facts of
which shall be certified to the Secretary of "War by
the officer commanding that military district."
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-second
amendment.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-third amend-
ment.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the thirty-fourth
amendment of tho Senate and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all after
the enacting clause of said House amendment and
insert in lieu thereof the following: "That the sum
hereinbefore appropriated to the Miamis of Indi-
ana, or which shall hereafter be appropriated to
them, shall only be paid to such persons as may be,
upon the opinion of the Attorney General, legally i'
entitled to the same under the provisions of the
treaty with said Indians of June 5,1854," and Senate
amendments thereto, regardless of any subsequent
legislation.
JOHN A. KASSON,
WILLIAM WINDOM,
Managers on Hie part of the House.
JOHN B. HENDERSON,
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
T. 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. KASSON. Upon that question I call
the-previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion for a time, and ex-
plain to the House the effect of those amend-
ments to which the conferees on the part of
the House have agreed.
Mr. KASSON. I can explain any specific
amendment to which the gentleman may call
my attention. I do not think it worth while
at this late hour of the session to explain all
the amendments.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to know what
amendments making appropriations put on by
the Senate have been agreed to by the con-
ferees on the part of the House.
Mr. KASSON. Several of the amendments
of the Senate made appropriations for certain
Indian tribes with whom treaties have been
made, but which treaties are not yet ratified
by the Senate "for the first of annuities," &c.
I am very glad to be able to State to the
House that there seems now to be a disposi-
tion in the Senate to abandon the "treaty
payments and as the first step in that direc-
tion an agreement was made to change the lan-
guage employed, while they continue to pro-
' vide for the immediate wants of these Indians
and prevent the disappointment which would
otherwise result to them, as they regard these
unratified treaties as already concluded. The
form of appropriation is changed from " for
first installment of annuity" to "for first of
payments to be made during the pleasure of
Congress." That leaves it entirely in the
control of Congress hereafter from year to
year to regulate the amount and manner of
distribution. I consider it a very great point
gained.
I Mr. SCOFIELD. What is the total amount
1 of Senate appropriations to which the conferees
on the part of the House have agreed?
Mr. KASSON. I have not figured it up,
but I should suppose it might be some three or
four hundred thousand dollars j perhaps not
quite so much.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeingto the report;
and upon being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. ALLEY. I again ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution to amend
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 18C4.
The joint resolution was as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Souse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the paragraph of section fivo of an
act entitled "An act to increase duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864, as
follows, to wit:" On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist,
or other manufactured cloth woven or made in pat-
terns of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such
manner as to be fit for shoes, slippers, boots, bootees,
faiters, and buttons, exclusively, not combined with
ndia rubber, ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
_ Mr. ALLEY. Then I must move a suspen-
sion of the rules, and I pledge myself before-
hand 
Mr. FINCK. I object to debate.
The question was on the motion that the
rules be suspended.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a question of
order. I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. During the last ten days
of the session a motion to suspend the rules is
at any time in order when a gentleman can
obtain the floor to make it.
Mr. FINCK. If this resolution is introduced
under a suspension of the rules will it then be
open to amendment, so as to put on other
articles besides those enumerated in the joint
resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it shall come up. The joint
resolution if introduced will be open to any
amendment which may be germane to it.
Mr. ALLEY. If the rules are suspended I
suppose I will have the control of the joint
resolution, and I pledge myself that no advan-
tage whatever of that kind shall be taken of it.
And I also say further that this is a resolution
which every gentleman in the House will agree
to if he understands it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is a report of a
committee of conference now in order?
The SPEAKER. A report from a committee
of conference is always in order, even if a
member has the floor upon another subject.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
tho two Houses on the amendments to tho
but <11. K. No. 896) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1868, having met, alter full and tree confcrence, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments Nos
1, 2, 3,4, 6, 8,10, and 11.
That thellousc of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate Nos.
9,18, 28, 35,45, and 47, and agrco to the same.
That the House of Represen tatives recede from their
amendment to the forty-sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate. and agree to the same.
The committee of conference further report that
they are unable to agree upon the amendments Nos.
44,48, and 50.
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
E. WOODBRIDGE,
C. A. ELDRIDGE.
Managers on the part of the House,
JOHN SHERMAN,
LUKE P. POLAND,
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to know
what they recede from.
Mr. STEVENS. I think this is wholly irreg-
ular. I do not think a conference committee
can divide its report. Such a thing is not in ac-
cordance with the parliamentary law. Although
it has once or twice been departed from under
great pressure in this House, still it is inaugur-
ating a new and vicious system, which I hope
will not be allowed. I ask whether ever,
though this report be adopted, this bill could
be sent to the President?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond to
gentleman's inquiry. He understands the com-
mittee of conference reports agreement in some
and disagreement in other amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We disagree only in
three amendments.
The SPEAKER. There are two cases, and
only two cases, within the recollection of the
Chair where this has been allowed, one in the
Twenty-Ninth Congress and one in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, when Hon. Mr. Banks, now
a member of this House, was Speaker. In the
latter case the two Houses agreed on all sub-
jects of disagreement on the Army bill except
in reference to the amendment of the House,
that no portion of the appropriations should be
used for the enforcement of certain so-called
laws of the Territory of Kansas. The House
insisted and the Senate refused to recede from
its disagreement. After three conferences they
failed to agree. They reported agreement in
all but this one amendment, and a committee
of conference was appointed upou that amend-
ment ; but Congress adjourned failing to agree,
and the bill was lost. Members returning to
their homes were arrested by the proclama-
tion of President Pierce, calling them to meet
in extra session, at which session the bill finally
passed, the House receding from their disa-
greement.
Mr. BANKS. That is undoubtedly true;
but a conference report, agreeing in part and
disagreeing in part, does not settle the matter.
I agree with the statement of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The bill would not be
passed by the adoption of this report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the Speaker
to appoint another committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a committee of
conference which agreed to every item, except
two, now disagreed to, and that committee
agreed differently from what this one does.
But we did not think it right to submit a par-
tial report. We thought, sir, that could not be
done. I knew there were one or two instances
where it had been done; but the bills never
came to be laws. I hope the House will reject
the report, and that another committee of con-
ference will be appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The three points on
which the committee failed to agree are the
ones I will state. One was the amendment of
the Senate increasing the salary of the judges
of the United States; another the section of
the House bill providing for paying the clerks
and employes of the House of Representatives
according to various resolutions adopted by the
House, to which the Senate refuses to agree;
