1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] or the amendment thereto
offered by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixon,] if, as I understand, it
requires as condition to representation in Con-
gress of any State the property qualification or
the extension of suffrage to the negro race,
.vhich it seems to imply. Sir, I know what the
judgment of the country will be, considering
the intimate relations existing between the
honorable Senator from Connecticut and the
President of the United Staffis; and that is,
that that amendment will be considered an
Administration measure. If so, I say for one—
and I speak for the Democratic party of my
State, and I think I can speak in behalf of one
million eight hundred thousand Democrats in
the non-seceding States—that that proposition
will meet with 110 approval from them ; and I
trust in God that there is no southern State,
however menaced by congressional authority,
I had almost said congressional tyranny, that
will so degrade itself or be so untrue and un-
faithful to the friends who have stood up for
their constitutional rights, as to adopt such a
proposition as that. There is one Stat® in this
Union, although lier electoral voice may not
be very potential, that will never, under any
circumstances, agree to it.
While I shall continue to support the Presi-
dent of the United States in all his constitu-
tional rights and in every measure of public
policy which I believe to be right in itself and
conducive to the good of my country, I will
not under any circumstances be so unfaithtul
to my own convictions of duty, to my fidelity
to the principles of the great and glorious party
to which I belong, as to countenance for a
moment such a proposition as that.
I have said thus much in order, if possible,
that the poison which has been thrown into this
Chamber this morning may not have a tpo
disastrous effect so far as my humble ability
can prevent it; and having said thus much, I
shall say no more, trusting to the fidelity of
the party to which I belong, to its principles,
that they shall not for a moment countenance
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. CONNESS. I think this opportunity
may not be allowed to pass without congratu-
lating the country upon the prospect of the
separation of the sheep from the goats. I will
not say who are the sheep nor who are the
goats. But I will add congratulation to the
honorable Senator from Connceticut for the
leave he has taken, after having strayed long
from the right path, on his return to the fold.
I think the prospect this morning is cheering
and bright for the country. And in this con-
nection I am very glad to hear the honorable
Senator from Delaware say that, notwithstand-
ing his emphatic dissent from the great prop-
osition proposed this morning by the Senator
from Connecticut, he will yet stand by the
President in all that is right. With such a
position from him as the leader of one party
and such a proposition from the honorable
Senator from Connecticut on the other side, I
do not see but that the great passage that has
yawned so deep and wide will be bridged over
'in duo time, and that the country will be safe.
Again I congratulate the Senator from Con-
necticut and the country.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose, then, I may count
on the Senator's vote in favor of my amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. Unquestionably, after it
shall be improved a little.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIkx-
diucks in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the amendment proposed by the
House of Representatives to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in the year
1S40 T made a report, somewhat elaborate, on
this whole subject of the power of appointment
and removal to the House of Representatives.
1 there assumed the ground distinctly that in
order to remove as well as appoint the con-
currence of the whole appointing power was
necessary, namely, the President and Senate.
The converse of that proposition has been
acted on from that time to the present, and I
am not prepared to say now how far, I would
concede a modification of my former opinion
by the subsequent practice and usage of the
Government.
But, sir, in relation to members of the Cab-
inet, I hold that that is a subject which Con-
gress has no power to legislate upon as regards
their removal from office. The members of
the Cabinet are not inferior officers in the
sense of the Constitution, because the Consti-
tution expressly provides that Congress by law
may authorize the appointment of inferior
officers of the Government by the heads of
Departments. It would be an absurdity to say
that the Constitution vested the appointment
potentially of inferior officers of the Govern-
ment in inferior officers of the Government;
and when it by express language invests Con-
gress with the power to give the appointment
of inferior officers to the heads of Departments,
it necessarily classifies the heads of Depart-
ments as superior officers of Government. As
such they are appointed by the nomination of
t.he President and the confirmation of the
Senate.
The organized power to appoint the heads
of the Departments is then a purely constitu-
tional power. It is one that is organized by
the Constitution, and it is to be exercised, ac-
cording to my judgment, in conformity to the
principle of the Constitution. If the Consti-
tution permits the President to remove a head
of a Department from office, Congress by its
legislation has no power to shackle that power
of the President to remove the head of a De-
partment. If the power of removal inheres
both in the President and in the Senate it is
so by constitutional provision, it is so by con-
stitutional principle, and Congress has no right
and no authority to attempt by legislation the
modification of the existence or exercise of
that power.
It is, then, according to iny opinion, a judi-
cial question under the Constitution, and is to
be adjudged by the Constitution and by the
provisions of the Constitution. If the Pres-
ident removes a Cabinet officer, the question
might arise by a writ of quo warranto, or some
other judicial proceeding, inquiring into the
right of the successor of that removed Cabinet
officer to perform the duties of the place, and
in that way it would become a judicial ques-
tion under the Constitution, not for control or
modification by act of Congress, but simply to
be adjudged of by the courts as a question
arising in court under the Constitution itself.
That view of the subject will induce me to
vote against the amendment of the House. If
it was a doubtful question, the expediency and
the absolute necessity of the exercise of this
power by the President is so great, so vital,
that I would surrender any doubt that I had
in relation to the principle, and would concede
to the President the power and the right to
remove his Cabinet officers.
I concur in the suggestions so forcibly made
by the Senator from Ohio that the President
cannot get along at all in the administration
of his department of the Government with any
sort of convenience in .administration of the
Government generally without the exercise of
this power. I once had a conversation with
Mr. John Quincy Adams in which he adverted
to the state of relationsbetween his father when
he was President of the United States and his
Secretary of State, Mr. Timothy Pickering.
Mr. Adams stated to me distinctly, and in
terms of extreme condemnation of Mr. Pick-
ering, that ho was holding on to his office and
was thwarting his father in the administration
of the executive department of the Govern-
ment from day to day as opportunity afforded.
He spoke in great harshness and condemnation
of Mr. Pickering's course, and in no other
terms I think than any just man would speak
of any Cabinet officer who acted the same part
toward the President from whom he held his
appointment. I cannot conceive of a greater
breach of official propriety and of the just re-
lations that ought to subsist between a Presi-
dent and his' subordinates than for a Cabinet
officer to hold oil to his place when his judg-
ment and his whole action and influence are
thrown against the administration of the Presi-
dent. Yet this would be the anomalous and
mischievous condition of things unless the
President was clothed with a power to remove
his Cabinet officer at his pleasure.
Under the two views of this subject I have
presented I will not hesitate, whatever may
have been the opinion that I expressed in 1840
so decidedly upon the point, no w to vote against
the proposed amendment of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to prolong
the debate, but only to express the hope that
the debate on this question may terminate and
that we may come to a vote. The time left of
the session and the pressure of business ad-
monishes me, as I have no doubt it does every
other Senator, of the necessity of condensing
debate. While I should be glad to occupy
some time in reply to some things that have
fallen in the course of this debate, I feel it to bo
due to the business of the Senate to abstain.
I hope the Senate will disagree to this amend-
ment and adhere to the bill as it stands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 28; as follows ?
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Crcswell, Fogg,
Fowler, Howard, Howe, Lane, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, lloss, Sumner, Trumbull, "Wade, "Wilson,
and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattcll, Con-
ncss, Cowan, Davis. Dixon. DoohltJe, Edmunds,
Kesseudcn, Foster, Frelinshuysen, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, ]Tcndriok.«, Johnson, Kirlnvood, Mc-
DougaH, Ncsmith, Norton, Patterson, Poland. Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragm, Guthrie, Morgan, Nye,
Spraguo, Van Winkle, and WiUey—7.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
MHSSAC.U FJIOM TTIK IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekrox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (ft. No.
•191) amendatory of the several acts respecting
copyrights, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Sen'ate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate :
A bill (li. R. No. 113i-) declaring and fixing
the rights of volunteers as a part of the Army.
A bill (H. K. No. 1135) to extend to general
officers and officers on the retired list the ben-
efit of the additional ration for every five years'
service.
A bill (H. R. No. 1136) to amend the act
establishing the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers; and,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2G9) for the
relict of certain officers of volunteers.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw that while I move to take up
the House bill No. 3-14, the Niagara ship-canal
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will bo a struggle
for the floor, and I would rather press my
motion now.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
an executive session ; but I wish to say to Sen-
ators that to-morrow at one o'clock I shall
move to take up the legislative appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time
I spent therein the doors were reopened, and thy
i Senate adjourned.
