TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The moment. ha dfieg, the nature of the Gov-
ernment j)©COmeg perverted and the principles
ot the Constitution violated.
In the extract above quoted, Judge Taney
ov t 'n vr-- ' political family of the United
^ Note, he does no£ say the civil fam-
vf' 's political family to which he
alludes. His position would not be tenable
irt any other gen^, ,-lfo.%,-:the-question arises,
what, constittttes that family? Ihe answer is,
tho.-:o. i>orn on the soil; those who aire taxed
for the- SHpgdf t-6f. the Government; those who
are liable to-fee Called upon to bear arms in its
defense,- in fine, those who, in every material,
moral, and religious sense, are its constituent
firts—the units of its .aggregate manhood,
very man, then, who is not. an alien and who
thus refuses allegiance to the - Government on
the jjole ground that he owes it to another,
Comes within the above category. To deny to
him altogether, or to abridge his rights of citi-
zenship, is to violate the Constitution of the
United States in its most sacred and solemn
characteristics.
" But, " say the State-rights interpreters of
the Constitution, '*a State can make or un-
make a citizen of the United States; can limit
his rights, privileges, or immunities, or deny
them altogether." I deny this assumption in
toto. A State has no right to deprive a citizen
of the United States Of any rights he enjoys
as such. On the contrary, it is expressly pro-
vided in the Constitution that the citizens of
every State are entitled to the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of the citizens of all the
States. Hear what Judge Taney says upon
this important point in the decision from which
I have heretofore quoted:
"And if persons of the African race are citizens of
a State and of the United States they would be en-
titled to all those privileges and immunities in every
State, and the State con Id not restrict them, for they
would hold these privileges and immunities under
the paramount authority of the Federal Government;
and its courts would be bound to maintain and enforce
them, the constitution and the laws of the Stato to the
contrary notwithstanding. And if the States could
limit or restrict them, or placethe party in an inferior
grade, this clause of the Constitution would be uo-
meaning, and could have no operation, and would
give no rights to the citizen when in another State.
He would havo none but what the State itself chose
to allow him."
Now, let us look at the Constitution itself.
After reciting in the preamble that, "we, the
people for ourselves and our posterity" enact
certain provisions of law, the first article reads:
"The House of Representatives shall be elected
by the people of the several States."
Let our strict constructionists ponder upon
this. Can the question of suffrage be delegated
to the several States in face of such a posi-
tive provision as this? But- let us see who are
the people of the United States. And here I
must again refer my Democratic friends to the
Dred Scott decision, in which Judge Taney
_ "The words'people of the United States,' and 'cit-
izens' are synonymous terms, and mean the same
thing."
But I have already shown that a citizen is not
made by Congress nor by the States,- but is such
by his own inherent right of manhood. I have
also shown by the Dred Scott decision, and by
the Constitution itself, that the citizen of each
State cannot be deprived of any right, privilege,
or immunity inhering in him in his capacity of
citizen of the United States. IIow, then, can
a State limit him in those rights, much less
deprive him of them altogether? It can only
be done by a misconception and misinterpreta-
tion of the organic act, superinduced by devo-
tion to slavery and fostered by monarchical
and despotic ideas and prejudices.
But some persons may answer that suffrage
is not a right. If it is not a right, I ask what
it is? I have shown that there are really no
privileges in the United States; but, as if to
cover the whole ground and deprive the oppo-
nents of the sovereign power of the central
Government of all ability to cavil, Judge Taney
declares not only that a State has no right to
deprive a citizen of the United States of any
rights inhering in him as such, but that it has no
right to deprive him of any of the privileges or
immunities of a citizen. What can be broader
than this language ? Does it not cover every
ground ? Does it not stamp in ineffaceable char-
acters as treason to the Constitution any. attempt
of any State to deprive a single citizen of the
United States of any rights, privileges, and
immunities inhering in him as such.
The first article of the Constitution expressly
says that the House of Representatives shall
be elected by the people of the several States.
Now, if a State can step in and say that one
of the people within its jurisdiction shall not
vote for members of the House of Represent-
atives it has power to say that many or all of
them shall not so vote; it h&s power to say
that a citizen shall not vote unless he is worth
$l,000or $10,000; that he shall not vote unless
he owns a certain quantity of real estate; that
he shall not vote unless he owns a certain
amount of railroad stock; that he shall not
vote unless he can read or write; that he shall
not vote unless he can speak French or Span-
ish or German; that he shall not vote unless
he is a Protestant; that he shall not vote be-
cause he is a Jew or a Catholic; that he shall
not vote because he is black; that he shall not
vote because he is white; in fine that he shall
not vote on account of any negative or positive
characteristic it may be in the power of the
State Legislature to enact to be a bar to the
exercise of the franchise. How would such
legislation comport with the first article of the
Constitution? Would it not virtually nullify,
if not expunge it from the organic act? Would
it not place this House at the mercy of State
Legislatures, who at any time might desire to
limit its powers or to confine its jurisdiction to
such legislation as the said Legislatures, and
they alone, might deem to come within the scope
of its authority ?
But, on the other hand, what is the obvious
meaning of the first article of the Constitution?
Is it not that the House of Representatives
shall be a, body entirely independent of the
State Legislatures, not deriving any authority
from them, nor acknowledging any jurisdic-
tion of them over either its acts or the rights
of the people in selecting its members? Con-
gress has no right itself to prescribe the quali-
fications of those whom it represents. The
Constitution does this._ Surely it is not the
intent of the Constitution to cede away that
right to Legislatures elected for mere local and
State purposes ; to foreign bodies having no
authority over its deliberations, and even no
right (except the right of enjoying in common
with each individual citizen) to question its
acts. I contend that State Legislatures have
no right to limit the jurisdiction or scope of
Congress. Who will contend that they have?
But would not the power to limit its constitu-
ency or to obstruct it by laws depriving it of
any rights enjoyed by that constituency have
this efleet? It most undoubtedly would. Con-
sequently, admitting the right of the States to
limit or virtually to annihilate our constituency,
and we admit their right to wipe us out of ex-
istence or to narrow down our constituency to
limits which would make us the representa-
tives of a mere oligarchy or aristocracy—an
oligarchy founded upon race or color, or an aris-
tocracy founded upon wealth or intelligence.
Supposing one of our great railroad monop-
olies were to obtain control of one of the States,
an entirely supposable case, could not its or-
ganic act be so altered as to prescribe qualifi-
cations for our constituents which would make
it impossible to have the great mass of that
particular State fairly represented on this floor?
In the same manner, suppose other great cor-
porations should combine in other States, and
steal away the rights of the people, what would
be the result? Why, that this body would be
turned into an assembly not representing the
people of the United States, but a compara-
tively few privileged persons, who would be
able, for all time to come, to ride booted and
spurred upon the backs of the late sovereign
Seople. Is this the consummation that my
'emocratic friends so ardently desire to see
brought about?
January 4,
e 's, every nation, every j>olitieal
family has a right in its organic act to fix the
status ot its component units in a free Govern-
ment; indeed, this status is fixed by the irre-
versible laws of justice and. right, and cannot
be changed. It was regarded as so fixed by
the framers of the Constitution. It would have
continued to be so regarded by their posterity
but for the pestilent heresy, of State rights,
through which it was sought to enslave a por-
tion of the body-politic for the special benefit of
another portion.
In what article of the Constitution is con-
ceded the right of any particular State to limit
or abridge the suffrage as respects the constit-
uency of Congress; the people ? In no one.
On the contrary, the Constitution provides that
that suffrage shall be placed on the very broad-
est basis; nor does it anywhere deny to Con-
gress the right to regulate the manner of the
expression of that suffrage within the bounds
of the Constitution itself, of course, but totally
regardless of the laws of the several States.
The States are not represented here but the
people; therefore it is. to the people under the
United States Constitution, not to the States
under their constitutions, that we are responsible
for our acts. What justice would there then
be in handing over the control of the expres-
sion of the will of the people whom wehere
represent to State Legislatures which are cre-
ated for altogether local and State purposes
and necessarily limited in their jurisdiction and
prescribed in their action? There would be
none whatever. On the contrary, in so acting
we would constitute our system of government
an anomaly, leaving no foundation in reason
or experience, and so obstructive of necessary
legislation as to render it incapable of success-
ful working.
_ I have shown that no State can restrict the
rights, privileges, and immunities of a citizen
of ^ the United States. Suffrage, instead of
being the least, is the most important of these;
and why? Because it guards and protects all
the rest. It is in fact the covering that over-
shadows like the wings of the angels of the
covenant all other rights. Take it away, and
in no despotic Government is a man so bereft
of right as in that republic which thus deprives
its citizens of the only means by which they can
render their servants accountable for their
actions. In fact such deprivation reduces the
citizen to the necessity of taking up arms in
order to reassert his manhood. Thus you
prepare the way for revolution hereafter; and
revolution which we ourselves have always
justified in other nations, on the ground that
the fact of their having no voice in their Gov-
ernments gave them the right to resort to that
ultima ratio of nations and men which has
decided so many political contests, but not
without an appalling loss of both blood and
treasure. Indeed, the ground of our own rev-
olution was that we were denied a voice in
making our own laws; we were compelled to
submit to taxation without representation.
Can we compel peaceably on the part of others
that which we resisted to the shedding of blood
ourselves?
But some may say that it is dangerous to
extend the suffrage to a race illy prepared to
exercise it. Is not the foreigner who comes
to our shores totally unacquainted with our
manners and customs, our political and so-
cial characteristics, after a short probation
admitted into full fellowship with the politi-
cal family? Will my colleague, Mr. Rogers,
the leaderofthe Democratic side of the House,
who is very ready to pronounce a particu-
lar race as unfit to exercise the rights of
freemen, dare-pronounce the same ban upon
the foreigner? But this ability to exercise
the suffrage on the part of this large class of
persons must be looked upon in the light of
expediency if we once drop down from the
position of equal and exact justice to all men.
And what will expediency teach us on the sub-
ject? Simply that though there may be great
evils in extending the suffrage to the lately
enslaved race there may be still greater in
