1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 7, 186V.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. ,
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 31st of January,
1867, information in relation to the condition
of the Indians now located in the vicinity of
Lake Traverse, and Fort Wadsworth, Dakota
Territory, the part they took in the outbreak
in Minnesota in 1802, and the cause of their
being permitted to remain near the Minnesota
frontier; which, on motion of Mr. Ramsey,
was. referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution oF the Senate of Jan-
uary 24, 1867, the names of officers appointed
under the act of July 28,1866, who have not
joined their regiments or stations, also their
rank and the regiments to which they have
been assigned, together with the reasons why
they have not reported as ordered: which, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, was ordered to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
AMENDMENT OF COPYRIGHT LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. >191) amendatory of the several
acts respecting copyrights, which wsfs to insert
between lines nine and ton of the second sec-
tion (lie words " to give a receipt for the same
if requested, and.''
The amendment was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
FRANOIIISK IN TKN'.N'UXSHH.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to present a dispatch
which 1 think will communicate to the Senate
the announcement of tho greatest victory that
lias been achieved since the rebellion com-
menced.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be sent to
the Chair ami read.
Mr. FOWLFR. 1 will send it to the desk
and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sasiivili.K, TKVXEHHEK, February 0, 18C7.
W. 1!. S'toKrs mid J. >s, Ji'owr.rut:
Tho batllo istvon ; bill nas.soil lluusi" tlii.s afloruoon
ayes ;1H, noes 23. Oaaso ot* humnn projrrc^« moves.
J.J. NOATI.
8. M. AlUNHLIi.
HOUSE BILLS RHratUKD.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia :
A bill (II. R. No. lllil) declaring and fixing
the rights of volunteers as a part of the Army;
A bill (II. R. No. lia-j) to extend to gen-
eral ofiicers on the retired list tho benefit of
the additional ration for every five years' ser-
vice ;
A ''HI (II. U. No. 1136) to amend the act
establishing tho National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 26!)) for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has reeei/ed and been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of George W. Staples,
praying for an amendment of the law relating
to national banking associations. The peti-
tion sets forth that it is the practice ot the
banks in tho city of New York to certify to
the checks of many persons, brokers princi-
pally, doing a large business with the banks
when those persons have no funds in the bank,
and that such a practice is of very disastrous
effect upon the banks and upon the public,
stockholders and others. He prays for a law
that shall subject to penalties officers who thus
certify when there are no funds in the banks.
This petition, if there be no objection, will be
received, together with the bill accompanying
it, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. j?QMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an ap-
propriation to enable the Department of Agri-
culture to make a scientific investigation of the
disease among the cattle of that and adjoining
States, commonly known as the "Spanish
fever;" which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of mer-
chants of New York, praying for amendments
to the warehouse bill, approved March 16,
1866, requiring goods, wares, and merchandise
deposited in bond in any bonded warehouse to
be withdrawn for consumption in one year or
be subject to an additional duty of ten per cent.,
so as not to subject tea, coffee, sugar, spices,
and the raw produce of the East Indies to the
additional duty of ten per cent.; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the direct-
ors and stockholders of the Dorchester Union
Freestone Company of New York city, remon-
strating against the tax of four dollars per ton
on imported building stone ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the gaugers
employed at the custom-house, port of New
York, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. D AYIS presented the petition of Parker
Quince, praying for compensation for services
rendered as collector of internal revenue in
North Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Petaluma, California, praying for the
passage of an act for the settlement and deter-
mination of tho titles to the streets, alleys,
squares or plazas, and lots on tho public latids
in that city; which was ordered to lie upon
tho table, a bill covering the case having been
reported.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the Army and Marino corps of the United
States, praying for an increase of pay by re-
storing the commutation of the Army ration to
fifty cents ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Ho also presented three petitions of seamen,
firemen, coal-passers, and marines, praying
for a bounty of $100 a year, or eight and one
third dollars per month for each month of
service ; which were referred fo the Committee
on Military Affairs and tho Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of a
committee of the National Association of State
and City School Superintendents, held in the
city of Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing for the establishment of a national Bureau
of Education; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Ho also presented a petition of omployfis in
the 10xecutive Departments of tho Government,
praying that the tenure of offices now hold in
the civil service by all honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors who were permanently dis-
abled by wounds received or by diseases con-
tracted in the scrviee of tho country during tho
late war maybe changed so as to continue dur-
ing good behavior; which was referred to tho
Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of the
officers of the Mercantile Library Company of
Philadelphia, remonstrating against the repeal
of the law which allowed tho importation, duty
free, of all books, maps, &c., intended for pub-
lic libraries, colleges, and other literary insti-
tutions ; which was ordered to lie upon the
table, the Senate having acted upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. LANE presented a petition of employes
in the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, pfaying that the tenure of offices now
held in the civil service by all honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors who were perma-
nently disabled by wonnds received or disease
contracted in the service of the country during
the late war may be fixed to continue during
good behavior ; .which was referred to the joint
select Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. ROSS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of the establish-
ment of a daily mail route from Troy to Leaven-
worth in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the payment to
certain non-commissioned officers and privates
of company G, eighth regiment Kansas Vet-
eran volunteers, of the extra bounty to which
thoy were' entitled under the terms of their
enlistment, and which they failed to receive
through the fraud or negligence of an officer
of tho United States : which was referred to
tho Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. ^
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas in favor of an increase of the
pensions to the surviving soldiers of tho war of
1812 ; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. YATES presentedthe petition of Nancy
A. Stocks, widow of Reuben Stocks, private
company K, eighteenth regiment Illinois vol-
unteer infantry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to tho Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of Susan Ten Eyck Williamson, widow of
Captain Charles L. Williamson, United States
Navy, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Ho also presented the petition of Charles S.
Woodruff, praying to be indemnified for certain
United States bonds and a compound-interest
note, which ho alleges were accidentally de-
stroyed by him in the burning of certain old
letters; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. NORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a tri-weekly mail route from Man-
kato, in Blue Earth county, through Medalia
and Jackson, to Sioux city, in Iowa, via Spirit
lake; which was referred to tho Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of mer-
chants of New York, praying that tea, coffee,
sugar, spices, and the raw products of tho East
and West Indies may not be subject to the
additional ten per cent, duty if they remain in
bond over ono year, and that when withdrawn
for consumption they shall only pay duty on
the actual amount withdrawn ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have been requested
to ask that F. A. Patterson be permitted to
withdraw from the files the papers relative to
a claim made by him to Congress upon which
a bill was passed as a law at the last session
of Congress. He wants to use tho papers for
some purpose, exactly what purpose I do not
know; but as I understand from a colleague
of mine in the House a bill was passed last
session in his favor, and he asks leave to with-
draw the paper on which tho bill was passed.
Leave was granted.
reports op committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the officers and members of the
Newsboys' Association of Washington, pray-
ing for a change in the name of their associa-
tion and an addition to their powers, reported a
bill (S. No. 573) supplementary to the act
incorporating the Newsboys' Home, and
providing for the relief of certain minor chil-
dren in the District of Columbia. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 252) to permit Captain John
A. Webster, jr., of the steamer Mahoning, to
