1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and the third an amendment of the Senate
increasing the salaries of some of their em-
ployes. It was supposed by the committee
they had a light to agree in some and disagree
in others. Before making the report I inquired
of a gentleman, supposed to be a good parlia-
mentarian, whether this was admissible, and
he said it was.
Acting upon the supposition that it was cor-
rect practice to bring the two Houses in the
next conference as near together as possible
by narrowing down the labors of the committees
to three points only, it seemed to us, if the
House and Senate should concur in the report i
of the committee as to all the other disagree-
ments it would facilitate action upon the sub-
ject if we made a report as far as we had gone.
So far as I am concerned I have no wish in
regard to the acceptance of the report. The
House can do as it pleases in regard to it. If
the report made by the committee of confer-
ence accords with the views of the House so
far as we have agreed, I see no impropriety in
the House agreeing to the report, and thus nar-
rowing the matter down.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to make
an inquiry. Do we understand that the con-
ference committee did agree entirely as to the
salary of judges, or that they agreed as to some
of the salaries and differed as to the rest? l
Mr. FARNS WORTH. They came to an r
agreement upon this subject.
The three questions that I have mentioned, I
namely, the salaries of the judges the pay of :
employes of the House, and the increased pay
of some of the employes of the Senate, are the I
remaining questions upon which the two Houses i
are at loggerheads. We agree as to all others. |
I will state that amendment No. 9, from
which the committee of the House recedes by
this report, is in regard to the Congressional
Globe. We agreed to concur in the Senate
amendment. It will be recollected that the
House adopted a provision giving notice to
the Globe that we would terminate the con-
tract to receive complete sets of the Globe
for every new member of the House and Sen-
ate after the Fortieth Congress. In the opin-
ion of the Senate it was necessary, in order to
enable Congress to terminate its contract for
publishing the debates, that a like notice should
be given; therefore the Senate put in a pro-
vision giving the Globe notice that it would
terminate the contract for publishing the pro-
ceedings of Congress as well as for supplying
new members with complete sets of the Globe
at the expiration of the Fortieth Congress,
thus leaving Congress at liberty if it can make
a better bargain, either with the Globe or any
other publishing-house, or if it can do it cheaper
at the Government Printing Office, to do so. It
is simply giving the required notice and reliev-
ing ourselves from the obligation of continuing
the publication.
The next amendment from which the House
receded is the amendment of the Senate pro-
viding S50,000 to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ temporary clerks. The
committee were satisfied, from investigating
the subject, that it was necessary to put in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, as we
had done in the case of the Postmaster Gen-
eral and some other heads of the Departments,
a sum sufficient to enable him from time to
time to employ temporary clerks. Frequently
the House of Representatives calls upon the
Secretary for information which it requires a
number of extra clerks to furnish, and unless
he has this sum he cannot do it.
The twenty-eighth amendment, from which
the committee of the House receded, is an
amendment of the Senate in reference to the
Supreme Court, which provides that in case
the Supreme Court directs its reporter at any
time to publish a second volume he shall be
allowed therefor $1,500. He is allowed now
by law ยง2,500 for a single volume. If he is
directed to publish the second volume he is to
be allowed, upon depositing the necessary
number of copies with the Secretary of War,
$1,500 additional.
The thirty-fifth amendment from which the
committee of the House receded is an amend-
ment of the Senate increasing by some $300
the appropriation to pay the policemen em-
ployed at the President's House, which seemed
to be right and proper. It is a very small
matter.
The forty-fifth amendment from which we
receded is an amendment of the Senate strik-
ing out the third section of the bill, which pro-
vides that parties, whether white or black, may
testify in suits against the Government of the
United States. It seemed to us very proper
that parties in suits against the United States
in the Court of Claims should not be per-
mitted themselves to be witnesses, whether
white or black. Therefore we concurred in
the amendment of the Senate. The effect of
the report is to prevent parties being witness^
where there is no party to testify against them.
In case of suits against the Government the
Government can testify only by its agents who
are competent witnesses for either party.
The only'remaining amendment from which
the committee of the House receded is an
amendment of the Senate authorizing the em-
ployment of additional clerks in the Pension
Office. I have no doubt that the House will
very willingly accede to that. I think every
member of the House is well aware that the
business of that bureau is very far in arrear.
It is almost impossible for a widow to get her
pension papers through under twelve months.
These are all the amendments from which
we recede. The Senate recede from a larger
number.
Mr. CONKLING. If the gentleman will
allow me, in the hope of relieving the House
from this dilemma, and believing as I do that
we can Agree as to all the amendments, I
will move that the House disagree to this
report, and that a further conference on the
part of the House be appointed. I say I be-
lieve the two Houses can agree in spite of the
fact that I was on one of these committees
which failed to agree.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope the chairman of the
committee will give us a statement as to what
amendments the committee on the part of the
Senate disagreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will not consent to any increase of com-
pensation to the present reporter of the Su-
preme Court for the reason that he is unfit for
the position he now holds. I know nothing
personally of the present reporter of the Su-
preme Court, but I do know that in the case of
Havemyer vs. Iowa county, which originated
in our State, he has taken occasion to indulge
in a gratuitous and unfounded statement insult-
ing to the judges of the supreme court of our
State, and through them to the judges of other
States where they are elected by the people.
He has inserted in the report of that case a
statement or an intimation that our judges were
influenced to make the decision they did by a
desire to court popular favor. I pronounce
the statement to be absolutely false, without
the slightest foundation in truth. And, sir, no
man who had the slightest regard for propriety,
or the least regard for what was becoming and
decent in the discharge of his duties as reporter,
would have indulged in such an intimation.
He seems to have an irrepressible desire to
write himself down a blackguard in the reports
of our highest judicial tribunal. Our judges
need no defense at my hands, for every one
who has any knowledge on the subject will
agree with me when I assert that the judges of
our supreme court are as little obnoxious to
the charge brought against them by this re-
porter as the judges of any State in the Union,
without any exception.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I will call
the previous question. It will amount to the
same as the other proposition if the House
refuses to adopt the report.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to the gentle-
man to allow me a moment. Every gentleman
will see that should a future conference be
appointed the hope of agreeing rests very largely
upon the fact that the committee may take all
the subjects of concession and compromise into
consideration. If the House should so vote
that the next conference committee is conclu-
ded with regard to every amendment except
those in reference to which the two committees
have already failed to agree, it is very improb-
able that a future committee on the part of
this House will be able to agree with a commit-
tee on the part of the Senate. But if all these
amendments are left to be acted upon together
as a subject of concession, if I may so say, it is
very Jikely they will agree. Therefore I ask
the gentleman, both with a view of reaching the
result desired and of economizing time, to
allow the House to vote upon the question of
non-concurrence in this report and also of
appointing a further conference committee.
Looking at the statute I am satisfied that a
portion, if not all of the preceding conferees,
acted under a misimpression with regard to
the salary of the reporter. I find that the act
of 1850, which has not been amended since,
gives to the reporter additional compensation
for an additional volume, and all the compen-
sation he should have. Therefore, it is proper,
with regard to this and everything else, that
the third conference committee shall act in the
light of all the facts as they shall reveal them-
selves at the time, and I trust the gentleman
will allow a vote to be taken on the motion to
disagree to the report, and appoint another com-
mittee, which shall be so circumstanced that
the two committees will have all the oppor-
tunity that we can properly give them to come
to an agreement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say in
reply that, personally, I care nothing about this
except to facilitate business. But this confer-
ence committee has experienced a great deal
of difficulty in coming to an agreement as far
as we did. We have labored pretty faithfully
for nearly two days. After the first committee
had left the matter all open, and it seemed to
ns it would very much narrow the labors of the
next committee if they should be reduced to
three points of disagreement only, provided
the two Houses will accept the report.
Mr. SPALDING. How many points of
difference were there altogether?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some thirty or forty.
Mr. SPALDING. And they are reduced to
three.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand the Senate
has agreed to the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has.
Mr. CONKLING. That is precisely the
reason why we ought to disagree and appoint
another committee of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because the Senate
has agreed ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It so happens that
the Senate is obliged to act upon the matter
first according to the rule. I suppose if the
Senate had disagreed we would insist upon
another committee. That is the only way we
could get it before us, to let the Senate act
upon it first.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to makp a
remark in answer to what the gentleman has
stated. He is not correctly informed when he
says the other committee left this matter all
open. On the contrary, we came much nearer
to an agreement than the present committee.
With reference especially to one amendment,
the last to which the gentleman referred, the
committee did practically agree ; for although
an agreement was not embodied in form we
saw that as to that we could agree. I refer to
the compensation of employes in the other
House. So instead of leaving the matter open
we came much nearer to an agreement than
the present committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether he proposes before he takes his
seat to give a statement of the different amend-
ments from which the Senate recedes. If not,
