1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
receive from the Government of Great Britain
a gold chronometer, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 235) to amend an aet entitled
"An aet for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1863, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 153) authorizing the President of the
United States to prevent the infliction of cor-
poral punishment in the States lately in rebel-
lion, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of Charles W. Buck, late acting master
United States Navy, praying compensation for
loss of property by the-capture and destruction
of the steamer Water Witch by the rebels, in
June, 1864, direct me to report it back, and ask
to be discharged from its further consideration.
The committee were not willing to report
against the memorial, but it was not accom-
panied by any evidence, and the committee
were unable to get from the Department satis-
factory evidence of any equity on the part of
the memorialist.
The committee were discharged.
prevention 01? smuggling.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Conynittee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House to the bill (S. No. 525) supple-
mentary to an act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes, approved July 18, 1860,
have directed me to report it back with a rec-
ommendation that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House, and 1 ask for imme-
diate action upon it if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House, which was to add to the bill the follow-
ing additional sections:
And be it further enacted, That section twenty-six
of the act aforesaid bo so amended that tho Secretary
of tho Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized in
his discretion to make such regulations as shall ena-
ble vessels engaged in the coasting trade between
ports and places upon Lake Michigan exclusively,
and laden with American productions and froo mer-
chandise only, to unload their cargoes without pre-
viously obtaining a permit to unload.
A n't be it further enacted, That section twenty-five
of said aet be hereby amended by inserting the word
"March" m the place of " July" in said section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has that been to the
Committee on Commerce?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
reported from that committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they x-ecommend
a concurrence?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; that is the
report of the committee.
The amendment was concurred in.
printing of a report.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the letter of tho Secretary of War
addressed to the chairman of tho Committco on Com-
merce, transmitting an extract from the preliminary
report of Brevet Major General Gt. K. Warren on tho
survey of the Upper Mississippi, &e., relative to the
improvement of the i'ox and Wisconsin riveis, be
printed for the uso of tho Senate.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, Thatthe bill (S. So.509) to amend certain
acts m relation to the Navy be recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
575) to encourage commerce and internal trade
by facilitating direct importations; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous eon-
Bent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
570) relating to appeals and writs of error to
the Supreme Oburt; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 574) to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas-
Light Company, in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
minister at stockholm.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Besolved, That the President of the United Statos
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of any recont correspondence between the De-
partment of State and the_ minister of the United
States at Stockholm in relation to the reported trans-
fer of this minister from Stockholm to Bogota.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed tho following bills and
joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) for the relief of
the members of the twenty-first New York
cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1137) for the relief of
Oliver Lu mphrey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1138) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the payment
of horses and other property lost in the mili-
tary service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1849;
A bill (II. R. No. 1049) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations," &e.,
'approved July 28,1866, giving additional boun-
ties to discharged soldiers in certain cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1139) for the relief of
Captain David Beaty's company of independ-
ent scouts;
A bill (H. R. No 1140) to repeal the twelfth
section of an act approved July 17, 1802, enti-
tled "An act to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of tho Army, and for other
purposes;"
A bill (II. R. No. 1141) to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of ground adjoining
tho Alleghany Arsenal at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 22G) extend-
ing the provisions of section two of an act
entitled " An act to extend the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermasters'
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States, approved July
4, 1864;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 266) granting
ccrtain public property to the State of Ohio;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 267) for the
reduction of the military reservation at Fort
Riley, and to grant land for bridge purposes to
the State of Kansas ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
vices ;
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 270) for the
relief of J. II. Riley ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 271) author-
izing the Secretary of War to adjust and settle
the claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 272) fixing
the pay of the clerks at the Springfield armory;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 274) for the
relief of Charles B. Wilder.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 874) to regulate the duties of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives in preparing
for the organization of the House, and for other
purposes ; and the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 902)
to declare the sense of an act entitled "An aet
to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
and to provide for the payment of certain de-
mands for quartermasters' stores and subsist-
ence supplies furnished the Army of the Uni-
ted States; and they were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate.
COMPENSATION 01? CIVIL EMPLOYES.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
224) giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Government
at Washington, the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Doolittle to amend the
amendment proposed by Mr. Wilijams, by in-
serting before "State," in line nine, the word3
" Executive Mansion."
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I should like to have
some reason given for that.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I will simply state that
one of the watchmen employed in the Execu-
tive Mansion called on me and stated that the
resolution as it stood made a distinction be-
tween them and tho watchmen employed in the
Departments. That is all the information I
had on the subjcct. I supposed tho samo.rule
should apply to watchmen there as elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference is that
the watchmen at the Executive Mansion get
$900 apiece, while the watchmen in the De-
partments get only $720. The whole matter
was revised in regard to the Executive Mansion
last year and the compensation of all tho em-
ployes there fixed. I think the watchmen there
were thou put on the same footing with watch-
men at the Capitol, who got more than watch-
men in the Departments. I am not convinced
that this amendment ought to be made. The
proposition in the shape it is now put by the
honorable Senator from Oregon is predicated
upon the idea that these salaries were fixed at
a recent period, and therefore ought not to be
increased.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have already slated
that the only information I have received
was 
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Allow me to call the
Senator's attention to this clause in the appro-
priation bill, which 1 propose to take up to-day:
" For compensation of two watchmen at the
President's House, $1)440." We propose to
corroct that by making the amount $1,800,
under a law passed in 18GC fixing their salaries
at S'-IOO. The watchmen in the Departments
get $720.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That being the state
of the case, of course I shall not insist on my
amendment. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEWART. I propose an amendment
to the amendment by inserting in the eight-
eenth line, after the word" meters," the words
" and tho crier and messengers of the Supreme
Court of the United States." These persons
receive by a law passed some years ago three
dollars a day during the session of the court,
and no more. I spoke to the chairman of the
Finance Committee the other day in regard to
them, and ho was under the impression that
their pay was fixed by some arrangement al-
lowed by the couit. That is not the fact; it
is fixed by law at three dollars a day, and they
are only paid during the days they are actually
in service, so that it amounts to a very small
compensation. Twentyper cent, onthat makes
but a small amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are at liberty to
attend to other business at other times. They
are paid oufof tho, judiciary fund. There are
several cases whore men are paid out of a
fund that is placed at the discretion of par-
ticular officers. I think that these officers are
of that class, and the law does not fix their
compensation.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, it does; a statute
fixes it at throe dollars a day, and it is the
only compensation allowed to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is while they are
actually employed during the session of tho
court, and they are at perfect liberty to attend
to other business during all ™e rest of the
year, and indeed can carry on other business
all the time. There is no rea.on why we
should go out of the Departments into the
Supreme Court. We might just as well extend
