1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
excluding them altogether and for all time from
it. By so doing you raise up a class of per-
sons alien and foreign to the Commonwealth;
you create a governing and a governed class
in the United States; you give the power of
life and death to the former over the latter;
you place the property and liberty of one man
at the control of another; yon create castes
and distinctions in society; you raise up a
class of tyrannical task-masters to reign over
a mass of outcasts, and between both you place
a gulf over which no man can pass. Think
you that under such a condition of things
republicanism would be possible? Think you
that the evils of an extended suffrage would
not be altogether less than the evils of a con-
dition of society, for a parallel to which we
must only look to misgoverned Ireland or to
the oppressed and exhausted Provinces of the
British empire of India?
Yes, gentlemen, suffrage is a delusion and a
snare if it cannot be extended to every man
created in the image and likeness of his Maker,
then is our whole system of government an
error of such gigantic proportions as to involve
our country in ruin and destruction. For good
or evil we are committed to the doctrine of
equal rights to all men. For good or evil we
are bound to follow it to its legitimate conclu-
sions. Where it may lead us no human eye
may be able to see, but where the opposite
principle would ultimately leave us, a stranded
and hopeless wreck upon the shores of time, any
ordinary mind can foresee. But we know that
while following the lead of universal suffrage
we are carrying out the principles of justice
and humanity, which are the eternal verities
of God himself; and where these point ,it is
certainly more safe to presume is the path most
likely to conduct us to unity, peace, and pros-
perity.
Somepersons indeed favor universal suffrage,
but couple it with a general amnesty. By this
' -they propose to set off justice to a wronged
and oppressed race against an act of unmerited
mercy to their oppressors, who have been at
the satfie time rebels against national authority.
I am opposed to any such bartering of right
for wrong: of justice for mistaken mercy. I
look upon such a bargain as jeopardizing the
safety of the nation, which has already cost
such fearful sacrifices of life and treasure.
Sains populi supremo, est lex is my motto in
this and every case relating to public affairs.
And I religiously believe that the safety of the
Bepublic requires that the leading spirits of the
late rebellion should be deprived of the power,
by simple exclusion from office, of again ex-
perimenting upon the life of the nation. At
the South public sentiment more than at the
North is created by the governing class. This
arises from the absence of wide-spread educa-
tional facilities; from the fact that political dis-
cussions take the form rather of oral communi-
cations in mass-meetings than of printed argu-
ments in the press. Consequently the leaders
of the South always speak from their hearts to
the hearts of the masses. In the North, on
the other hand, the leaders more generally
speak to the reason. Thus at the South, while
the leaders have almost supreme at the North
they have but a limited control over the
masses, the cffect of which is easily set aside
by argument and discussion. To give these
southern leaders, then, during the present
generation another opportunity to "fire the
southern heart" is a scheme to which I am
unalterably opposed. And especially am I
opposed 'to it when it is linked with a propo-
sition to do that which the Constitution makes
it peremptory on us to perform; that is, to
render equal and exact justice to every member
of the political family of these United States.
I have spoken in strong terms of the coursc
of the Executive in the late political contest.
I was for a long time loth to believe that ho
had really and for good or evil linked himself
with the political enemies of his country. But
the fact was forced upon me at length by re-
peated, acts of usurpation on his part, which
have called down upon his head the indignation
of a deceived -and outraged people. If is now
evident that the Executive, almost immediately
upon the death of the late lamented President,
linked himself with that party which had all
through the war, by every means short of
actual aid in the field, allied itself with the
enemies of the country. Upon his accession
to his present place he and that party inaugu-
rated a plan of restoration designed to bring
back the rebels to power, and when thus brought
back in allianee with the Democracy they were
again to role the country in the interests of the
South and its institutions. The doctine of
State rights was once more to become the rul-
ing policy of the country. The States were to
be restored to that commanding position which
made them the arbiters of the fate of the Gen-
eral Government; rebel debts were to be
acknowledged; rebel claims were to be paid.
It is patent to all that Mr. Johnson lent
himself to all the schemes of the most violent
partisan Democratic and rebel politicians.
They loudly boasted that he was with them,
and that what he did to-day was but a foretaste
of what he would do to-morrow when the pub-
lic mind had been properly prepared for some
new outrage or usurpation. Instead of allying
himself with Union men in Congress, he con-
sorted and counseled with rebels, traitors, and
bitter partisan Democrats. Every act of his
administration has been inspired by the counsels
of such perons. Every, attack upon the Govern-
ment was applauded by their claqners. In fine, if
the late president of the so-called confederacy
had been in the Executive chair, he could not
more zealously have espoused the cause of his
late associates than has Mr. Johnson. The only
difference would be that he would have carried
on his crusade against the people of the North
with more tact and discretion because of his
greater ability, superior educational advan-
tages, and more extensive acquaintance with
the courtesies and amenities of civilized life.
No wonder that the public clamor for his
impeachment when they reflect on the long,
list of offenses he has committed against the
party and the principles which placed him in
power. What are a few of these offenses?
We find him immediately upon entering upon
the duties of his office, without consultation
with the law-making power, legislating for the
southern States in the most autocratic manner.
We find him assuming powers which Con-
gress only can exercise.
We find him laying down laws for whole
sections of the country; in fact, making and
unmaking statutes for the people of tke United
States.
We find him assuming to decide who are
and who are not citizens of the United States.
We find him excluding loyal men from the
right of suffrage.
We find him authorizing unpardoned rebels
to exercise the same right.
We find him thus banding over the rebel
States to disloyal men, and putting the loyal
under their tyrannical sway.
We find him thus elevating rebels who had
fought to destroy the Union, and putting down
loyal men who had fought to preserve it.
We find him appointing men governors of
States whose hands were yet red with the blood
of slaughtered Union citizens and soldiers.
We find him letting loose the rebel blood-
hounds in New Orleans upon a legal and peace-
able assembly of loyal men. The result was
a massacre such as froze the heart of the North
with horror and dismay, and caused every loyal
southern heart to utterly despair of his country.
We find him afterward shaking the blooily
hands of those murderers in the reception-room
of the Presidential Mansion, while he compli-
mented them upon the manner in which they
had executed his programme for wiping out
loyalty at the South.
We find him denouncing this body as an
usurpation.
We find him not satisfied with exciting the
passions of the mob against the lawful author-
ity of Congress through the press by the ful-
minations of himself and satellites, but de-
scending to the arena of stump oratory in this
and other cities, and delivering harangues cal-
culated not only to excite a breach of the
peace, but a revolution of the Government
itself.
We find him, on pretense of laying the cor-
ner-stone of a monument to a deceased states-
man, repeating those harangues at every point
on his route, the only object of which Was to
bring the Congress of the United States into
contempt and derision. * "
Such a catalogue of high crimes and mis-
demeanors was never before presented against
any executive officer in the whole range of
history as can be presented by the present
Congress against Andrew Johnson, President
of these United States.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, let me again
impress upon the House the importance of the
questions decided in the late political contest.
They cannot, indeed, be overrated. But that
one which is really the most important of all,
and which includes all the others in the scope
and bearing of its almost measureless influ-
ences, is that once and forever the United
States is a nation, not a simple confederacy of
States. From that day the country takes a new
departure in its progress toward its final des-
tiny. From that day it stands forth a nation
in the family of nations, and has a mission to
fulfill which was impossible before the war.
- Why, sir, who cannot see that the American
continent was created to be the abode of one
people, and that the artificial incidents of its
settlement by its present inhabitants intensify -
and make more self-evident the original destiny
of the country. There are on the North Ameri-
can continent no great national barriers between
the different parts of the country. The only
really gigantic barrier, the Bocky mountain
chain, running north and south, is easily pierced
by the artificial highways essential to modern
civilization. In a few short years the whistle of
the locomotive will wake the echoes of its snow-
capped peaks, and the Atlantic and Pacific will
be indissolubly united by those iron bands which
will be as hooks of steel binding East and West
in eternal amity. The slopes of the continent,
from north to south and from west to east, are
gradual and almost unbroken. Its rivers are
navigable for great distances inward. Its pro-
ductions—mineral, vegetable, and animal—are
almost similar in character and species, save
the natural characteristic features created by
isothermal distinctions, which are, however,
gradual and not abrupt, as is the case in other
continents. As to artificial causes that create
and foster similarity, our people are of one lan-
guage ; and if there are varieties of race these
latter are so blended and harmonized by contact
and accretion that the marked features of dis-
tinction which characterize other quarters of the
globe are in this, if not wholly absent, almost
entirely erased.
In fine, while Europe presents the aspect of
variety in unity, both as regards natural aud
artificial features, America presents the aspect
of unity with little variety. And this is one
great reason that great revolutionary move-
ments in politics, literature, and religion appear
to sweep over the country from one end to the
other with a resistless power and effect which
arc often even appalling by the very force and
depth of their movement. Such a revolution
was our late war and such the late political
contest which succeeded it. Let us ponder
upon their consequences and effects: but above
all let ug not forget that both settled the ques-
tion of America's nationality in spite of the
opposition of not only the rebels in the field
and their sympathizers at the ballot-box. but
of the President bringing to bear all the power
and patronage of the Government to thwart
the will of the people.
Mr. Speaker, it is a source of extreme mor-
tification and regret that my congressional dis-
trict cannot claim a full share of.the honor
achieved in the contest from which wo have
just emerged, but it must not be inferred that
any portion of my Bepublican constituents have
deserted theirpmwiples. The result was effected
