1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Can the gentleman with- J
Not -without consent of}
Mr. LE BLOND
draw it?
The SPEAKER.
the House ? . , I
Mr. LE BLOND. Then the House might
attach the tariff bill to it. j
The SPEAKER. Not by a majority vote.
Mr. ALLEY. This resolution passed both
Houses unanimously. It has received the ap-
proval of the Committee of Ways and Means
here and the Committee on Finance in the
Senate. If I had two minutes to explain it I
am sure it would not be objected to. j
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object. j
Mr. ALLEY. It is merely to prevent frauds :
upon the revenue.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 70, not voting
44; as follows:
YE 4S—Messrs. Alley. Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman,
Blaino, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall,Buck-
land, Cobb, Conkling, Darling. Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eekley, Farquhar, Ferry,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Henderson, Higby,
Holmes. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
JIubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II.Hubbard, James
R.Hubbell, Hulburd, Kelley, Ketcham.Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, McClurg, Mercnr, Miller, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pilte, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer.
Hamilton Ward, William B. Washburn, Welber.
Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—77. ,, ^ ,
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Arnell, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer, Bromwell, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Bggleston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth.Finck.Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hill, Hise. Hooper, Kdwin N. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Julian, Kasson,K_err,
Koontz. Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich,
Loan. Marshall, Maynard, Moulton, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noeil, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Price, Radford, Bit-
ter, Ross, Shankiin.Sitgreaves, Sloan,Stilwcll, Stokes,
Tabcr, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H.
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, and James F. Wil-
son—70. _
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bidwell,
Bingham, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook, Culver, Delano, Denison, Driggs, Dumont,
Eliot, Garfield. Ilogan, Jenckes, Kelso, Longyear,
Marquette, McCullough. Mclndoe, McKee, Mcltuer,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck,
Spalding, Starr, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Van Aernain, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, ElihuB. Washburne, Winlield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—14.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the House refused to suspend the rules.
artificial limbs for soldiers.
• Mr. DEMING, by unanimous sconsent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
joint resolution for the relief of soldiers who
are entitled to artificiallimbs ; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that out of any appropriations made, or
that hereafter maybe made, for supplying sol-
diers who have served in the late rebellion with
artificial limbs, the Secretary of War shall be
authorized to pay to said soldiers, at their
option, an amount of money equivalent to the
contract price of said artificial limbs, in lieu
of the order now furnished for said limbs.
Mr. ROSS. I understand this to be a reso-
lution to provide artificial limbs for soldiers
who served in the late rebellion. I object to
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Does the resolution pro-
pose to supply these limbs to soldiers on both
sides in the late war?
Mr. DEMING. The object of the resolution
is to authorize the War Department to furnish
to those soldiers who are entitled to artificial
limbs the equivalent of those limbs in money
instead of orders for the limbs themselves.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to have the reso-
lution amended so that it will specify on which
side these soldiers fought. I am perfectly
willing to furnish legs to everybody, [laugh-
ter] 
Mr. DEMING. I modify my resolution so
that it will read " for supplying soldiers who
have served in the war against the late rebel-
lion with artificial limbs."
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LAFLIN. I resunie the floor.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut, and for the last time.
unauthorized expenditures.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations:
Resolved, That if any Government officer or con-
tractor shall hereafter make expenditures in an-
ticipation of appropriations and without authority
of law, the Government will in no case assume to pay
such expenditure.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me, that I may ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution.
Sir. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
free importation of machinery,
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask leave to introduce
the following joint resolution:
Be it retolvrd, <£-c„ That for one year from and
after the passage of this joint resolution machinery
for the manufacture of beet sugar, and imported
for that purpose solely,shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. ROSS. Supposing that it is intended
to tack on a tariff bill to that resolution I
object to its introduction.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to suspend the
rules to allow me to introduce this resolution.
If gentlemen would listen attentively to the
resolution there would not be an objection to it.
Mr. ROSS. I am afraid it has something to
do with the tariff bill, and therefore I object.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It has nothing what-
ever to do with it, sir. What this resolution
provides for ia much needed. You want it
yourself, and all your constituents want it.
Mb- CHANLER. Is it designed to admit
machinery for the manufacture of sorghum ?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Beet sugar.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, that ia the same
thing. I am afraid that my friend is forgetting
the interests of the great West.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is a subject with
which I am very little acquainted personally.
I only know that this is asked for by gentlemen
who have expended very large sums of money
for agricultural purposes, and who are per-
fectly familiar with the subject and know the
necessity for it.
Mr. FINCK- I object to discussion.
The SPEAKER, the gentleman from Ohio
objects to debate, and debate is not in order.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I demand tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hotchkiss
and Mr. Ross were appointed.
Mr. WENTWORTIL While the House is
dividing I 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
tennessee contested election.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the petition of Dorsey
B. Thomas, contesting the right of Hon. Sam-
uel M. Arnell, representing the sixth congres-
sional district of Tennessee, have instructed
me to make a verbal report.
Mr. Arnell was admitted to a seat in this
House upon his certificate at the commence-
ment of this session, and at that time the con-
test was commenced by the contestant, Mr.
Thomas. Owing to a misunderstanding between
the parties as to the admissibility of certain
testimony, the committee asked, and the House
granted, an extension of the time for taking
testimony in the case, which time expired on
last Saturday. The testimony was committed
to the Printer, and it only came back into the
hands of the committee on Tuesday of this
week. The committee were engaged in hearing
the parties until eleven o'clock to-day without
being able to conclude that hearing; and they
have instructed me to state these facts to the
House, and to ask the House to discharge them
from the further consideration of the case.
Before doing that, however, I am instructed
to state to the House some circumstances con-
nected with the case as a basis and as a reason
for the resolution which I propose to offer if
this report of the committee shall be accepted.
The contest depends mainly, Mr. Speaker,
upon the proper construction of the statute of
the State of Tennessee in reference to the regis-
tration of voters. The returns of votes in this
case to the office of the secretary of the Com-
monwealth of Tennessee give to Mr. Thomas,
the contestant, a majority of four hundred and
eighty-five. Under the construction put upon
the statute by the Governor of Tennessee, he
rejected so many of the votes comingfrom this
district, 3,000 in number, as to make the
majority in favor of Mr. Arnell, to whom he
accordingly gave the certificate of election.
While the case does not rest entirely upon
the construction of this statute, yet it is impos-
sible to cometo any conclusion in the case
without putting a construction upon it. But
that statute has now ceased to be in force in
Tennessee; it has been superseded by another
statute 
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. That statute has not ceased to be in
force, although some of its provisions have
been amended.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that the provision
in respect to the question in controversy has
ceased to be in force.
Mr. MAYNARD. It has been amended;
some additions have been made to it.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I believe I am
substantially correct in saying that upon the
construction of that statute depends, in large
measure, the determination of this case. Now,
the statute, if not absolutely repealed, has been
so altered that a construction of it, as it existed
at the time when this election was held, could
now be of no practical value ; and therefore
there will be no occasion hereafter, in refer-
ence to any subsequent election of members
of Congress in that State, to decide the ques-
tion whether in this case the Governor of
Tennessee put the right construction upon the
statute or not. It must now be apparent to
everybody that whatever conclusion the House
might come to in reference to the right of the
contestant would be of no practical conse-
quence either to him or to Mr. Arnell; and
inasmuch as it would also be of no practical
consequence to the people of the State of
Tennessee it was deemed best—indeed, it wag
deemed necessary, there being no other way
open for want of time—that the committee
should report back the papers, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the case. They have instructed me to say,
however, that they find no occasion to impugn
the motives or the fidelity of the Governor of
Tennessee ; but to say that upon the question
of the correctness of the construction put by
him upon the statute there is room for differ-
ence of opinion, and there is difference of opin-
ion among lawyers. In the condition of things
in Tennessee the Governor, without doubt,
acted up to what he believed to be his duty,
and in the opinion of many he acted correctly.
Upon that point, however, the Committee of
Elections, for the reasons I have stated, do not
desire to express an opinion.
On the other hand, the committee have in-
structed me to say that the contest on the part
of Mr. Thomas was conducted in good faith.
With a majority of four hundred and eighty-
five returned for him in the registry :n the
office of the secretary of the Commonwealth,
the committee were of opinion that it was his
