1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2 m
chain a devoted instructor on. charge of va-
grancy.
Small homesteads in numerous cases have
been taken away from their happy occupants
by the greed of pardoned rebels, and a border
State, that availed itself of the niilitary service
of thirty thousand of the colored race, imposes
a fine by law of five dollars, and takes from its
owner his gun, though he bought it of the Gov-
ernment, and bore it during the war. That
State,which is the adopted home of the now
royal prisoner at Portress Monroe, forbids,
by statute, negroes from purchasing or leasing
real-estate except in corporate cities and towns;
and thus in various forms do the States fill up
the measure of iniquity. That neither of the
States have cheerfully modified their laws;
that the murderers of the colored race by thou-
sands go unpunished, and that the more than
savage butcheries at Memphis and New Orleans
attest the spirit of the people ; what have we
to do but to hear the call of God, that we now
lay the foundations deep and strong, subjecting
the conquered neither to banishment nor to exe-
cution, but to laws which are impartial, and their
execution to our friends rather than to our ene-
mies?
Happily for our country, the rebel States spurn
the provisions of the constitutional amendment,
which relieves the Government from an obli-
gation to keep open the implied conditions, if
ever made. It spares us the dangers which
would attach to the return of rebels in spirit so
early, and the shame of being a party to giving
the rights of millions of a proscribed race into
the keeping of traitors to their country with
that motive only to enact impartial justice,
which is found in a promised increase of polit-
ical power.
Had their evil spirit been exorcised by a
sense of.their poverty, a consideration of their
crimes and the clemency of the Government,
the great party of freedom might have been
divided in counsel and a restoration possible
on a basis of white suffrage and rebel rule;
but now, thanks to the Almighty Ruler, who
causes the wrath of man to praise him, and
who from the revelation of human passion
brings the greatest deliveraftce, the way for
radical methods is open and the duty of Con-
gress made plain and the demand for action
imperative.
Congress has not yet breathed political vital-
ity into those States in rebellion. Their politi-
cal chaos is as complete as their rebellious deeds
were methodical and infernal. Brutality, chi-
canery, and a mysterious inspiration drawn from
the dispensary of power, exalts treason and
treads loyalty under foot, and the first duty of
Congress, and one which can no longer be
delayed, is to give an impartial, just, and con-
stitutional government to the people lately in
revolt. It is no mean or light work overturning
these State basliles '' that not one stone shall be
left upon another." It involves that reorgan-
ization spoken of by President .1 olmson '' when
the old leaders must be put aside and new men
brought forward.'' It summons the spirit which
inspired the martyred Lincoln at the cemetery
of Gettysburg to counsel " that we here highly
resolve that the dead shall not have died in
vain ; that the nation shall under God have a
new birth of freedom, and that the government
of the people by the people and for the people
shall not perish from the earth."
Too long have we delayed in establishing
governments for those leaders, the greatest of
criminals, and for those who surrendered un-
conditionally as prisoners of war. Our now
proposed leniency two years since would have
been regarded with gratitude and astonish-
ment.' Now we are cautioned not to fire the
southern heart, and the Constitution is cited
as in the way of that just policy of reconstruc-
tion which every true patriot desires, and who
but their timid confreres in crime and political
associates will doubt the power of the Congress
to protect its own citizens in the right of suf-
frage? Mr. Madison said:
" Should the peoplo of any State by any moans bo
deprived of the right of suffrage, it was judged proper
that it should be remedied by the General Govern-
ments"
We apply the remedy most proper by the
testimony of Justice Story, who in his Com-
mentary declares—
" That a perfect equality of rights, privileges, and
rank was contemplated by the Constitution among
all citizens."
In the opinion of the martyfed Lincoln the
laws and partialities growing out of slavery and
caste were alien to the spirit of the Constitu-
tion ; and it can be no secret that our present
Chief Justice holds that those States which had
disfranchised a majority of the people never
had a republican form of government. W e have
then the highest authority for striking at the
center of these aristocracies which have been
the nurseries of treason, and are bound by
every consideration of honor to see that there
is meted out impartial justice and full polit-
ical rights are assured to our friends who now
stand before us as the loyal but defenseless
victims of the master spirits of the late rebel-
lion. This is our opportunity. We are sum-
moned to the work of'' appropriate legislation''
which was to enforce the emancipation procla-
mation and to make haste as we remember the
late court decisions, and hear the supplications
of imperiled friends, witnesses of the carnival
of cruelty and blood in unconstructed States.
Nothing being more plainly decreed in the
book of fate than that the bondman was to be
free, is it less plain that having shown the
patience of a philosopher, intelligent sympathy
for our cause, and heroic devotion in the field,
that he is to have the rights of a freeman and
means for their protection? Dare we intrust
this work to those who feel "since I have
wronged you I have hated you ?" Can we be a
party to holding millions in a condition of serf-
dom while regarding the inference of our ene-
mies that it is less safe to intrust a loyal black
man with a ballot than alate disloyal white man?
No, the cure for evils in southern society is not
the whipping-post nor a remanding into partial
slavery, but the going forth of the citizen with
the responsibilities of a man, having a recogni-
tion by his Government, with the means for
mental and moral improvement, and a ballot
which both awakens respect and becomes a
weapon of defense.
■'Let us alone," they cry. That has been
the criminal's supplication in all time. "Give
us peace and guano," they ask. No, that is
not their great want, but the humility which is
one of the first evidences of sorrow for crime
and the humanity which will raise up the
lowly who have been the victims of their des-
potism. To become coequal members of our
political family they must open their eyes upon
the party wrecks, the strewn and broken tim-
bers which tell of the ignorant conservatism
of captain and pilot. Conservatism! That of
to-day offers neither a retreat for the man nor
a pledge for the growth and virtue of his party.
The idolaters of fossils who on all occasions
and with prolonged speech shout Constitution
are akin to that class described by the Virginian
who declared unwittingly that when they said
Union they meant nigger three times. They
propose to save nothing good which is really
endangered: and having intrusted their loco-
motion and progress to that very conservative
steed, with eyes turned backward to his load
and a facility for britehing labor rather than
with the collar makes only such, down-hill strides
as are easy and convenient to that memorable
abode of the chief conservatives of our time,
the slough of despond. All compassionate gen-
erals sparing of ammunition, fearful of the tem-
per of their sword ; neutral States and political
constitutional saviors have their day. and are to
sleep with the Bourbons of all nations.
These lessons cannot be lost upon the radical
governing power of the nation. Its mission is
to reform, to preserve, evoking into being a
freer, nobler life. Yielding a principle and
refusing to demand impartial justice through
fear it becomes occupied with sordid plans, dis-
gusts the moralist, and dampens the ardor of
the young and heroic whose service has been
determined by the nature of our boldness, con-
stancy, and trust in the Almighty Ruler. It is
a party only worthy of success, as represented
by the opposite of effete conservatism in the
bold and poetic imagery of Job, who lias in
his war horse pictured the worthy leaders in a
holy cause: "He paweth the valley and re-
joieeth in his strength. He goeth on to meet
the armed men. He mocketh at fear and is
not affrighted, neither turneth he back from
the sword. He saith among the trumpets Ha!
hal and he smelleth the battle afar off," the
thunder of the captains., and the shouting."
Sir, we are acting ia sublime concert with
the peoples of the world now overturning the
wrong and remodeling institutions as never be-
fore to insure popular rights. The plea and
demand for suffrage has the charm of an inspi-
ration and is in alliance with the power of
Omnipotence. Itgives that charmed eloquence
to England's great reformer which sways mul-
titudes like the forests bent by storms, and rocks
the chief power of Europe to its base. The
victorious arms of Prussia have enlarged the
sympathies of her nobility, and the liberal ideas
of King Frederick William have given univer-
sal suffrage to his Germanic dominions. Spain,
in preparation for this boon, assures a free edu-
cation. Alexander of Russia, more consider-
ate than the late " patriarchal masters" of our
Republic, builds school-houses for those born
in slavery and gives them a homestead, and bold
and timely action in behalf of our States wii
send cheer to millions in the Old World; while
a deferring of impartial suffrage will leave our
people of the boasted " free Republic" beneath
the subjects of king or autocrat.
^ Our war, with the revulsion of parties and
the exemplary conduct of those who are the
wards of the nation, have brought us most un-
looked-for colaborers, represented,as examples,
by the Boston Post, that embodiment of hunk-
erism, which declares "that to give suffrage to
the negroes on the same terms as is given to
the whites is wise, just, and politic." The
Chicago Times, in the past unequaled for
fervor in a had cause, if making no atone-
ment at least evinces its sagacity in this lan-
guage :
14 Is not negro suffrage inevitable, and is not the
quickest way to get the negro question out ot the way
at oneeto concede the suffrage, making issue oniy on
the degree to which it shall be conceded? We know
that many Democrats have not reached this ad-
vanced view of the ease and that such still feci in-
clined to revolt at the proposition of negro suffrage
in any degree; but ]et us tell them that it is always
wise to accept the inevitable when the inevitable
comes."
The Herald, deemed inveterate and more truly
the indicator of the winds than the king thereof,
steps from the ranks of the laggards in its old
age to outstrip its juniors, asserting: "The
question ofnpgro suffrage,which entered largely
into this debate, is one that forces itself so prom-
inently upon public consideration as to have
become $ political necessity, and will have to
be settled in favor of impartial male suffrage,
restricted within certain limits of intelligence."
Have these waifs no significance to the timid?
Will the party that has, amid the throes of
civil war, become strong, heed the prejudices
of ignorance, fearing its vinous inspiration, and
dare to be unjust by neglect of those now im-
periled, who, in great numbers, without the
hope of promotion, went from under the lash
and stole away from the slave-pen, or broke
from the coffle-gang, to nurse our sick, pilot our
armies, or take their place in the ranks of our
brave soldiery? Then it will be denied the
pleasure of gleaning from these fields " where
the red rain makes the grass grow:" then
the humble laborers who have made our
majorities at the polls, remembering that the
royal arms of Lilliput were an angel lifting a
lame beggar from the earth, will retire in sad- ^
ness and abjure your party creed. Those re- *"
ligious denominations, representing the con-
viction and zeal of millions, have, in their late
annual gatherings, spoken with united voice
for that comprehensive justice which no con-
stitutional amendment now proposed will as-
sure ; and the conditions of their fHture coop-
