"288
ifii CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
"eration mti^fbe quf adherence to principle aid
the recognition of a God in out history.
Mr. Chairman, I do not despair of the adop-
tion of a safe and' radical .policy. Our long
:marehes and decisive battles Kate a parallel in
•'mighty civic victories, which- hate a voice for
the timid.
" Lowly faithful, barfish fear,
Right onwarddrive unharmed;
The port, worth the cruise, is near,
And every wave is charmed."
That clemency of the conqueror to febels, as
shown by President and Congress, has brought
btrfc a timely development of-the proud unsub-
dued spirit, which would dictate the terms of
-restoration. I regard it as related to a woti-
iderfal chain in God's providences. Our first
Bull Run defeat,; which menaced this capital,
awakened the moral sense of the nation to its
crimes, and pointed out our dangers and duties.
It was preparatory to the warning proclama-
tion of President Lincoln in September, 1862,
which traitors in arms would not heed, and
Was followed by the loss of slavery, that for
which they began the war. And now when
they scorn the mildest terms of conciliation
ever made to rebellious spirits, the question
of rights and ballots for the long degraded
-and defenseless, need not be committed to the
-caprice or love of power reigning with the
-dominant class. Let history speak with her
trumpet tongue from the graves of nations
that consented to the degradation of its mean-
est subjects, and, if wise, we shall be warned
by the fatal compromises made by our fathers;
and, now about to shape the destinies of mil-
lions, shall not forget His paternal care of tkosg
who survived the slavery of Egypt, the perils
of the sea, and wanderings in the wilderness,
in giving them homes, protection from ene-
mies, and wise and devoted friends.
I regard it as a delusion that representation
here by the "rebel States will strengthen or as-
similate the nation. Congeniality of spirit is
a prerequisite. Let the disloyal spirit just
evinced at a fair held in this city be exorcised,
where the ballots for the rebel General Lee
were as six to one for our great captain, Gen-
eral Grant; let rebel airs no longer on festive
occasions drown our national song; and if there
be a loyal pulsation let it bring out the stars
and stripes, so long overlain with the rattle-
snake flag; unlock the cemetery gates closed
against the sable patriots, who would strew the
flowers of affection on the graves of their com-
rades ; bid the Lone Star State desist in her
demands for the removal of our dead from their
graveyards, that the dust of "hii-eling soldiers''
mingle not with that of her "noble and heroic
dead;" make political preferment in city and
county possible to a Unionist, and for the time
penitents should detain their sons from the
college lectures on moral philosophy by ex-
pirate Semmes,
 " the mildest mannered man
That ever scuttled ship or out a human throat
and at least, when safe and convenient, arrest
defiant murderers at large, that the cry "I am
aloyal American citizen" be no more the signal
for a visitation of cruelty if he be an American
citizen of African descent.
- Demons stood aghast at the cruelties un-
atoned for endured by our prisoners, and hell
doubtless waits for the coming of those leaders
in rebellion whom we seem to have no laws to
punish. Strange that they should desire a
return on any terms, and more strange our
leniency, and that we have not met the expect-
ations of the country and made impartial suf-
frage a condition. This withheld by the sup-
pliants, my vote for their return will not be
given. Never, never!
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As no
other gentleman desires to address the commit-
tee to-day, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Gatwiki.d re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the President's annual message, had
come to the resolution thereon.
soldiers' bouxty.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplemental to an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes."
The bill proposes to extend the bounty pro-
vided by the act of July 2S, 1866, to soldiers
discharged on account of disease contracted
in the line of duty.
• The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
aware that the House has made an understand-
ing that there shall be no business done here
to-morrow and nothing but speaking, but I am
told that there is no gentleman who desires to
speak to-morrow, and therefore there is no
necessity for Our holding a session.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman desires to
speak to-morrow he will manifest it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr; SPALDING. I desire to speak to-
morrow if no one else does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at two o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of I)r. William
Boyd, of Washington City, in regard to the sale of
persons of color in Maryland.
By Mr. BUND Y: The petition of Hiram Campbell,
and 31 others, citizens of Ironton, Lawrence county,
Ohio, protesting against any further reduction of
the national currency.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of citizens of Lancas-
ter, Grant county, Wisconsin, that the currency ques-
tion be let alone.
By Mr. HOLMES: The resolutions of Board of
Trade of Oswego, New York.
Also, the petition of Charles T. Radcliff, for Amer-
ican register for schooner or brig New York.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of 100 eitizensof
Clay county, Illinois, praying for the impeachment
of the President of the United States for his misde-
meanor and malfeasance in office.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Cherokee
county, Georgia, praying for an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States so as to secure
equality of rights among all citizens.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Christian
eounty, Illinois, against the curtailment of the cur-
rency.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 5, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF TUB JOUltXAL.
Mr. HILL. I desire to correct the Journal.
I introduced yesterday a joint resolution ex-
tending the provisions of section two of an act
entitled "An act to extend the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and for other purposes."
The Journal records that it was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. My motion was
to refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I move that the Journal be so corrected.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Mr. Bl.ow, of Missouri, is detained from
the House by sickness. I move that he be
excused from attendance here indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. NEWELL. I ask leave to offer a reso-
lution.
■ The SPEAKER. No business can be trans-
acted to-day. The Chair even doubted if a
gentleman could be granted leave of absence.
The House has determined that no business
shall be in order to-da}', except debate as in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's message, and upon
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. When I suggested last
evening the expediency of holding a session
to-day, and intimated that I would like to speak,
it was more for the purpose of affording an op-
portunity to those members of the House who
had prepared themselves with speeches, in writ-
ing or in print, which they wish to pronounce,
than to speak myself. I would now very cheer-
fully yield the floor to any gentleman of that char-
acter ; but as I have not been able to discover
any such present, I shall ask liberty to occupy
the attention of the House for a few moments
in making some remarks, perhaps of a ram-
bling character, but such as shall not be inapt,
in the consideration of the Executive message.
But first, I desire to give attention for a mo-
ment to my respected friend from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] my only senior in this
House, and a gentleman for whom I can enter-
tain nothing but kind regard, and for whose
opinions I most commonly have profound re-
spect. But it so happens, unfortunately for
me, that whenever I am called upon to make
any remarks on this floor—and I do not do it
often—I am subjected to the caustic criticism
of the learned gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Now, sir, on the .last day of the session of
this House, before the adjournment over for
the holidays, I undertook, in the most innocent
manner, to explain my sentiments in respect to
the validity of the State organizations in the
lately rebellious States, and to show that in-
justice was done me in one or two of the jour-
nals of the day when they said that a resolu-
tion of inquiry, which"I offered some weeks
ago, signified that I supposed that the action of
those Legislatures, or a portion of them, was
necessary to the ratification of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States. I called the attention of the House
to an article found in the Washington Chronicle
of the day before I spoke, in which the editor
represented me as entertaining that opinion,
and as running the proceedings of Congress
into an absurdity if we were to ask these
Legislatures to ratify the amendment to the
Constitution, and then afterward seek to dis-
place them and set up other governments in
their stead.
Now, sir, in making my remarks on that
occasion I expressly declared—and my friend
[Mr. Stevens] could not have heard me or
else he would not have made this criticism
upon me—I expressly declared that I never
supposed that the amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which emanated
from his committee, the joint committee on
reconstruction, and which has been submitted
to the Legislatures of the several States-—I
never supposed for a moment that it could
receive any validity from the action of any one
t>f those outstanding States. I said expressly
that I believed the ratification of that amend-
ment by three fourths of the loyal States was
sufficient to make it a part, of the Constitution
of the United States. And in that I agreed
exactly with the editor of the paper upon which
I was then commenting.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] says—I read from the
Globe of the next day:
"Mr. Speaker, had I got the floor at, the time when
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sfaldiso] sat down,
I had intended, perhaps irregularly, to have baidono
word in resrard to his position. I will only now say.
however, that I think the argument of the editor is
altogether the better of the two, and perfectly con-
clusive."
The editor and myself had run together; and
at the same time " the argument of the editor
is altogether the better of the two, and per-
fectly conclusive," and thegentlemanproceeds:
"Andthat, while I do not charge the gentleman to
be the author of it. the doctrine implied in his reso-
lution is the most pcrnicious which can possibly be
brought to obstruct the final reconstruction of this
Government.''
What! the doctrine contained in that reso-
lution of inquiry the most pernicious that
could be offered in this matter of reconstruct-
