1728
tflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for want of legal registration. I say this ill
justice to Governor Brownlow.
Mr. COOPER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me to reply to my
colleague.
Mr. DAWES. That would be going into a
debate on the merits of the case which neither
the gentleman from Tennessee nor the gentle-
man from Illinois ought to have indulged in.
I know the gentleman and his colleague differ
widely on the subject. I have stated to the
House that there is room for difference of
opinion ; that in our opinion all parties acted
in good faith, and that it is impossible for us, in
the brief time we have left to us, to enter into
a consideration of the correctness of their de-
cision. I adhere to the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to discharge the com-
mittee from the further consideration of the
question was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and call the previous question:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to pay out of the contingent fund of the House the
sum of $1,653 80 to D. B. Thomas, in full for time ex-
pended and expenses incurred in contesting the right
of Samuel A. Arnell to a seat in this Bouse from the
sixth district of Tennessee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask my colleague on
the committee to yield to allow me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to insert $2,600
in place of $1,658 80.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 56, noes 54.
Mr. DAWES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Dawes and Marshall.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
■—ayes 68, noes 69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House No. 598, to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on House bill No.
1220, to provide ways and means for the pay-
ment of compound-interest notes.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bill
No. 793, to provide increased revenue on im-
ported wool, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had insisted on its
amendments, disagreed to by the House, to the
bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30,1868; had agreed to the further conference
asked for by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Messrs. Tkum-
bui.l, Edmunds, and Davis.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a. bill (H. £. No. 276) to
establish a Department of Education; when
the Speaker signed the same.
importation of sugar machinery.
The SPEAKER. The House will resume
the consideration of reports from the Commit-
tee on Printing, which have been interfered
with by various privileged motions.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman from
New York yield?
Mr. LAFLIN. For a moment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I believe that all oppo-
sition to my resolution to admit machinery for
making sugar free of duty for one year is with-
drawn, and I think it will pass by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
coast survey.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed twenty-five hun-
dred extra copies of the report of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey for the year 1866, of which
one thousand shall befor distribution by the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, and fifteen hundred for
the use of the members of this House.
survey of lakes.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed fifteen hundred
extra copies of the report of the Secretary of War for
the year 1866 on the survey of the western and north-
western lakes, without the appendix, five hundred
of which shall be for distribution by the officer in
charge of such survey, and one thousand for the use
of the members of this House.
Mr. PAINE. I suggest an amendment, that
it should read "northern and northwestern
lakes."
Mr. LAFLIN. I accept that amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
pay of a member.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to allow me to offer a
resolution.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will yield.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
be, and he is hereby, instructed to pay Hon. T. M.
Marquette, from the State of Nebraska, the pay and
mileage that would have been duo him as a member
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress had he been admitted
to his seat on the 2d of January, 1866, the day of his
election.
Mr. SPALDING. Nebraska was not a
State then.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, it was a
State. Gentlemen in this House ought to
understand, if they do not, that Nebraska was
admitted as a State by the vote of Congress at
the last session, but the act was vetoed. It has
since been admitted over the veto upon a con-
dition which has been complied with. But it
had elected a member of this House, and he
was here during the entire last session of this
House waiting for his admission, and only
because Congress prescribed additional terms
which it compelled the State to accept was he
detained from his seat till now.
I desire to state another fact, and that is,
that he was elected a Delegate to the Fortieth
Congress from the Territory of Nebraska, and
by the State being admitted to-day he is pre-
vented taking his seat as such Delegate in the
next Congress, which would give him more
pay and mileage than he will receive under
this resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. Make it a donation, then,
and not call it the pay of a member of Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the negative—yeas
43, nays 105, not voting 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman,Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell,
Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Donnelly, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, t'arquh&r. Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hotchkiss, Demas
Hubbard. Jones, Julian, Kasson, Ivoontz, Loan, Mc-
Clurg, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill. Paine, Perham,
Price, Stilwell, Stokes, Thayer, Upson, Burt Van
Horn,Henry D. Washburn,and James F. Wilson—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow, Boutwcll,
Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarko, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cooper,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dcfrees, Deming, Denison,
Dixon, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ilar-
ris. Hart, Henderson, Hill, Hise, Holmes, Chester D.
Hubbard, JohnH. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kerr,
Ketcha,m. Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Le Blond, Leftwich.Longyear, Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, MeCullough, Melndoc, McKee,
MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Orth, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rittcr, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Sitgrcaves, Sloan, Spald-
ing, Starr, Taber, Nathaniel Gr. Taylor, Nelson Tay-
lor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aer-
nam, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, Wil-
liams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Bidwell, Bundy, Culver, Dawson, Delano, Dodge,
Drigrgs, Dumont, Griswold, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell. Kelley, Kelso, Kuy-
ki-ndall. Latham, Marquette, Marston, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Noell, Patterson, Phelps. Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond,
Rousseau, Shellabarger. Stevens, Strouse, Francis
Thomas, Trowbrid^6, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Walker, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—43.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was disagreed to,
for the purpose of suggesting an amendment,
which I think the House will concur in, to pay
the member from Nebraska from the 1st of
December, 1866. If the vote is reconsidered
I will move that amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
On laying the motion on the table there
were—ayes 69, noes 53.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Dawes and Spalding.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 56.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
message from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Pres-
ident of the United States were communicated
to the House, by Mr. Moore, one of his Secreta-
ries, one of which was announced as a return
to the House from which it originated of the
bill (H. R. No. 1143) entitled an act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, with the President's objections
thereto.
names of pardoned rebels.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House various messages from the President
of the United States. First the following:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report of the Attorney
General, additional to the one submitted by
him December 13, 1806, in reply to the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of
December 10,1866, requesting "a list of names
of all persons who have been engaged in the
late rebellion against the United States Gov-
ernment who have been pardoned by the Pres-
ident from April 15, 1865, to this date ; that
said list shall also state the rank of each person
who has been so pardoned, if he has been
engaged in the military service of the so-called
confederate States, and the position, if he shall
have held any civil office under said so-called
confederate government; and shall also further
state whether such person has at any time prior
to April 14, 1861, held any office under the
United States Government, and if so, what
office, together with the reasons for granting
such pardons, and also the names of the person
or persons at whose solicitation such pardon
was granted." ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 21, 1867.
The message was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
removals, etc., in interior department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
Executive Mansion, Februaiy 25, 1867.
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report from the Sec-
