1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
partialities. I do not know the Arsons, but
I have in my hand a list of names with a pro-
per characterization, and from this list it will
appear that there was the most offensive exer-
cise of power on that occasion. I presume
that the Secretary of the Treasury must be
responsible for it. Is he not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
says, "of course." It was in the bureau of
the Sixth Auditor. In that burea,u it seems
■there were eleven persons, of whom a majority
were Republicans, who received the extra com-
pensation. These were the chief clerk, the
principal of the pay division, tho principal
register, the principal of the money-order_ di-
vision, the principal book-keeper, the principal
of the examining division, the principal of the
foreign mail, and the solicitor, and also one
third-class clerk and a second-class clerk, being
eleven persons; but all these, as I understand,
were so high in service that they came natu-
rally within the sphere of this extra compensa-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. And came within the order
of tho Secretary himself.
Mr. SUMNER. And they came, as my
friend reminds me, within the order of the
Secretary himself. But when we get beyond
this list, when we get among the general clerks,
if I may so say, what do we find? We find
that all this money is given to persons who
are members of what is known as the Johnson
Departmental Club. 1 have in my hands the
following list, which I will read:
" Political status of tlioso solcctod by tho Auditor
who do not perform whataro called analogous dut ies:
C. A. Tavcncr, Johnson Departmental Club; J. 0.
Wilson, alsoof that club; W. 11. Sullivan, also of that
club; J, Mapruiro, also of that club; Joseph Bul-
loch, also of that club: 3l\ i\l. Ijalor, also of t.lm tclub;
0. (t. McLoran, also of that club; W. W. Cox, seces-
sionist, antl also of that club; \V\ 0. Lipscomb, jr.,
secessionist, and also of that club; ,). (J. Jewoll,
Democrat, appointed from Mississippi by Jefferson
Davis; K. B. Lilloy, a Johnson man at thooloclion
time; U. 11. Thomas, doubtful."
Then 1 am told that the remaining six on tho
Auditor's list are believed to be Republicans;
but it is doubtful how some of them would have
voted at the election. Now, the Republicans in
that bureau number ninety, tho Johnson men
thirty, doubtful .six j and yol where there is that
relaliveproportion of Republicans and of .John-
son men and of doubtful men, you have this
lion's share of the compensation given to men
whoso chief recommendation is, that they were
members of tho Johnson Departmental Club,
or secessionists, or appointees o'f Jefferson
Davis,
That is in one of the bureaus of the Treasury
Department. Senators about mo say that of
course I he Secretary of the Treasury is respon-
sible for it. 1 should suppose he must bo held
responsible for it. The question now is,
whether we can commit that discretion to him.
I agree with the Senator from Maine that as a
general thing discretion must bo lodged some-
where, and that it would seem with regard to
the Treasury Department that we must either
abolish tho office or abolish the man. And
yet if we can take any precaution suggested by
the experience of the past should wo not do
it? Are you willing to allow tho $50,000 that
yon are about to appropriate to be distributed
in this unequal way and according to tho un-
happy political proclivities of the Secretary of
the Treasury? I think that we ought to take
some precaution against it. I do not wish,
however, to prevent this allowance of money.
I wish to secure it for the benefit of these men
and the business of the Department. I am
contented with the statement of the Senator
from Maine that the Department needs this
additional service; but then I ask the Senator
to give us some provision by which we shall
prevent its being prostituted as there is reason
to believe a similar allowance on another
occasion has been prostituted by the head of
that Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask what his authority is for the state-
ment he has made?
Mr. SUMNER. I have a statement here
from 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who signs it ?
Mr. SUMNBR. It is from a gentleman who
is known to Senators on this floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is his name?
Mr. SUMNBR. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] knows him per-
sonally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is his name?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather not give his
name.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the way the
Senator attempts to influence the Senate by
reading a letter from a man who does not want
his name given. He is probably a clerk in the
office who did not get the money.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin knows him personally; I do not; but I had
reason to believe that his statement was as much
to be relied upon as that of any Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What reason had the
Senator to believe so?
Mr. SUMNER. From what I was told.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By whom?
Mr. SUMNER. That I do not remember.
The letter I received now a month ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I should
like to know what authority the Senator has
to say he was so told. Who told him this man
was to be relied upon ? Is he a clerk in that
bureau?
Mr. SUMNER. Tho Senator from Maine
has dealings enough with persons hereto know
very well that ono cannot remember day by
day all the conversations he has with people.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. I never make a state-
ment in this Senate on tho authority of a man
whose name I am not ready to give. I do not
get up on loose statements, anonymous letters,
or letters which are equivalent to anonymous
letters, beeauso the writer will not suffer his
name to bo used, and attack officers of the
Government. I think tho practice is entirely
unjustifiable.
Mr. SUMNER. As to anonymous letters I
agree with the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; but the
man who makes a statement affecting the char-
acter and conduct of tho Department in which
ho is, and is unwilling his name should be
used, is nothing else but an anonymous writer.
I' want to know who the man is. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin know any thing about it?
Mr. IIOWE. If it is from the man 1 sup-
pose it is, 1 know the man. That letter is not
addressed to mo and I have no authority to
communicate his name. He was aclerkin the
Sixth Auditor's office, at the head of a divis-
ion, and received his regular share of that
money. lie never found a word of complaint
as to tho treatment that was bestowed upon
him, but did think he had two grounds for
complaint. One was, I believe, that not a
dollar of it was given to any clerk in his divis-
ion, and he was not consulted in reference to
the clerks in his division. Another reason is
the reason presented in the letter itself, that a
large proportion of the money was given to
those who arc classed politically as Democrats
or as Johnson men to the exclusion of the
large majority of thoso clerks who are known
as Republicans. Those are the only two com-
plaints I ever heard him make. As to the
personal character of the man I have no doubt
he is as truthful a man as any oil this floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tho statement itself
shows that the Secretary of the Treasury has.
done what was his duty about this matter, "lie
gave his orders as to the principle upon which
this extra compensation should be distributed.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
I understand the order of the Secretary went
no further than this: that those who were at
the head of divisions should receive a share
of the extra compensation, and those filling
analogous positions should receive a share of
the extra compensation ; and the number of
clerks in the Sixth Auditor's office who wider
that rule received extra compensation was
eleven ; but- outside of that, as the Senator
from Massachusetts has read, there were a
large number of clerks 
Mr. FESSENDEN. How large? I should
like to know what number.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has read the names.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some half a dozen.
Mr. SUMNER. Much more than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not much more.
Mr. SUMNER. Twelve persons who were
members of the Johnson Departmental Club
or secessionists.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How_ does this man
know that they were secessionists ?
Mr. SUMNER. That I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I know the man's
name.
Mr. HO-WE. Perhaps you will state it,
then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot state it. Ho
has not written that letter to me. He has
written another similar to it to me, and I ex-
amined the whole of his statement and inquired
about it and became satisfied that the man was
writing in temper and from bad feeling. Now,
how in the world can the Secretary of the
Treasury distribute this money to each clerk
and overlook each clerk and inquire as to each
clerk's politics? The Secretary of the Treas-
ury makes a general order ; in distributing this
money he gives it to the heads of divisions and
the chicf clerks and the leading officers of
the Department, and he leaves the balance to
whom? To the Auditor himself. The Aud-
itor sends up the names and gets the money.
Probably it does not go to the Secretary of tho
Treasury at all after the Auditor has desig-
nated the names. I cannot say how that is.
Mr. HOWE. It must under tho law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must in a certain
form, but he is not obliged to put his name to
everything of that sort. He approves gener-
ally. He cannot go over the details of all these
things in tho Department. I know something
on tho subject from experience. It must be
left to the principal men in tho Department
who do the labor. The Secretary cannot look
over everything. He gives a general order,
and then when the matter is made up he directs,
lie cannot look over everything. But as far
as ho did go in this matter he wont right.
Now, with regard to the Sixth Auditor, why
did not Senators oppose his confirmation?
Mr. SUMNER. When was he nominated?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At this session. He
was confirmed in tho place of a gentleman
from Chicago, Mr. Arnold. Mr. Arnold re-
signed and ho was appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. When wa3 he confirmed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A fortnight or three
weeks ago. Ho is from ray State, and a Dem-
ocrat. My colleague and I did not see fit to
oppose him. Wo knew he was a very excel-
lent officer, and we did not suppose a better
one would be got if he was rejected, and we
made no opposition to him. His nomination
did not go to my committee. I believe it went
to tho Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and was recommended by the commit-
tee on the ground of his being a very excellent
officer and a very competent man, who had had
considerable experience heretofore.
Mr. RAMSEY. His nomination was re-
ported favorably on the ground that tho Sen-
ators from Maine had no objection to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I believe if he
made such a distribution as has been stated
he was imposed upon.
Mr. ITOWE. 1 guess that was the.ground
of his confirmation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What?
Mr. HOWE. On the ground that the Sen-
ator from Maine recommended him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not recommend
him.
Mr. HOWE. You recommended his con-
firmation .
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, I did not rec-
ommend his confirmation. I never was in-
quired of about it ono way or the other.
Mr. RAMSEY. I inquired of tho colleague
