1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
of the Senator and ho approved of his confir-
mation, and having consulted the Senator now
on the floor he said he would make no oppo-
sition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said I would make
no opposition. I so told my colleague, and he
said he should make no opposition; not be-
cause lie was from Maine. I would not have
appointed him. If he had come to me for a
recommendation for it I should have refused
him. I would not have thought of appointing
him, because I know what his polities are, and
I would not think of appointing a Democrat to
one of these offices; but he was appointed and
the Senate confirmed him. The case went
before the Post Office Committee. It should
have gone to the Committee on Finance, as he
was an officer in the Treasury Department;
but it was not sent there for some reason or
other, I do not know what, probably by acci-
dent. Now I say that he is a good officer and
a very capable man. That I know.
So far as the action of that bureau in this
matter is concerned I know nothing about it;
but so far as the Secretary of the Treasury is
concerned it appears all he has done with ref-
erence to it has been proper. He knew noth-
ing about this, could know nothing about it.
You do not suppose the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with all he has to do, is inquiring about
the politics of every man in his Department?
Mr. SUMNER. He is inquiring about tho
politics of men in distant parts of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt very much
whether he is doing that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is evidence of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Senator
does not very much like the Secretary of the
Treasury; but I beg him to do him justice.
He may do some things that the Senator does
not like and other Senators do not like. I do
not like his support of Mr. Johnson's policy,
because I do not support that policy myself;
but that the Secretary of the Treasury is an
upright man and means to discharge the duties
of his office faithfully and to the best of his
ability I have no manner of doubt. Whatever
his politics may be, and however Senators may
like his course politically, I say that, because'
it is due to him to say it. I believe it firmly.
Now, then, with reference to this particular
thing, what does the Senator or any Senator
propose? The Secretary must have this amount
of money, in my judgment and in the judgment
of the committee, appropriated for this pur-
pose. This appropriation is not going as far
as the one alluded to went. There is nothing
here to raise anybody's salary. All that is
struck out. It is for the mere appointment of
temporary clerks. The other appropriation
referred to the permanent clerks in the De-
partment who wero to receive pay under it.
This appropriation covers no such thing. It
is the mere ordinary appropriation which he
must have to appoint temporary clerks, per-
sons now out of the Department, not perma-
nent officers. Then he must classify thorn •,
that is, he must have different kinds of men ;
lie must give some more and some less. If he
is not to decide, who is? What does the Sen-
ator propose in place of it? Would he have
the assignment made by Mr. Anderson, tho
Sixth Auditor, that this man complains of?
And his is the only ease in the whole Depart-
ment where the head of a bureau has been
changed and a Democrat appointed; that is,
of any of the regular bureaus, all tho rest are
of a different political character.
But what I say with reference to this matter
is this: here is an appropriation that, in my
judgment and in the judgment of the commit-
tee, must be made; here is a discretion that
must be exercised with regard to the use of
this money, that is, the classification of these
clerks. Now, if the Secretary of the Treasury
is not to decide that question, who is? What
does the Senator propose? If he merely pro-
poses to raise this question and make this com-
plaint, let him make it against the Auditor; the
Secretary has nothing to do with it in the world ;
that is to say, nothing consciously. I will ven-
ture to say, because I know from my acquaint-
ance with the business there, that he could not
look over the politics of all these men one way
or the other. If it has been so in that partic-
ular bureau, I do not believe it has been in
others; and from all that appears, although
they were members of tho Johnson Depart-
mental Club, they might have been the very
ones who should receive it. They do not give
the money on account of politics.
But with regard to this informant, I took
pains to inform myself from good authority
with regard to him, and I was satisfied that he
was influenced by anything but a desire for
the public good. He wanted to defeat Mr.
Anderson's confirmation and get him rejected
by the Senate. That is the reason of his sup-
plying that information; but in that he did not
succeed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
forgot in his remarks how I introduced this
matter. I stated that I was in favor of giving
to the Treasury Department all that it needed
in the conduct of its business, but I asked
the Senator to allow me to put to him a ques-
tion, whether it was not possible in some way
to limit the discretion of the Secretary in the
exercise of this power? I put the question,
and I said that I was moved to put it because
there was something in the history of that Sec-
retary that at least made me hesitate about
conferring upon him any additional discretion.
That was the way I opened this question.
I have not yet said that I should vote against
this amendment, nor have I moved any limita-
tion. I wished to make a statement of facts,
and to invite fiom the Senator from Maine
such explanations as he might feel disposed to
make with regard to tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the degree of confidence which the
Senate might repose in him. He has made
the statement, and in making this statement
he lias undertaken to throw from the Secretary
tho responsibility of the transaction to which I
referred and to cast it upon the Sixth Auditor.
I cannot agree with him. I think if that tiling
has been done according to the statement which
I have made, the responsibility belongs to the
head of the Department; and I do not doubt
that the Sixth Auditor in doing it understood
well that he was carrying out the views of his
chief. I have no idea that the Secretary gave
to the Sixth Auditor a list of names, but lie
gave him something that was equally potential,
lie whispered in his car or let him well under-
stand that members of tho Johnson Depart-
mental Club were the men to bo preferied in
securing this extra compensation. I believe
that, because it is according to the nature of
tilings, and it is according to what I may call
the prevailing testimony with regard to the
Secretary of the Treasury. He is notoriously
an intense partisan. Whether ho is upright or
not I will not at this moment say. I am not
on this incidental question going to be carried
further into a general discussion of the merits
of the Secretary of the Treasury. There will
bo perhaps an occasionfor that, and if it comes
[ shall state my conclusions fearlessly. Mean-
while, let him have the credit which the Sena-
tor from Maine gives him. It is important in
his favor. I think ho needs it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
if he has any proof that the Secretary ol the
Treasury is a man who goes about whispering
these things into the ears of others?
Mr. SUMNER. I have ample proof that
he is what 1 called him, an intense partisan.
Mr. FESSENDEN, So is the Senator an
intense partisan. Does the Senator judge the
Secretary of the Treasury of his own heart,
that he would do such things?
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator ad-
dresses me a personal remark I prefer not to
answer it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I will not address the
Senator. Now I disclaim for the Senator any-
thing of that kind. 1 know that ho would not;
I know that he could not: I knnw that it is
contrary to his whole nature, I know him so
well; but I hint to my friend (hat, where things
of that sort?are suggested with regard to others
without proof, they may lead those who do not
know the Senator to infer that he judges of the
acts of others by what he would do himself.
Therefore I think we should be careful how,
without evidence, without proof, we attack a
man at the head of a Department, because he
ia a partisan simply and opposed to' us, and
make suggestions derogatory to his personal
honor, aud suggestions that he would do things
that are mean and unworthy of a man of honor.
That is not the way to speak of men without
proof. If you have proof, so be it. If you
have not, it ought not to be said. Everybody
knows that no one differs more widely with the
Secretary of the Treasury with regard to his
notions of reconstruction than I do; but I have
watched him carefully, and I do not believe
any of these statements with regard to his
hunting up men and punishing them for their
political opinions or anything of the sort, one
way or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does. I
do not. I am at liberty to express my opinion.
As I said before, I regard the Secretary of tho
Treasury as an able and upright officer. That
he lias made appointments or recommended
appointments that do not suit us. and perhaps
for political purposes, may be, and very prob-
ably is in some cases. But Senators must re-
flect that although these recommendations como
from the head of a Department—I know noth-
ing about it in this case—the head of the De-
partment cannot always command the appoint-
ments themselves; that when he recommends
an officer, it is not unfrequent that he recom-
mends an officer because he is ordered to rec-
ommend an officer by the appointing power.
That was the case over and over again in many
cases in the War Department during the Pres-
idency of Mr. Lincoln. How many recom-
mendations were sent in here of nominations—•
"by direction of the President, 1 nominate such
a man or recommend such a man to be ap-
pointed a brigadier general," or something of
that sort. I know very well, I have had ex-
perience enough to know, that the head of the
nation, who is the appointing power, very fre-
quently assumes to direct whom he shall ap-
point ; and it is the habit of members of Con-
gress when the Secretary of the Treasury, or
any other Secretary, will not comc to their
views with regard to an appointment, to go
over his head to the President.
Mr. CONNESS. What else can they do in
oiinh
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing. _ That is
their own way to accomplish their purpose
undoubtedly.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the only way to be
heard by the appointing power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. I am
not complaining of it. They go to the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury or the Secretary of War.
They ask him to make an appointment; to rec-
ommend a certain man for appointment. He
says, "I will not do it." They go then to the
President and request him to do it. I am not
disputing the right; but is^ tho Secretary re-
sponsible for what the President does ? That
is what I am talking about. He is not to bo
held responsible for what is doue over his
head under the solicitation of a member of
Congress.
What I object to, therefore, is the statement
of the Senatoi from Massachusetts, expressing
his belief with regard to these things without
anything but his belief, and substantially ac-
cusing a man, whom I believe to be an honor-
able man, who holds a high and honorable
position, of a meanness, of doing indirectly
and meanly what he had not the courage to do
directly in the first place. The Senator is not
justified, in my judgment, in making any such
accusations. They are unworthy of the officer,
and 1 know that the Senator would not do any
such thing himself under any circumstances.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
insists upon saying that the Secretary of 1,ho
Treasury is an uprignt man. I have not ssr>d
