1667.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing the Government? Why, sir, what was
that resolution of inquiry? I will read it:
"Resolved. That the^ommittee on reconstruction
be requested to inquire into the expediency of pass-
ing a joint resolution declaratory of the purpose of
Congress in the reception of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from the rebellious States, respectively,
upon the ratification by them of the constitutional
amendment and the establishment of republican
forms Of government not inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States."
_ Sow, sir, that resolution only calls upon the
joint committee on reconstruction, if they
deem it expedient, to offer for the considera-
tion of Congress a joint resolution declaratory
of the purpose of that amendment. I do not
say what that purpose was; I do not undertake
to say, in this resolution of inquiry, what that
purpose was. I leave it for the committee who
framed that amendment to tell us what they
intended by it. Is there anything wrong in
this ? But I am impugned as the author of this
resolution, and as being the author of a reso-
lution pregnant with mischief. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr.- Stevens] continues:
" But Xam not going into the argument, as it might
look out of place after the gentleman has left the
floor. I have only thought it proper tosaythis mueh
mfavor of the argument of one who cannot appear
here himself, and which I deem conclusive and
entirely more satisfactorythan that of the gentleman
from Ohio."
Now, sir, the article from the Daily Morning
Ghronicle is set forth in the Daily Globe of the
21st of December last; andin that article there
is nothing found, if I have read it and construed
it correctly, but what I concurred in, and even
went beyond, and expressed an opinion even
more decisive than that expressed in the paper,
that the ratification to be made by those rebel-
lious Legislatures would signify nothing but
their submission, and their disposition here-
after to be loyal to our Government; nothing
more. And I said expressly that, even if this
amendment was to be ratified and become a
Eart of the Constitution, I should then exact
om those States—those peoples, if you please,
not calling them States—a republican form of
government in all respects, before I would vote
to receive their Representatives into this House.
I make these remarks, Mr. Speaker, as
much to set myself right in the judgment of my
friend from Pennsylvania as for any other
purpose whatever—perhaps more so, for I
think that when the gentleman reads the re-
marks in the paper and my explanation he
will see that he did me injustice when ho said
I was at variance with the paper, and still fur-
ther injustice when he said that my resolution
looked to evil consequences.
My friend once made at me a good-humored
fling when I happened to differ with him in
regard to some one of his propositions by
saying that "there was a vacant judgeship
somewhere up in northern Ohio." Well, sir,
I acknowledge the hit. But it so happens that
I am not and have not been a candidate for
that judgeship. Some twenty years ago T
might have been pleased to occupy that hon-
orable position if I had had the requisite abil-
ity ; but under present circumstances I have
no aspiration that way; none at all. But my
friend will pardon me if I call to his attention
a very eulogistic notice of himself in this very
Chronicle in connection with a seat in the
United States Senate, which is to become
vacant in a short time. We will let one offset
the other; and let it be understood that neither
of us is under very much temptation in conse-
quence of the offices which are presented to
the public view as being those in which we are
especially interested.
So much in all kindness toward my friend
from Pennsylvania; and I hope that now we
shall part fair friends and go on together, help-
ing to do this great work of reconstructing
this great Government which is intended for a
great people and for a great time to come.
So far as regards the understanding had of
the effect of this constitutional amendment by
the people during the late canvass I have a
word to say. In the first place, my individual
understanding, when we voted with so much
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 19.
unanimity to'put that amendment before the
people for their ratification, was, that it was to
be taken as a measure of conciliation, to some
extent, between the loyal States and the disaf-
fected or disloyal States, and that the latter
should be admitted to representation in Con-
gress when they should have signified their
approbation of these amendments to the Con-
stitution, and should have framed their State
governments go as to pass the ordeal of Con-
gress—not otherwise; for I here protest again
that, since the rebellion opened, I have never
seen the hour when I supposed these States
had the right to a representation in the Senate
or House of Representatives of the United
States. And I say farther, that no man can
come to a logical conclusion on this subject
unless, in claiming that those States now have
the right to representation in Congress, he
maintains that they had the right of represent-
ation during every hour of the war. We must
meet this question openly and boldly. I say
to you, sir, that from the moment when these
rebellious States swung loose from the Con-
gress and the Government of the United States,
and unsheathed the sword of rebellion, and
attempted to strike down the Constitution of
our common country, from that moment they
became severed from the law-making power of
this Government, and cannot be restored ex-
cept by the action of Congress. Of this I have
no manner of donbt, and upon this subject I
have never doubted.
I have already given my understanding in
regard to the effect of the constitutional amend-
ment when Congress adjourned last July. I
say further, that the canvass or campaign in the
State of Ohio was carried on upon the basis of
the constitutional amendment alone, and I will
state my warrant for saying so. The Repub-
lican State convention of Ohio adopted the
constitutional amendment presented by Con-
gress as the height and breadth and length and
depth of their platform. They had not another
line in their platform; the constitutional amend-
ment was the whole of it. The Republican
party went into the canvass upon the strength
of that amendment, and in every district, in
every county, in every township, we argued the
merits of this constitutional amendment before
the people, and upon it obtained their votes.
I believe I represent upon this floor as radical
a district as any one of my colleagues (j-om
Ohio, and I say to my colleagues and to the
members of this House generally that in every
speech I made in my^districtin the three coun-
ties composing it—and those speeches were not
a few—I advocated this constitutional amend-
ment in all its aspects, and uniformly de-
clared to the people that when that amendment
should become a part of the Constitution, and
those refractory States should exhibit to us
satisfactory republican forms of government,
I should vote to receive their Representatives;
and on this question I never yet heard a dis-
senting voice in my district.
The National Republican committee, if I am
correctly informed, held forth to the country
the fact that the great turning point of the
readmission of these outstanding States was
the adoption of this amendment to the Consti-
tution. The State convention of New York
declared the same thing, and their election
took place on that hypothesis. So that I claim
that those members of Congress who now say
that the amendment to the Constitution, if
adopted, settles nothing, are in this respect in
error. It may not settle everything, but will
go a great way toward pacification and recon-
struction.
Again, sir, if the substitute for House bill
No. 543, introduced by my learned friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] the other day,
should obtain the assent of this House and of
the other branch of Congress and become a
law, as it may probably, I do not say to my
friend now that I shall not vote for this prop-
osition. I like many of its features well. I
have not much to say against any part of it;
but I say this: if this should be adopted and if
those outstanding communities should be re- •
constructed upon this basis and this plan, even
then I hold that this amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States ought by no means
to have the "goby." We want the security'
of the guarantee contained in that amendment
to the Constitution for all time to come,' (no
man can doubt that,) even if these States be
reconstructed upon the plan submitted by the
learned gentleman from Pennsylvania. Hence,
I do most earnestly advise the loyal States,
all of the loyal States that will do so, to adopt
that amendment to the Constitution; and, as
I said tke other day, I would earnestly advise"
the Legislatures of the so-called States of the ;
South to do the same thing, not because they
make it a part of the Constitution by doing so,
but because they express their own sense of
the utility of the measure and their accord- ~
ance in sentiment with it.
Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied that the opposi-7
tion made in the southern States to this amend-
ment to the Constitution arises mainly from-
the provision contained in- the third section.
I was informed not many days ago in the town
of Petersburg, Virginia—where I went during
the holidays to view some of the landmarks-
made conspicuous during the recent war—I
was informed by some of the gentlemen rest
dents there that they wanted this* difficulty
settled. I said to them, " Here is the consti-
tutional amendment and you repudiate it."
They replied, " If you can put that constitu-
tional amendment in force without our aid
then do it and we will submit to it. We da
not so much complain of the provision itself as
that we are called into action to vote on it as a
part of the Constitution of the United States."
upon the hypothesis that their action on it
only goes to show their submission to the terms
we are trying to impose, they will permit the
loyal States to make this a part of the Consti-
tution of the United States by a three-fourths
vote, and then come in and express their
acceptance of it.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment for a confirmation of what
he has expressed ?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I have letters from North
and South Carolina, from very able lawyers,
from men who served as soldiers and officers
in the confederate army, arguing the view the
lost; our States have lost: as individuals we
have our rights. Our States were overthrown;
as States alone could we act upon the constitu-
tional amendment; but States we are not. We
cannot adopt the constitutional amendment
constitutionally ; we could not sustain it per-
sonally in striking down our leaders for having
participated in a common crime. You exercise
your constitutional rights and adopt the amend-
ment, and you will find no resistance to it in
the South." In almost the language I have
given, from strangers to each other, some in
South Carolina and others in North Carolina,
I have received these letters.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not know how ex-
tensively this sentiment may prevail in the late
rebel States; I have no question that the senti-
ment does prevail to some considerable extent;
but I would not claim that Congress should
rest content upon any such assurance. We
must have some tangible evidence that shall
satisfy us that this work of reconstruction is
perfect and enduring. If the amendment to
the Constitution should be ratified, we then
may require something from those States which
have incurred so fearful a penalty at the hands
of this Government by their long-continued
rebellion. When we come to that subject—for
I confess it is only a work of time with me—we
will act upon it. My opinion is that, inasmuch
as we have put this amendment to the Consti-
tution before the people, antrinasmneh as the
people of these States have given it their appro-
bation by their votes at the late elections, we
ought to suffer a reasonable period of time to
