1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
that he was not. The Senator from Maine in-
sists that the Secretary of the Treasury is not
a mean man. I have not said that he was a
mean man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you believed he
would do a mean thing ; and that is substan-
tially the same thing. *
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. ijfave not said
that I believed he would do a mean thing. I
have said he was an intense partisan, and I
could not give him my eonfidenee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not the Senator say
he believed that he whispered into the ear of
the Sixth Auditor how he wanted this fund to be
distributed ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. That I call
meanness.
Mr. SUMNER. Then that is the character-
ization ot' the Senator ; it is not mine. I have
not said that it was mean. I have not said that
the Secretary does a meanness. I have said,
and I do not doubt it, that he intimates to the
heads of bureaus the character of appointments
they should make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not believe a word
of it.
Mr. SUMNEK. The Senator does not be-
lieve it. Very well. He is entitled to his belief.
I do believe it. I may bo mistaken ; but ac-
cording to my acquaintance with the Secretary
and such knowledge as T have obtained from
others I must adhere to my belief. I think
that he does; and I think that his whispering
extends wherever the telegraph can go ; it runs
on wires. 1 do not believe it is confined to
one building or to one room. 1 believe that
he is an intense partisan, and that to carry out
his partisan views lie is willing to do what 1
should be unwilling to sanction. [ forbear
now to characterize him. I am not going to
follow the Senator from Maine at this moment
into the question of the character of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I have confined myself
to the precise facts before us and to what he
has done in his Department with regard to his
clcrks. I have not traveled outside of that.
1 have not said whether there is anything in
his conduct that should make him unworthy
of the position that lie occupies. 1 have not
said or raised the question whether he is a man
of veracity or not. 1 leave all those questions
to the future. J reserve my judgment upon
them. I know there is evidence bearing on
them; but [ do not mean upw to he led into
that greater controversy. 1 am now on the
simple question as to the exercise of his dis-
cretion with regard to the people immediately
about liirn. There, according to what I have
seen with my own eyes, what I have listened
to from his own lips, what I know of liim per-
sonally, what 1 have heard others say, I am
led to the conclusion that he is so intense a
partisan that we ought not to intrust him with
any discretion that can be avoided.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have been charged with
the care of a bill which to some extent in-
volves this controvei sy, and 1 have taken some
pains to investigate the subject. Represent-
ations were made to me that the funds that
were placed in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury were disbursed, not with respect
to the merits of the clerks and cmploy6s in the
Treasury Department, but on account of polit-
ical favoritism. 1 went to the Secretary of
the Treasury and told him very plainly that
such statements had been made to me, and I
desired to know whether the statements were
true or false. I was informed by the Secretary
of the Treasury that when this fund was placed
at his disposal he made an order that the heads
of the respective bureaus aud divisions should
report to him those persons under their charge
who were most meritorious, most deserving of
this compensation, and that this fund was dis-
tributed altogether according to the reports
made to him by these chiefs of bureaus and
heads of divisions, and that a great propor-
tion of the money was paid to men with whom
he had no personal acquaintance, and of whom
he had no personal knowledge except by the
reports that were made to him by these per-
sons who were required to*report.
I then went to persons in the Treasury De-
partment of whose politics I have personal
knowledge—I know them to be radicals—and
I inquired of them if they knew as to whether
or not this fund had been distributed according
to political preferences or prejudices on the
part of the Secretary of the Treasu1-,-, and so
far as my examination went they told me that
they did not believe any such consideration
entered into the distribution of this fund. I
know, and the report which has been made by
the Secretary of the Treasury will show, that
some of the men in that Department who were
known to Senators to be radical men have
received the largest portion of the fund that
was distributed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very much the largest.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now,' so far as the Sixth
Auditor's office -Is concerned, I am not able
to make any particular statement, as 1 have
made no inquiries with reference to that par-
ticular office ; but I find that the fund was dis-
tributed there among twenty-eight persons,
and they are the heads of divisions or are dis-
charging duties analogous thereto. Every man
in the Sixth Auditor's office who has received
any portion of this fund is cither the head of
a division or is discharging duties analogous
thereto.
Mr. HOWE. In the Sixth Auditor's office?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then this report of the
Secretary of the Treasury is not to be de-
pended upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it to be depended upon?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a question, of
course, on which 1 do not profess to make any
statement. This report, which is an official
report of the Secretary of the Treasury "in
answer to a resolution of December 10, relative
to the disbursement of the funds appropriated
as extra compensation to clerks in that Depart-
ment," gives the names of the persons and
the amounts they have received. One of
them, the chief clerk, J. M. McGrew, received
$t>2J>. There are nine others who receive $300
apiece; one received §200 ; two received $150;
one received $100; and then there are twelve
others who received fifty dollars apiece; and
I find in this listtlio names of the persons men-
tioned by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr FESSENDEN. Thos'e who received
fifty dollars apiece arc not heads of divisions,
arc they ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are heads of divis-
ions or discharging duties analogous thereto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume that was
for a quarter.
Mr. W1LLTAMS. Yes, sir; they received
fifty dollars for the last quarter. There are
only twenty-eight clerks in that bureau, accord-
ing to this report, who have received any por-
tion of this extra compensation. It has all been
distributed to those who were heads of divis-
ions or discharging duties analogous thereto.
Everybody knows in what light I view the
political action and principles of the Secretary;
but I think it is due to the Secretary, as lhave
taken some pains to look into this matter, to
make this statement. I do not know but that
he is governed by political favoritism in the dis-
tribution of this fund; but according to the
examination I have made I do not believe heis.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I did not in-
augurate this discussion, and did not know any
such discussion was impending. I have been
drawn into it a little way, and I feel it neces-
sary to go a little further into it. I did not
know such aJetter was in the possession of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I did not know
it was to be produced here. I know the writer
of the letter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did the Senator have
one similar?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; not on this occasion.
The facts stated in that letter were communi-
cated to me by this same gentleman some
weeks since. They were communicated to me,
as the Senator from Maine has said, as pre-
senting reasons why the Sixth Auditor should
not be confirmed in the nomination of the
office that had been tendered to him. The
Senator from Maine asks, with considerable
emphasis, why wo did not oppose his confir-
mation. I will tell him very frankly why I did
not. It was not because I doubted the truth
of the statements contained in this communi-
cation ; I have no manner of doubt of their
truth ; but I did not oppose his confirmation
for these reasons: first, I advised the gentle-
man to communicate those facts to the Senator
from Maine and also to his colleague on the
other side of the Chamber. I advised him to
do so in order that he might ascertain what
would be the influence of those facts upon their
judgment; and I told him that if they, in spite
of those facts, still recommended the confir-
mation of this gentleman he would undoubtedly
be confirmed by the Senate; at all events, I
should not feel at liberty to offer any opposi-
tion.
I had another reason for not opposing him,
and I stated that to .him, and I will state it
now to the Senate. It was that I did not feel
at liberty to censure the Sixth Auditor of the
Treasury Department very much for the con-
duct disclosed in that communication—not
that I did not believe he had discriminated in
favor of his political friends; but we placed
the power in his hands to do that. I was
opposed to doing it. I never believed that
appropriation ought to bo made to the Treas-
ury Department. I opposed it as far as I
could oppose it; but the Senate and the House
voted that money into the hands of the Secre-
tary to be distributed as he judged proper. It.
was very proper for him to take the advice of
the Sixth Auditor. The Sixth Auditor, I under-
stood, to be politically a Democrat. Now,
when the question came up before the Sixth
Auditor between two clerks equally competent
and equally faithful as to which should have
§200, when it was impossible that both should
have it, I did not think it a very surprising
thing that he should have given it to the Dem-
ocrat and not to the Republican. If I had
been in his place I am extremely afraid I
should have given it to the Republican and
not to the Democrat, and I should not have
felt very guilty in doing so, and I am not dis-
posed to impute any great guilt to the Sixth
Auditor for doing the same thing. He never
ought to have had that power in his hands,
but we gave it to him ; we put it there ; and I
am willing to take my full share of the respon-
sibility of doing it. For these reasons I did
not offer any opposition to the confirmation of
the Sixth Auditor.
Now, sir, that all has reference to a question
which is not before the Senate. The question
before the Senate is, whether we shall appro-
priate a ccrtain sum of money, not to he dis-
tributed arbitrarily among the clerks in the
Treasury Department, but whether we shall
appropriate a certain sum, of money to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to employ tem-
porary clerks, additional help—not extra com-
pensation to regular officers, but an additional
sum of money to employ extra help from time
to time. I do not see why that ought not to be
done, why it must not be done. I am sorry
that that power is in the hands of an officer of
whom 1 have the opinion that I have of the
Secretary, of the Treasury. I differ, as the
Senator from Massachusetts differs, from the
Senator from Maine in my estimate of the
administration of the present Secretary of the
Treasury. That he is corrupt, of course 1 do
not say ; but that he gives to the country a bad
administration of the affairs of that Depart-
ment 1 think I know. Of course I do not hold
myself responsible for his political opinions. Of
course he is not responsible for mine. Of course
I do not stind here to attack the honesty or
sincerity of the opinions that he avows: and if
he sincerely believes them he has just the same
right to maintain them that I have to maintain
mine. The Seaator from Maine, however, tes-
