290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
elapse before we adopt other ulterior and more
violent measures.
Now what I would suggest very respectfully
would be this: that we let the constitutional
amendment be in the train of adoption where
it now is, until perhaps the 4th of March next,
when the Fortieth Congress will meeVsnd if at
that time wefind that this measure is repudiated
by the southern States and flung back with con-
tempt in our faces, then let the gentleman from
Pennsylvania call up his reconstruction bill, and
I will be- one of the foremost to go with him in
any practicable measure of reconstruction after
the fashion which he indicates ; and in doing
that I should carry out the wishes of my constit-
uents as well as consult my-own feelings in the
matter.
But I must be permitted to remark that we
seem to have fallen on strange times. Here-
tofore independence of thought and action has
been permitted in this honorable body on the
part of its members; but now it seems as if
every difference of opinion amounted to a de-
sertion of the Republican ranks in the opinion
of some. I am bold to say that it will take
some time and no little trouble to get me out
of the Republican ranks, for I was in at the
inception of the Republican party, and was a
Republican, in fact, long before. I loft in the
State of Ohio a proudly dominant party in
1848, one which ruled in that State by 40,000
majority, and one in which I had served for
twenty-five years. I left it, too, when I laid
down the honors of the highest judicial office in
the State, because I ventured to differ with the
Democratic party of my State on the subject
of the rendition of fugitive slaves. Soon after
that the notorious fugitive slave law was enacted.
Prom that time to the present I have, in all my
votes and all my actions, contributed, so far
as in me lay, to the downfall of slavery and all
the despotic institutions of the country. That,
sir, has become with me a habit, and I cannot
readily abandon it.
But unfortunately we are misapplying just
now the favorite term "radical." Why, sir,
I have often been called at home "the great
Radical of Ohio." And yet in this House I
am to-day charged with being somewhat con-
servative. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
told us the other day, I believe, that he had
come here a conservative at the present ses-
sion. Now, what is the meaning of this term
"radicalism?" It certainly does not iftean
despotism. Does it mean anarchy? For in
avoiding the one we may run into the other.
Are wo prepared at the sound of the bugle
blast to run into the ground all the cherished
institutions of this popular form of Govern-
ment? Are we, without a moment's considera-
tion, to be made to follow our great leader and
throw into the condition of provinces or ter-
ritories old Commonwealths which entered into
the glorious constellation of the thirteen States
that gave this Government birth?
Having this great subject upon our hands—
the overthrow of these different State govern-
ments, which it would seem it might be enough
for us to grapple with at one time—are we to
be called forward again and rallied at the sound
of the trumpet to charge with impeachment the
Chief -Executive officer ofthe Government? Are
we to do this at once; without any time for
reflection or consideration? Mr. Speaker, I do
not question that the President of'-the United
States has .said and done a great many wrong
things. I might perhaps say that some of them
approach the "very verge" of what would form
a ground of impeachment. I do not stand
here for the purpose of applauding, much less
excusing, in any degree, the conduct of the
Chief Magistrate while he was traversing the
country last summer, nor at any time since.
But I do stand here, sir, to vindicate our popu-
lar institutions, our free institutions of govern-
ment, against the rudeness of all these assaults
at one and the same time.
I am not given to fear without a cause. I
am commonly reckoned as reckless as the most
reekless man; but my age is such that I must
January 5,
be permitted to listen rather to the counsels of
reason than the impulses of passion : and I do
say it will be wise in this House and in the
other branch of Congress to proceed in these
matters with some degree of caution.
Sometimes it is said, sir^ that we should go
into these matters with decision, with firmness,
and without delay, because the perpetuity of
our .great party rests upon the adoption of rad-
ical measures. Sir, I have been a partisan
long enough to know that extreme measures
will not always promote the interests of a party.
Suppose that we should in this House, at this
moment, prefer articles of impeachment against
the President of the United States, we have a
measure pending at the same time to establish
governments by the exercise of the elective
franchise by all the freedmen of the South in
those States. What will our people at home
think of these rank and radical measures ? We
have not yet had their vote upon this subject.
But, sir, if Congress be not content with exert-
ing and exercising its constitutional powers,
and passing laws by a two-third vote over the
Executive veto; if we are not content to rest
ourselves upon the exercise of this power, but
at the same time seek violently to throw the
President from his seat, and dispossess these
so-called State governments ofthe South, what
are we to expect from our constituents at home?
Will not these matters react; and will not the
President, by and by, beget a sympathy with the
masses, which may do far more toward throw-
ing the great Union party at the next election
out of power than anything else? I only throw
out this suggestion for the consideration of my
friends—those who have far more interest in
this subject than I possibly can have.
Again, sir, there is the test of radicalism held
out to us upon the subject of revenue or tariff
upon foreign importations, and upon the subject
of the currency. It would seem that no man
can come fully up in these days to the standard
of radicalism unless he be prepared to put a
tariff upon foreign goods that shall amount to
prohibition, and to open and extend the paper
circulation of the country without any limita-
tion. That I understand to be radicalism in
the State of Pennsylvania. While I advocate a
reasonable tariff to protect our own industry at
home, I am not prepared to denounce every
officer of the Government who says that we must
still derive a portion of our revenue from duties
On imports. While I would disapprove any
curtailment of the currency so as injuriously to
affect the legitimate business interests of the
country, I am with the Secretary of the Treasury
when he says that we should gradually feel our
way to specie payment.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman think
that an assurance to the world that we can
resume specie payment in less than two years
is a proposition to do it gradually ?
Mr. SPALDING. It occurs to me that that
would be a proposition to do it within two
years, and if that is not gradual enough for the
gentleman why of course it is not gradual.
• Mr. KELLEY. I simply asked the gentle-
man the question.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not profess to be-
lieve that this measure can be brought about
in two years. I did not claim that. I only
claimed that an officer of the Government, who
I believe is endeavoring faithfully to discharge
his duty as the principal financier of this Gov-
ernment, should not be subjected to the tar-
bucket and the brush whenever he recommends
any policy to this House. That is all, sir.
I do believe, barring his political opinions
in respect to this work of reconstruction, that
the present head of the Treasury Department,
in connection with Alexander Hamilton and
Salmon P. Chase, will bo read in history as the
great financial officers of America. Now, I say
this boldly: I was ready to say that he was
the proper man for the place when Mr. Lin-
coln appointed him to it. I believed then that
Mr. Lincoln was appointing a capable busi-
ness man, not a politician, to a business situa-
tion, and myjlxperionce with his administra-
tion of the revenue since that time has served
to confirm my judgment in this particular.
Now, sir, 1 do not agree with him in his
proposition for reconstruction. I do not agree
with the Secretary of the Navy where he
alludes to the same subject in his report. I do
not agree with any of them, the President or
any of his Cabinet; I have said so most dis-
tinctly. But setting those political opinions
aside, I say those department officers are dis-
charging their duty with high integrity; and,
instead of being censured in the House of Rep-
resentatives, they ought to_be commended.
, Mr. Speaker, I have occupied much more
time than I expected to do when I took the
floor this morning. My remarks were expected
to be discursive; I have made such as occurred
to me; I have made them in a spirit of frank-
ness and candor, and I shall adhere to them
with just as much tenacity as ever characterized
Ulysses S. Grant when he undertook the siege
of yicksburg. Sir, I have done.
Mr. BUNDY obtained the floor, butyieldedto
Mr. STEVENS, who said: Mr. Speaker, I
do not rise to make any lengthy reply to the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spal-
ding.] Certainly I shall enterinto no personal
controversy with him, for I have no feeling
which would induce me to raise a personal issue
with him. But when any gentleman advances
doctrines here, I feel that those doctrines are
public property, to be dealt with by each of us
according to our sense of their soundness and
worth, and that their condemnation ought to be
in no way offensive to those gentlemen whose
doctrines are thus condemned. They use the
same privilege, in regard to others. Hence I
wish to say to the gentleman from Ohio that I
had no idea that my condemnation of some of
his views was in any way a personal matter, or
that it could be made personally offensive. If
I had supposed so, I should have forborne those
remarks. It is my desire here, while I deal
boldly and fearlessly with principles, to deal
fairly and justly with all individuals of this
House of all parties. So much with regard to
the animus of my remarks, which the gentle-
man appears to have misunderstood.
Now, going back upon the ground-work of
those remarks, which was the resolution intro-
duced by him some weeks ago, and which he
has read to the House this morning, listening
to his resolution from this point and to his
attack upon the editor of the Washington
Chronicle for what he had said with regard to
the purport of that resolution, I could not help
thinking that the gentleman's views differed
from mine. .He may be right, but I gave it as
my opinion that his views were wrong and mis-
chievous. I hold the same doctrine to-day.
Now, sir, what I meant by that was this:
that resolution was the entering wedge into
this House of the idea, the sanction of the idea,
thatwhenthe proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States should be adopted
the States now in rebellion were to be admit-
ted to their representation in this House. I
knew that that doctrine had been assumed in
some of the States, and had been enunciated
in their platforms. I knew it had been argued,
not only in the district of the gentleman, [Mr.
Spalding,] but in other districts in Ohio, and
the people there had been taught the doctrine
that the constitutional amendment which we
had proposed was the final action of Congress
in regard to the admission of those States. In
my judgment, a more pernicious heresy never
was promulgated any where or by any party;
and it left us open, if it were once adopted, to
the influx from the South of all the unrecon-
structed rebels that choose to come here. I
agree with the gentleman fhat when three
fourths of the loyal States shall have ratified
that amendment—and I suppose all on this
side of the House agree with me—it wiil be-
come a part of the Constitution of the United
States. Then, it being a part of the^ Constitu-
tion, according to the doctrine to which I have
referred, what is there for the southern Slates
to do but to send their Representatives to this
