1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
the code of laws enacted by Congress for the
government of the national forces. That body
of military law has no application to the citizen,
nor even to the citizen soldier enrolled in the
militia in time of peace. But this bill is not a
part of that sort of military law, for that applies
only to the soldier and not to the citizen, while,
contrariwise, the military law provided by this
bill applies only to the citizen and not to the
soldier.
I need not say to the representatives of the
American people that their Constitution forbids
the exercise of judicial power in any way but
one, that is, by the ordained and established
courts. It is equally well known that in all
criminal cases a trial by jury is made indis-
pensable by the express words of that instru-
ment. I will not enlarge on the inestimable
value of the right thus secured to every free-
man or speak of the danger to public liberty
in all parts of the country which must ensue
from a denial of it anywhere or upon any pre-
tense. A very recent decision of the Supreme
Court has traced the history, vindicated the
dignity, and made known the value of this
great privilege so clearly that nothing more is
needed. To what extent a violation of it might
be excused in war or public danger may admit
of discussion, but we are providing now for a
time of profound peace, where there- is not an
armed soldier within our borders except those
who are in the service of the Government. It
is in such a condition of things that an act of
Congress is proposed which if carried out
would deny a trial by the lawful courts and
juries to nine million American citizens and
to their posterity for an indefinite period.
It seems to be scarcely possible that any one
should seriously believe this consistent with a
Constitution which declares in simple, plain,
and unambiguous language that all persons
shall have that right, and that no person shall
ever in any case be deprived of it. The Con-
stitution also forbids the arrest of the citizen
without judicial warrant, founded on probable
cause. This bill authorizes an arrest without
warrant, at the pleasure of a military com-
mander. The Constitution declares that 1' no
person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on present-
ment by a grand jury." This bill holds every
person not a soldier answerable for all crimes
and all charges without any presentment. The
"Constitution declares that " no person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law." This bill sets aside
all process of law, and makes the citizen
answerable in his person and property to the
will of one man, and as to his life to the will
of two. Finally, the Constitution declares that
"the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended unless when in case of
rebellion or invasion the public safety may
require itwhereas this bill declares martial
law (which of itself suspends this great writ)
in time of peace, and authorizes the military
to make the arrest, and gives to the prisoner
only one privilege, and that is, a trial " without
unnecessary delay." He has no hope of release
from custody, except the hope, such as it is,
of release by acquittal before a military com-
mission.
The United States are bound to guaranty to
each State a republican form of government.
Can it be pretended that this obligation is not
palpably broken if we carry out a measure like
this, which wipes away ever vestige of republi-
can government in ten States, and put the life,
property, liberty, and honor of all the people
in each of them under the domination ot a
single person clothed with unlimited authority ?
The Parliament in England, exercising the
omnipotent power which it claimed, was ac-
customed to pass bills of attainder; that is to
say, it would convict men of treason and other
crimes by legislative enactment. The person
accused had a hearing, sometimes a patient
and fair one; but generally party prejudice
prevailed instead of justice. It often became
necessary for Parliament to acknowledge its
error and reverse its own action. The fathers
of our country determined that no such thing
should occur here. They withheld the power
from-Congress and thus forbade its exercise by
that body ; and they provided in the Constitu-
tion that no State should pass any bill of at-
tainder. It is therefore impossible for any per-
son in this country to be constitutionally con-
victed or punished for any crime by a legisla-
tive proceeding of any sort. Nevertheless,
here is a bill of attainder against nine million
people at once. It is based upon an accusa-
tion so vague as to be scarcely intelligible, and
found to be true upon no credible evidence. Not
one of the nine millions was heard in his own
defense. The representatives of the doomed
parties were excluded from all participation in
the trial. The conviction is to be followed by
the most ignominious punishment ever inflicted
on large masses of men. It disfranchises them
by hundreds of thousands, and degrades them
all—even those who are admitted to be guilt-
less—from the rank of freemen to the condition
of slaves.
The purpose and object of the bill, the gen-
eral intent which pervades it from beginning to
end, is to change the entire structure and char-
acter of the State governments, and to compel
them by force to the adoption of organic laws
and regulations which they are unwilling to
accept if left to themselves. The negroes have
not asked for the privilege of voting; the vast
majority of them have no idea what it means.
This bill not only thrusts it into their hands,
but compels thern, as well as the whites, to use
it in a particular way. If they do not form a
constitution with prescribed articles in it, and
afterward elect a Legislature which will act
upon certain measures in a prescribed way,
neither blacks nor whites can be relieved from
the slavery which the bill imposes upon them.
Without pausing here to consider the policy or
impolicy of Africanizing the southern part of
our territory, I would simply ask the attention
of Congress to that manifest, well-known, and
universally acknowledged rule of constitutional
law which declares that the Federal Govern-
ment has no jurisdiction, authority, or power
to regulate such subjects for any State. To
force the right of suffrage out of the hands of
the white people and into the hands of the
negroes is an arbitrary violation of this prin-
ciple.
This bill imposes martial law at once, and
its operations will begin so soon as the general
and his troops can be put in place. The dread
alternative between its harsh rule and com-
pliance with the terms of this measure is not
suspended, nor are the people afforded any
time for free deliberation. The bill says to
them, take martial law first, then deliberate.
And when they have done all that this measure
requires them to do, other conditions and con-
tingencies, over which they have 10 control,
yet remain to be fulfilled before they can be
relieved from martial law. Another Congress
must first approve the constitutions made in
conformity with the will of this Congress, and
must declare these States entitled to represent-
ation in both Houses. The whole question
thus remains open and unsettled, and must
again occupy the attention of Congress, and in
the mean time the agitation which now prevails
will continue to disturb all portions of the
people.
The bill also denies the legality of the gov-
ernments «f ten of the States which partici-
pated in the ratification of the amendment to
the Federal Constitution abolishing slavery
forever within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and practically excludes them from the
Union. If this assumption of the bill be cor-
rect their concurrence cannot be considered as
having been legally given, and the important
fact is made to appear that the consent of three
fourths of the States—the requisite number—
has not been constitutionally obtained to the
ratification of that amendment, thus leaving
the question of slavery where it stood before
the amendment was officially declared to have
become a part of the Constitution.
That tne measure proposed by this bill does
violate the Constitution in the particulars men-
tioned, and in many other ways which I for-
bear to enumerate, is too clear to admit of the
least doubt. It only remains to consider whether
the injunctions of that instrument ought to be
obeyed or not. I think they ought to be obeyed
for reasons which I will proceed to give as
briefly as possible.
In the first place, it is the only system of free
government which we can hope to have as a
nation. When it ceases to be the rule of our
conduct we may perhaps take our choice be-
tween complete anarchy, a consolidated des-
potism, and a total dissolution of the Union ;
but national liberty, regulated by law, will
have passed beyond our reach.
It is the best frame of government the world
ever saw. No other is or can be so well adapted
to the genius, habits, or wants of the American
people. Combining the strength of a great
empire with unspeakable blessings of local
self-government, having a central power to
defend the general interests, and recognizing
the authority of the States as the guardians of
industrial rights, it is "the sheet-anchor of our
safety abroad and our peace at home." It was
ordained "to form a more perfect Union, estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
mote the general welfare, provide for the com-
mon defense, and secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity." These great
ends have been attained heretofore, and will
be again, by faithful obedience to it; but they
are certain to be lost if we treat with disregard
its sacred obligations.
It was to punish the gross crime of defying
the Constitution and to vindicate its supremo
authority, that we carried oe a bloody war of
four years' duration. Shall we now acknowl-
edge that we sacrificed a million lives and
expended billions of treasure to enforce a
Constitution which is not worthy of respect
and preservation ?
Those who advocated the right of secession
alleged in their own justifiation that we had
no regard for law, and that their rights of
property, .life, and liberty would not be safe ,
under the Constitution as administered by us.
If we now verify their assertion, we prove that
they were in truth and in fact fighting for their
liberty, and instead of branding their leaders
with the dishonoring name of traitors against
a righteous and legal Government, we elevate
them in history to the rank of self-sacrificing
patriots, consecrate them to the admiration of
the world, and place them by the side of Wash-
ington, Hampden, and Sidney. No, let us
leave them to the infamy they deserve, punish
them as they should be punished, according to
law, and take upon ourselves no share of the
odium which they should bear alone.
It is a part of our public history which can
never be forgotten that both Houses of Con-
gress, in July, 1861, declared in the form of a
solemn resolution that the war was and should
be carried on for no purpose of subjugation,
but solely to enforce the Constitution and laws,
and that when this was yielded by the parties
in rebellion, the contest should cease, with the
constitutional rights of the States and of in-
dividuals unimpaired. This resolution was
adopted and sent forth to the world unani-
mously by the Senate, and with only two dis-
senting voices in the House. It was accepted
by the friends of the Union in the South, as
well as in the North, as expressing honestly
and truly the object of the war. On the faith
of it many thousands of persons in both sec-
tions gave their lives and their fortunes to the
cause. To repudiate it now by refusing to the
States and to the individuals within them the
rights which the Constitution and laws of the
Union would secure to them is a breach of
our plighted honor for which I can imagine no
excuse, and to which I cannot voluntarily
become a party.
The evils which spring from the unsettled
state of our Government will be acknowledged
by all. Commercial intercourse is impeded,
capital is in constant peril, public securities
fluctcate in value, peace itself is net secure,
