1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Hall.? If that was the final action of Congress
before we admitted the rebels into this Hall,
whenever, in a few days the northern States,
the States that proposed the amendment, shall
by a three-fourths vote have ratified it, then,
if the doctrine to which I have referred shall
prevail, there is no earthly power in this House
to keep them out.
Now, I put it to this House and to the coun-
try if that would not be the most pernicious-^
"pernicious" is the word I used in regard to
the gentleman's resolution—if that would not
be the most pernicious doctrine, the most per-
nicious action that any rebel sympathizer could
propose to this body? I did not misunder-
stand entirely the resolution of the gentleman,
and I do not now. As I read it—not perhaps
as the gentleman understands it—it is, a soft
invitation, a feeling-the-way to the very thing
which I have just now stated. What was the
resolution?
"Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction
be requested to inquire into theexpediency of passing
a joint resolution declaratory of tin; purpose of Con-
ratification by them of the constitutional amendment
and the establishment of republican forms of govern-
ment not inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States."
Now, sir, I think I saw this tadpole before
it had its present shape. I think its present
form is due in some measure to the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] at whose suggestion,
I am inclined to believe, it was modified. In
its present form the resolution looks a little
better, but it really means nothing different.
Why instruct the committee to inquire into the
propriety of adopting a joint resolution provid-
ing for the admission of the Representatives
and Senators from those States as soon as the
amendment is adopted if it was not intended
as a broad insinuation that such a resolution
should be passed, and that the southern rebels
should be admitted on the adoption of the
amendment ? If that was not the purpose, why
was the proposition offered?
But the gentleman complained of the editor
of the Chronicle, for it was in answer to an
article of the editor that the gentleman made
his remarks. He said that the editor charged
him with inconsistency. The language of the
resolution contemplates " the reception of Sen-
ators and Representatives from the rebellious
States respectively upon the ratification by them
of the constitutional amendment," distinctly
inviting and legalizing the action of those States
upon the constitutional amendment. Could
anything more effectually stultify this body?
The gentleman did not intend to stultify us;
but he would have done it undoubtedly. We
have been fighting upon the ground that there
are ten outlawed rebel communities 
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
' Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to say whether, in his judgment,
the adoption of the constitutional amendment
has any bearing whatever on the reconstruc-
tion of those States?
Mr. STEVENS. Not the least, except so
far as it provides that when we find those States
fit for admission they shall not oveTwhelm us
by a representation based upon the negroes
who are not voters. That, in my judgment, is
the vital feature of the constitutional amend-
ment. It contains other wholesome provisions,
but its great virtue is, that it cuts down the
representation of those States; takes away
their power to overrule us when they shall have
formed proper constitutions and shall be deemed
lit lor admission to representation. The idea
that the constitutional amendment contains
anything contemplating its submission to the
action of the southern States is altogether idle.
It need not go there. If we once adopt it and
they choose to come in, why ask them to ratify
it? They come in as any other State would
come in, under the Constitution as amended,
and they are bound by it, whether they ever
choose to ratify it or not. To ask them to
rote upon it would be stultifying ourselves, as
the editor of the Chronicle has justly said, for
it would be treating them as States, and asking
them to take State action upon what Congress
has sent forth for the action of the loyal States.
After doing this, how could we say to the
Executive, "Why, sir, you are wrong; these
are no States?" "What?" that astute gen-
tleman would reply, "not States? You have
sent to them an invitation to ratify this amend-
ment to the Constitution. Not States? What
are they ? Are they disorganized communi-
ties, lying about, as you pretend? Why, you
have solemnly asked them to unite with every
loyal State in an action which none but States
can take." Will the gentleman tell me whether
by placing ourselves in that posture we should
not stultify ourselves?
Mr. SPALDING. It may be so; but I will
ask the gentleman whether his bill does not con-
template recognizing for certain purposes these
very organizations in those States.
Mr. STEVENS. By act of Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. Exactly so.
_ Mr. STE VJ3NS. We do not propose to recog-
nize the present organizations as valid. We
propose to regulate them; we do not propose
to ask them to regulate anything. We propose
to say to those communities: "You have no gov-
ernments^ we repudiate allyour pretended gov-
ernments. Go on and form such governments
as Congress has ordered you to form." That
is what we propose to do. When we shall have
recognized those governments for municipal
purposes the gentleman will be right in saying
that for such purposes they are States. But the
gentleman proposes to do this in advance. He
would have them act now as States under their
bastard reconstruction, and do that which none
but States can do. I must beg leave to say, sir,
as I have said before, first, the proposition was
the most pernicious that could possibly be made
by this body, and secondly, it stultified the
House, and hence the editor was right.
Mr. SPALDING. I beg leave to ask the
gentleman one question.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask whether he con-
curred in the majority report of the committee
on reconstruction submitting this amendment
for the approval of the House? I would also
like to know whether he voted for the admis-
sion of Tennessee.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, I voted for the
admission of Tennessee without regard to the
amendment sent forth, which was no amend-
ment then. Tennessee had formed a constitu-
tion and submitted it to her people, and they
had ratified it; the only rebel State that had
done so. On full examination of that consti-
tution, my colleague here knows, and all the
laws passed under it, the committee came to
the conclusion it was a republican State, and
we could safely admit it. Her adoption of the
constitutional amendment before the act of
admission was a matter of no importance; not
the least in the world.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the
joint resolution admitting the State of Ten-
nessee to representation in the two Houses of
Congress did not place it upon the ground the
State had adopted the constitutional amend-
ment, and whether Congress did not sanction
that view in that act, and that to adopt the
constitutional amendment would entitle any
of the rebel States to admission?
Mr. STEVENS. The preamble to the joint
resolution admitting the State of Tennessee re-
cited many of her good acts, and among the rest,
as an inducement to admit her and as evidence
of her loyalty, that she had just adopted the
amendment to the Constitution; but nobody
ever thought of giving a vote on that ground.
No one thought of voting for it because she
had done it; but it was one of the evidences of
her loyalty.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to ask the gentleman
whether Congress in that matter did not stultify
itself according to the view he has promulgated?
Mr. STEVENS. Congress did not submit
it to Tennessee at all. Tennessee did it before
Congress passed the joint resolution. It was
the_ voluntary act of the State of Tennessee,
incited thereto by the impetuous young- gen-
tleman who is the Governor of that State.
[Laughter.] It was sent here and was incor-
porated as one of her good things to palliate
the great many foolish things she had done.
That is the whole of that.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will pardon
me. My recollection is that it was transmitted
to the Governor of the State of Tennessee,
who called a special session of the Legislature,
and -that Congress waited with breathless
anxiety to hear of the result; and when we
received word by telegraph that Tennessee had
adopted the constitutional amendment, Con-
gress made haste to admit Tennessee on that
ground. It is part of the history of the coun-
try. Such is my recollection, and I think
gentlemen will agree with me.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not that recollec-
tion, but I do not undertake to contradict the
gentleman from Indiana when I do not recol-
lect. All I have to say is, that we recognized
Tennessee as a State; the committee recog-
nized Tennessee as a State ; we agreed she had
done all in forming her constitution which a
State was required to do. The gentleman's
fact, therefore, has no pertinency.
I may as well say to the gentleman that he
knows we took the ground that these disloyal
States are not State organizations known to us,
but are captive provinces, and have in their
capitols certain municipal institutions for the
purpose of going on from day to day, which we
do not propose yet to disturb, but which are
referred to in my enabling acts.
Now, sir, I have answered the gentleman's
personal point. I have nothing personal to
say in the matter; I say personal point; I
mean the question referred to in his personal
explanation. I do not wish, and I hope he
does not so understand I wish, to interfere with
his prospects; I do not know what they are;
I would not do it if I could. Three or four of
his colleagues were as bad upon the stump as
he was.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me, as the admission of Tennessee has been
referred to at this stage of the discussion, to
ask if States which were in rebellion were to
do the things which Tennessee has done, and
which are recited in the preample to the joint
resolution by which Tennessee was restored to
her privileges in the Union, namely: providing
by law to secure her frecdmen in the enjoyment
of their civil rights; providing by law for the
prevention of the return of the rebel element to
power in the State; and, in the manner desig-
nated here, proving its loyalty to the Govern-
ment and the loyalty of the people whom that
Government represents, whether the gentle-
man or any other gentleman would not take
such action in the case of that State as in the
case of the State of Tennessee ? I speak of
no one particular act, but acts denoting all
that I have intimated; that is, the repression
of the rebellion in the persons of its votaries,
the protection of the freedmen, and a govern-
ment of loyal men representing a loyal constit-
uency.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, it is not
expected that the ^:bel States will be kept out
forever, although they seem to be getting worse
and worse—further and further off every day;
and I do not know when they will get to the
end of this long lane that has no turning. When
these States form constitutions—I believe that
of Tennessee was submitted to the people 
Mr. MAYXARD. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. STEVENS. When they form constitu-
tions and present them here, and the Congress
of the United States shall believe them to be
republican in form and founded upon principles
of justice, I presume Congress will be very glad
to admit them to representation. I will say,
however, here and now, that I shall never vote
for the admission of another State containing
one of the provisions of the Tennessee State
government. The gentleman, I suppose, knowa
what that is.
