1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
10 m
ask me whether the Secretary of the Treasury
was responsible for it or not when he did not
mean to suggest that I had intimated that
he was. It will be time for him to inquire
whether I think the Secretary of the Treasury
is responsible or not when 1 undertake to
hold him responsible, or to say that he is or is
not. I took particular pains when I rose, that
I might not be misunderstood, to say that I
should not enter into this controversy between
the Senators from Massachusetts and Maine,
and should make no attack upon individuals.
It is against this species of legislation which
vests such vast discretionary power in the
in the hands of the heads of Departments that
I protest; my remarks are directed to that.
I was about to say, when interrupted by the
Senator from Connecticut, that I supposed it
" was necessary that there should be a consider-
able sum of money, amounting I suppose to
millions, all the time in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I am sorry that it
has to be so, but that is a discretion, I take it,
which is unavoidable; but will the Senator
from Maine tell me or anybody else that there
is any necessity for having, for a year at a time,
one hundred and forty millions of money in
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does the Senator
know there has been that much for a year ?
Mr. TRUMBULL,, The statement on our
tables shows that there is a balance of $1-12,-
000,000 now in the Treasury. 1 recollect that
when wo were in session last summer the
reports showed at several times more than
one hundred million dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of the present balance
over ninety-seven million dollars are in gold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Over ninety-seven mil-
lion dollars of this is in gold, the value of
which to-day in legal currency would be, I sup-
pose, $125,000,000 at least, so thai, in reality
you have in your Treasury at this time some-
thing like $170,000,000, or what is equal to it
in legal currency.
Now, in reference to this particular amend-
ment, I shall not object to it further than what
T have stated. I regret the necessity of it. I
suppose it will be adopted, but I am very glad
that the attention which was called two years
ago to this class of legislation has led, first, to
the striking out of the $250,000 appropria-
tion, and then of the $150,000 appropriation,
and has brought it down to this sum of $50,000.
I hope that going on improving in this way the
Senator from Maine, at the next session of
Congress, will strike out altogether this appro-
priation even of $50,000 to be disbursed by
the Secretary of the Treasury in employing
clerks at his pleasure, and paying them such
sums as lie shall deem proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I feel under the necessity of replying
to some of the remarks of the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, because I think his speech is
calculated to do injury and mislead the public
mind. It is a very good ad captandum speech,
but unfortunately a good part of it is founded
on a misapprehension, and so far as the last
part of it is concerned, when you come to ex-
amine it according to the facts, 1 think it will
be found that it is built up upon a false suppo-
sition, or rather upon an ignorance of the true
state of the fact.
I made no attempt at eulogizing the honor-
able Secretary of the Treasury. It is not my
habit hero to eulogize anybody. His honor
being impugned and his administration of his
office being impugned, I but felt it my duty,
being the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to state that in my belief the Secretary
of the Treasury had conducted himself in his
high office with integrity and with ability. I
repeat it now. It is my opinion, and the opin-
ion w ill go for what it is worth.
With regard to this particular thing, when
the honorable Senator did not find here the
appropriation which two years ago he so much
objected to, what necessity was there that he
should make a long speech in order to prove
that we had been wrong heretofore, and that
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 67.
he had been right, as he always is, and that
now the Finance Committee had come at last
to his opinion and to his conclusion? What
object the Senator had in making such a speech
when he did not find here the appropriation to
which he objected, except to recall to the
memory of the Senate the wise words that he
uttered on a former occasion, I cannot imagine.
I cannot think of any other reason, because
the question did not present itself to the Senate.
I stated last year with reference to this large
fund to be placed in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury for a certain purpose, that if
anybody was responsible for it I was. I first
recommended it. I urged it upon the Senate,
and I will state briefly the reasons that oper-
ated upon me in doing so.
I thought that in these times there was an
absolute necessity to increase the pay of some of
the officers of the Department in order to retain
their services, I hoped that these hard times
would not continue, that we should soon get back
to aspecie basis, and when we did return the pres-
ent salaries would be sufficient. I was opposed,
therefore, to making a permanent increase of
salaries which it is almost always impossible to
reduce, and preferred that in order to carry on
the Department the temporary power should
be given to the Secretary of the Treasury for
a'yearortwo—I did not know how long it
would last—to increase the pay of those officers
who could not afford to serve and would not
serve for the pay they received, and whose ser-
vices were absolutely essential. In other words,
I preferred to lodge a temporary discretion
with the Secretary of the Treasury rather than
to mako a general increase of salaries, which
would be too high by and by, and which we
could not get rid of. That was the simple
ground upon which I put it. I recommended
an appropriation of $250,000 with this view
while J held the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and recommended it, not to'be disbursed by
myself, because L did not intend to remain in
the oflicc, but to he disbursed by my successor,
whoever he might be. I was of the opinion
that that was the best thing to do. 1 consulted
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
on the part of the Senate, now a member of
the committee, as he will remember, on that
subject, and I consulted the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House,
and explained my reasons. They agreed with
me, and the appropriation was made. A reason
for a similar appropriation, though of a smaller
amount, seemed to present itself last year
because there had been no increase of salaries,
and it was made after considerable discussion.
It is my habit to think that a man placed in
a high office, a man of character, who has
been found true to integrity and honor during
a long life or for many years, may be trusted
with the disbursement of a sum of money for
ordinary purposes. You must trust somebody.
Why not trust him who has risen to such emi-
nence as to fit him for a high place? In prin-
ciple, as a general practice, I agree, and I
stated that I agreed, with the honorable Senator
from Illinois; but under the circumstances I
deemed it wise to vary from it; and I believe
that he is rather a poor statesman who always
is bound by the same rules under widely differ-
ing circumstances, because he sees a principle
in it, not a moral principle, but a political prin-
ciple if you please. I think that ability is shown
in the power to suit yourself to circumstances
and do that which varying conditions may re-
quire, and not always to be bound down by
one iron rule and not to move from it. Sir,
these have been remarkable times, and they
have required some variation from the ordinary
course of things.
It seems the Senate agreed with me. T have
not abandoned the idea. I think now that it
would be wise to do the same thing rather than
to be paying twenty per cent, increase of sal-
aries all round to every officer. It would not
take one quarter as much money. We appro-
priated only $160,000 last year in this way and
got along well enough; but your twenty per
cent, increase will take a million. I did it on
the score of economy. I thought it was better.
I think so still. But unfortunately such a state
of feeling exists in Congress with reference to
political affairs at the present day and the
political opinions of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and other men, that they would rather
spend a million according to rule, according
to the law they passed, than spend $150,000
through the exercise of the discretion of an
officer whose honor is not impugned and can-
not be impugned in my judgment.
That is the simple fact; and when I say that
the Committee on Finance did not attempt to
propose such an appropriation this year I
mean to suggest that it was because it was
understood^ that such was the state of feeling
that it was impossible to pass it, and therefore
they might as well not try it; but I remain of
precisely the same opinion that I did then,
and 1 would rather trust $150,000 to the
Secretary of the Treasury to be disbursed in
that way than to spend $1,000,000 in a general
increase of salaries when the great majority of
them in my judgment ought not to be increased
at all.
So far as that goes I am responsible for
these opinions and for having acted upon
them; and I do believe—I know that while in
disbursing the fund ho may have made some
mistakes, the Secretary disbursed it throughout
upon the principles upon which the appropria-
tion was obtained, according to the reasons
which I gave for it in the first place, and to
accomplish the very purpose that I wished to
carry out. T did not mean that it should be
given to all the under clerks, who receive
enough, but for a spccial purpose, to keep that
kind of aid in the Department that was needed
by the Department. That was the object and
the only object.
But it is abandoned, and the question comes
back simply to an appropriation of $50,000; for
what? To pay temporary clerks. As I said
before, these are times when you cannot tell
precisely what you want. In ordinary times,
before the war, wo knew exactly what force
was needed; we knew how much business was
to be done in the Department; we could fix the
number of clerks in each bureau and say
"there is enough," and fix their compensa-
tion. We cannot do it now, for such is the
sudden increase of business in the different
bureaus of the Department from month to
month that the Secretary of the Treasury must
have power to employ temporary clerks more
than the ordinary force at different times or he
cannot get along.
Mr. SHERMAN. An appropriation for the
same purpose was made regularly before the
war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But not to the same
amount; this is rather larger than was appro-
priated then. There has always been a small
appropriation to be used at the discretion of
the Secretary for temporary clerks.4 Then
there would seem to be no objection to this,
and all the terrible shaking ague fit of my friend
from Illinois upon that subject is really without
any occasion in the atmosphere.
But, sir, it seems there is a wonderful diffi-
culty about the sum of money which there is
in the Treasury. Boes the honorable Senator
know that the Secretary of the Treasury can-
not draw from the Treasury a dollar on his
own signature at any time except after the
warrant on which it is drawn has gone through
all the formalities required and has gone
through the hands of all the accounting officers
of the Treasury? The Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot take out a sixpence in any way.
The ordinary business of the Treasury, I should
think, must be pretty well understood here. A
claim comes in, a disbursement, something to
be done according to a law of Congress. That
claim goes through the hands of the auditors
and comptrollers, is thoroughly examined, and
then a warrant is drawn,' certified by all to be
correct, and on that warrant thus drawn and
these certificates the Secretary of the Treasury
can draw the money for that specific purpose,
to pay that specific debt, to meet that specific
