294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
lions per month- and that they were to be de-
stroyed, and to make myself sure that I -was
correct in that. I introduced a resolution some
two weeks since, which was kindly objected to
By my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,]
requesting the Committed on Banking and Cur-
rency to ascertain whether,these legal tenders
had been burned. I wanted to know what had
been done with them,; • I- wanted to be assured
that they werfe reduced to ashes. For if in-
stead of being destroyed they arc being con-
verted into long bonds, if we have left that door
i >pen to the Secretary of the Treasury, then we
had better here and now, before sunset, pass a
law "that no non-interest-bearing legal tender
" should ever be converted into interest-bearing
bonds of any description. I cannot consent to
believe that we have made such ia,n egregious
blunder as to allow such a thing to be done.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman says
I objected to his resolution; I objected only to
a part of it.
Mr. PRICE. There were two resolutions,
and.the gentleman verv kindly objected to both.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Was it all in one
proposition ?
Mr. PRICE. They were on the same paper,
but they were susceptible of division if the gen-
tleman had seen proper to call for a division,
but he did not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does not the gentle-
man understand parliamentary law well enough
to know that we cannot divide a proposition
when the question is upon its reception. Only
after it is received can it be divided; therefore
I objected tffits reception.
Mr. PRICE. I am so well acquainted with
parliamentary law as to know that the House
could not act on it in any manner until it was
received, and the gentleman availed himself of
the privilege, knowing that a single objection
would stop it, to prevent its coming up for
debate or division or anything else.
But to return to what I was saying when I
was interrupted. When at the last session that
bill was under consideration, I expressed my
views upon it in a short speech, and I took the
ground that we should retire these notes no faster
than the receipts of the Government exceeded
its expenditures, and that we must not retire
the non-interest-paying paper an*l keep afloat
the other. I certainly combated to the extent
of my ability then, and shall continue to do it
so long as I shall remain a member of this
House, the doctrine that the Government should
make any more interest-paying notes, and
maintained that if it retired any it should be
the interest-paying notes. I supposed I was
entirely with the gentleman from Ohio in that,
and I am only sorry to find there is a possibility
of my being mistaken in regard to it.
Mr. BUNDY. It is wholly immaterial, and
the gentleman as readily understands it as any
member on the floor perhaps, whether there is
a provision in the law to the effect which he
claims or not. What are the facts in the case?
The gentleman knows as well as I do that if
you do not increase the interest-bearing bonds
of the Government they remain as they are
bearing interest. In other words if you retire
anything, would it not be better to retire the
bonds that bear interest?
Mr. PRICE. The notes that bear interest.
Mr. BUNDY. Why do you give the Secre-
tary of the Treasury permission to retire four
millions a month of notes upon which the Gov-
ernment pays no interest and retain as indebt-
edness those upon which it does pay interest?
There is the impolicy of the thing. I care not
what the special provisions of your law are ; it
amounts to nothing, because if we are getting
more revenue than is necessary to meet the
ordinary expenses of the Government, that sur-
plus ought to be applied to the payment of the
debt upon which we are paying interest and not
of that upon which we are paying no interest.
He would be a very foolish man indeed who, in
the administration of his own affairs, should
give his surplus above his necessary expenses
or the requirements of his business to pay those
notes upon which he had to pay no interest,
while he let those remain upon which he was
paying interest.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BUNDY. Oh yes, only I am afraid the
gentleman will interject a better speech than
my own. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire just at this point
to say that the theory of the Secretary of the
Treasury is, that by absorbing the non-interest-
bearing notes, while the compound-interest
notes are afloat, he is contracting the currency;
and I wish to ask the gentleman to permit me
to have read from the Public Ledger, of Phil-
adelphia, a paper of unquestioned standing, an
article showing that the banks recognize the
absorption of the compound-interest notes as
contraction, and are afraid that retiring them
even at their maturity will bring them to insol-
vency or to a suspension of the payment of
greenbacks in the redemption of their notes.
I ask for the reading of the article:
The Clerk read as follows:
"The proposition to take from the national banks
the right to count compound notes as a part of their
legal reserve is creating alarm among bankers, who
see in it the seeds of financial revulsion, the result
of an arbitrary and violent change in the law. The
withdrawal of the compound notes from the banks
at maturity will force upon them a conservative pol-
icy, which cannot fail to be felt by their debtors, who
must pay up as fast as the banks are obliged to con-
tract by the maturing of their interest-bearing re-
serve. The following extract from a letter from the
president of the First National Bank at New York,
whose experience in currency and banking gives his
opinions great weight, is entitled to the consideration
of Congress:
'"I wish to enter my protest to the Honorable Mr.
Hoopek and others against amending the national
bank law so that the banks cannot count in their
reserve money their compound-interest notes. "When
they are due and payable they should not becounted
as money; butto compel the banks to substitute gold
orgreenbaeks for the compounds they hold any faster
than they fall due will surely cause a severe revulsion
in the money market, and the Government itself will
not be among the minor sufferers. The banks will
necessarily violate the law as regards their reserve,
or fail, many of them, outright.'"
Mr. BUNDY. I would before I got through,
if I had not forgotten it, have referred to that
feature of the bill known as Mr. Hooper's bill.
Permit me to say, in passing, that I have no
sympathy with banks or bankers who are ap-
prehensive of any such state of things. It is
their business to provide against any such con-
tingencies. I was going on to say—and I am
sorry that I have no moorings to which I can
fasten for the purpose of making my speech,
if yon can call it such, connected—I was going
on to say that the legitimate effect of the pro-
cesses now in operation, inaugurated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and seconded, I am
sorry to say, by the Congress of the United
States, is to bring us down to the circulation*
of the national banks without any authority for
the increase of that circulation, to wit, to $292,-
000,000, or less than we had during the terrible
times of 18G0 and 18G1. I say that that state
of things is inevitable. Inevitable, why? Why,
because, as I before remarked, this excess
which the Government derives from its sources
of revenue is applied, not to the extinguish-
ment of the interest-bearing bonds of the Gov-
ernment, but to the extinguishment of the non-
interest-bearing bonds to a great extent. Why
retire the non-interest-bearing notes? What
reason is there for that? Pour hundred mil-
lions of them at six per cent, would produce
$21,000,000 a year, which, under a peace estab-
lishment, would have been considered a large
source of revenue for the purpose of carrying
on the Government and paying its ordinary
expenses ; and yet it is proposed to retire all
that class of public indebtedness, not as rap-
idly as the Secretary of the Treasury asks, I
admit, but as rapidly as ho may do it under
the law.
Does that look like a good financial policy?
Why was it inaugurated? Why is it insisted
on with such pertinacity on the part of the bead
of the exchequer? Why, sir, without attribut-
ing any selfish motives in the matter, without
supposing for a moment that he had any aspi-
ration for the future with regard to himself, it
would be a very pleasant thing for him to have
it said in history that during his administration
of the financial affairs of the country he had
become its greatest financier. His object is
to enforce the resumption of specie payments.
Who wants the resumption of specie payments ?
Several Members/ We do.
Mr. BUNDY. We do, but we want it inaway
that will not destroy the great industrial inter-
ests of the country. I undertake to say that
if this matter is left to natural causes specie
payments will resume themselves without any
spasmodic action on the part of the Secretary
or of'Congress.
How can we resume specie payment now?
What is specie payment? What is specie?
It is nothing more or less than the representa-
tive of the values of the products of the country.
It has no intrinsic worth; it is the medium of
exchange. Exchange of what ? Exchange of
that which is substantial, and which is of in-
trinsic worth. And how can we resume specie
payment without those products? Just wait;
'' make haste slowly'' in this matter, and the pro-
ductive industries of the country will become
such as will create a basis upon which your
specie can rest, and when specie payment is
resumed, as the consequence of natural causes,
it will be worth something. If you attempt it
before, as I have said, the action will be spas-
modic and worthless, and not only worthless,
but destructive to every material interest of this
country. Who wants specie payment, and for
what? Why, upon the theory I first mentioned,
that because of the fact that gold is above the
face of our paper currency, the denomination
of the currency, and therefore the prices of the
living of those men who have salaries are
enhanced, and the prices of the living of non-
producers are enhanced. That is one view of
it. I know that it is right for persons who have
salaries even to live as cheaply as they possi-
bly can; but I take it that they have no right
to demand cheap living at our hands, even if
their theory is true at all, at the expense of the
whole productive interests of the country.
Who else wants resumption of specie pay-
ment? Why, sir, the holders of the bonds of
the country, and their name is legion, whether
foreign or domestic. Those men who have
bought our bonds when gold was 280 would
regard it as a God-send to-day if by the action
of the Secretary, of the Treasury and of this
Congress, the thirty-three cents of their gold
should become a dollar in their hands. Why,
sir, Aladdin's lamp would be utterly worthless in
comparison with it. They are interested in this
matter. Where are the bondholders thus inter-
ested ? There are across the waters a part of
the bondholders, and I am very glad of it,
very glad of it in one view. It would be a
grand financial triumph of the Secretary of the
Treasury, aided by the Congress of the United
States, if by possibility the fifty cents in gold
which, in the day of our distress they brought
over here and invested in our bonds, should
■become a dollar in gold.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. BUNDY. I will.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question right at this point. Does he
think this nation is under any moral obligation,
I do not say any legal obligation, to meet these
outstanding bonds-in coin, or does the gentle-
man think they may justly and righteously be
discharged by the payment of Treasury notes or
greenbacks ?
Mr. BUNDY. If I understand that to be
the sentiment of the gentleman then I agree
with him. Those bonds were bought by these
men when gold was at least one hundred per
cent, premium. And I say it is npt the busi-
ness of Congress, it is not the business of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in order to put
money into the pockets of these men, to so
shape the finances of this country as that they
shall make a dollar out of their fifty cents
within a 'very short time, say within a year or
two.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a momeut?
Mr. BUNDY. Oh, yes, sir.
