1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
understand if we' pass this we are better by
$50,000,000 than if we reject it.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. ROSS. Let the gentleman also tell us
whether one committee of conference has not
surrendered.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman
from New York. He asks whether the report
of the committee of conference is not $50,000,-
000 worse than the bill passed by the House,
and $50,000,000 better than nothing at all.
That is pretty nearly true, but not entirely so.
It is $50,000,000 better than nothing, but not
$50,000,000 worse than the bill passed by the
House, for the reason that the Secretary of the
Treasury may take up tha compound-interest
notes with the money he has now on hand. I
yield now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who is a member of the conference committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I have risen to state ex-
actly the condition of the compromise, not to
argue it, as I did not sign the report. Our bill
provided for redeeming $100,000,000 of com-
pound-interest notes by issuing non-interest-
bearing notes to that amount to take their
place. The Senate provided three per cent,
scrip instead of legal-tender notes, and they
were to be held as reserve by the bank. The
committee of conference have not adopted the
principle of the House, but have surrendered
it so far as to agree to one half of the amount,
not one half of the principle of the Senate,
but the one half of the sum. I now call the
previous question.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that he was directed to communicate to it
Senate bill No. 453, concerning the tenure of
certain civil offices, with the message of the
President returning the same with his objec-
tions, and the proceedings of the Senate
thereon.
COMPOUND-INTEREST NOTES—AGAIN.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LYNCH moved to lay the report of the
committee of conference on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 83, not vot-
ing 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Belos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer,
Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Cooper, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot. Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Hart. Hen-
derson, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell. Hulburd, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Jenckes, Kasson, Ketcham, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Newell, Nicholson, Patterson,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Raymond, Alexander
H. Riee, John H. Rioe, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stokes. Tabcr, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, Williams, ana Winfield—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley. Baker, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy,Reader W.Clarke,Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Daw-
son, ^Defrees, Delano, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridee, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Grin-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Hise, James R. Hnbbell, Ingersoll,
Jones, Julian, Kolley, Kerr, Koontz, Kuykcndall,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Lynch,
Marshall, Marston, Maynard, McCiurg, McKee,
Moulton, Myers, Niblaok, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, William H. Randall, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stillwoll, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer. Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
nam, Henry D. Washburn, Wolker. Whaley, James
F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley. Blow. Culver, Deni-
son, Driggs, Aaron Harding, Demas Hubbard, Kelso,
Latham, Longyear, Marquette, McCullough, Mcln-
doe, Phelps, Plants, Samuel J. Randall, Rousseau,
Strouse, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Robert T.
Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Wuhburne,
Woodbridgo, and Wright—25.
There being a tie,
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the
report of the committee of conference; and
also to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. THAYER. On the latter motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then he cannot make it.
Mr. ROGERS. I voted with the majority
and I make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I move to lay
the motion on the table.
Mr. THAYER. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 82, not voting
37 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Baldwin,
Banks, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Brandegee, Broom-
all, Campbell, Chanler, Conkling, Cooper, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hart,
Henderson, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ches-
ter D.Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Jones, Kasson, Ketcham, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur,Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Newell, Nicholson, Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Taber, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, Williams, and Winfield—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, J ames M. Ashley, Baker, Barker, Beaman,
Bingham. Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Dawson, Delano, Deming, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Finek, Grin-
nell, Aaron Harding. Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hise, James R. Hubbell, Inger-
soll, Julian, Kelley,Kelso,Koontz,Kuykendall, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Lynch,
Marquette, Marston, Maynard, McCiurg, McKee,
Moulton, Myers, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, WilliamH. Randall, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Na-
thaniel G.Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble. Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam. Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baxter, Benjamin. Blow,
Boyer, Culvor, Defrees, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demaa Hubbard, Hul-
burd. Hunter, Kerr, Latham, Longyear, Marshall,
McCullough, Mclndoe, Morris, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rousseau, Stil-
well. Stokes, Strouse, Nelson Taylor, John L.Thomas,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Elihu B.
Wasliburne, Woodbridgo, and Wright—37.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
During the call of the yeas and nays, the hour
of half past four having arrived, the House took
a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the papers in the case of
Mary N. Stickney, heir of John Burrett, were
withdrawn from the files of the House.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, the appli-
cation of the owners of the bark Thermites,
the schooner Widderlite, and the schooner
Etowah for registers were withdrawn from the
files of the House.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, the papers in the
case of the owners of the bark Ange Gardien,
were withdrawn from the files of the House.
On motion of Mr. VAN AERNAM, the
papers in the case of William G. Ingraham
were withdrawn from the files of the House.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. RICE, by unanimous eon-
sent, the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1176) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1868, were taken from the Speaker'stable and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending
question before the House was on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House this
afternoon agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the bill in relation to com-
pound-interest notes.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. As the House is not yet
full, if there is no objection, I move to take up
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 1173, making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes.
No objection being made the amendments of
the Senate were taken up from the Speaker's
table and considered.
Sundry verbal amendments were concurred
in or non-concurred in upon the recommenda-
tion of the committee; other amendments were
acted upon as follows:
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert:
For a new light-house at Punta Arenas, California,
$64,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert:
For a new light-house at Cape Blanco, Oregon,
$75,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert:
For purchase of a site and erection of a building
for custom-house and post office at Machias, Maine,
820,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert:
For custom-house and post office at Astoria, Oregon,
$25,000: Provided, That vessels may load and unload
at the city of Portland, in said State, nnder such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of tho
Treasury.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-confurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Insert:
For construction of a new greenhouse, with oen-
tral dome and a wing to correspond in site with the
present greenhouse in the Botanic Garden, to be
built of iron and glass, according to a plan prepared
by tho architect of the Capitol extension, and ap-
proved by the joint Committee on the Library, $35,000,
the same to bo expended under the direction of the
joint Committee of the Library of Congress.
The committee recommend concurrence.
On concurring in the amendment no quorum
voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ashmt,
of Ohio, and Ward, of New York, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 50.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Insert:
To enable the Commissioner of Agriculture to ereet
a Department of Agriculture on reservation No. 2,
in the city of Washington, accordingto the plan pro-
posed by him, to be constructed under the general
supervision of law relative to construction of publio
buildings, $100,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. DELANO. I understand this is an
appropriation introduced by the Senate for
the purpose of erecting a building for the Agri-
cultural Department. The importance of the
interest which is represented by this Depart*
ment demands our fostering care and attention,
although I am not, as I think I do not intend
to be, prodigal of the public funds, yet I believe
this appropriation is demanded. I hope ere
long that the time will come when this Govern-
ment will have a department of industry whea
this agricultural bureau will become oue of the
