1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
bureaus of that department, and I think this is
a proper time to commence this work.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whether
this contemplates the beginning of another
large public building or whether it is merely
laving the corner-stone ?
'Mr. FJRNSWORTH. It is only for a sur-
vey of the ground. [Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. I do not understand thatit
contemplates a large public building, but one
that will accommodate the necessities of this
Department. It has now no building and no
place commensurate with its wants and neces-
sities, and unless we intend to do as the Gov-
ernment has heretofore done, ignore the agri-
cultural interest of the country, I hope we shall
vote for this appropriation.
Mr. M AYN ARD. I do not propose to argue
this question. It contemplates, as I under-
stand, the erection of another public building.
I think it is hardly a suitable time, at this period
of the session, to enter upon such a work, and
that we had better postpone it till the next
Congress, when it can be considered more ma-
turely. It is a work not for a few years, but
for the far distant future of this grea,t capital
of the nation.
Mr. BIDWELL. I hope the House will
concur in this amendment. It is certainly
necessary, if there is to be a Department of
Agriculture, to have some building in which to
transact the business of that Department. The
present accommodations are wholly nnsuited
for the wants of the bureau. I believe that
$100,000 laid out according to the plan pro-
posed, which I have seen, will make a build-
ing that will answer for a number of years for
the Department. Unless you begin now to do
something to answer the agricultural wants of
the country they will outgrow the means pro-
vided by Congress. It seems to me that of all
the Departments of the Government none de-
serves greater encouragement than that of agri-
culture. I am looking forward to the time
when that will be one of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government. Do gentlemen say
that the great agricultural interest of this coun-
try ought not to be represented in the Cabinet?
If so what interest ought to be there repre-
sented? I hope the House will concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot at this late hour
afford to talk. I move the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, there were—ayes 30, noes 69.
Mr. BIDJVELL. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeae and nays were refused.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for tellers on con-
curring m the amendment.
Tellers were ordered: and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Ancona and Eliot.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the appro-
priation of $35,000 for the erection of a Gov-
ernment greenhouse. I think the amendment
was not understood. Some gentlemen thought
ft?r repairs of the greenhouse and the
n hite House, others that it was for some other
purpose.
I move to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only want a vote by
division or tellers.
I with draw it^ understanding
The question being put, there were—ayes 53,
noes 62. ' '
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call the yeas
«and yeas.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were 
ayes sixteen.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I eall for tel-
lers. I dislike to consume the time, but I hero#
shall tote this down.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Scofield and Stevens.
The House divided; and the tellers repprted
! —ayes 54, noes 68.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
j Forty-third amendment:
i On patte 21, after line seventeen, insert the follow-
, ing additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the office
; of Commissioner of Public Buildings is hereby abol-
ished; and it shall be the duty of the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint a competent civil engineer, whose compen-
sation shall be $4,000 per annum, who shall perform
all the duties now required by law of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, and who shall also have
the superintendence of the Washington aqueduct and
of all public works and improvements of tne Govern-
ment of the United States in the District of Columbia,
unless otherwise provided by law; and the President
protemporeoftheSenateandtheSpeaker oftheHouse
of Representatives shall hereafter appoint the mem-
bers of the Capitol police.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment:
On page 23, line three, after " number" insert
"now allowed by law."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
On page 23, line three, after "number" strike out
all to "in" on line five.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
4 On page 23, line fourteen, after " exceeding" insert
" two dollars per page for the ittblication of treaties
and laws, and not exceeding."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-math amendment:
On page 28, line fifteen, after "space1' insert "for
the publication of advertisements."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
On page 24, after line three, insert:
Provided, That the rates fixed in this Section to
be paid for the publication of the treaties and laws
of theUnited States in the States therein designated,
shall also be paid for the same publication in all the
States not designated in this section.
The committeerecommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-third amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following n ew section:
Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to
such persons as were actually employed as assistant
assessors in the collection of internal revenue in the
rebel States prior to the 1st day of August, 1866, com-
pensation at the rate prescribed by law; and an
amount sufficient for Unit purpose is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury, not other-
wise appropriated.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles j when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 793) to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 859) to declare valid and
conclusive certain proclamations of the Presi-
dent, and acts done in pursuance thereof, or of
his orders, in the suppression of the late rebel-
lion against the United States ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and settle
the accounts of John Sedgwick, collector of
internal revenue for the third collection dis-
trict of California.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the miscel-
laneous appropriation bilL
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Add the following new section:
, And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
te* of the Treasury u hereby authorized to sell at
public auction the following —
the United States, namely: thel>uilding and grounds
known as the old custom-house at Alexandria, Vir-
ginia; the building and grounds known as the old
custom-house at New Haven, Connecticut; the build-
ing and grounds known as the old custom-house at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; the parcel of ground
known as the old custom-house lot at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia; the parccl or lot of ground purchased in the
city of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, for the ercction of
a custom-house, and the custom-house and grounds
afe Sackett's Harbor, New York; and is hereby
authorized to make,execute, and deliver the needful
conveyances to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suppose if the question
is raised in regard to that not being germane
to this bill, it would perhaps be' stricken out.
The SPEAKER. Points of order cannot
be made on amendments made by the Senate
in accordance with their rules.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand that this is
an amendment reported from the Committee
On Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. This is a Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Stevens] what is the reason for this
appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. This amendment origi-
nated with the Senate, and notin our committee.
It is now held by the authorities, I understand,
that this property is no longer necessary for
the purposes of the Government.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Add the following new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be directed to procure an exam-
ination to be made of the condition of the publio
buildings in the Territory of New Mexico, and report
to the next Congress an estimate of what amount is
necessary to complete the same.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That all advertisements,
notices, and proposals for contracts for all the Ex-
ecutive Departments of the Government and the laws
passed by Congress, and executive proclamations
and treaties, shall hereafter be advertised by publi-
cation in the two daily papers published in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, now selected under the act of the
first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, making
appropriation for the service of the Post Office De-
partment duringthe fiscal year ending the30th June,
1867, and for other purposes, until othsrwise ordered
by Congress, and in no other District of Columbia
papers: Provided, That the charges for such publi-
cations shall not be higher than such as are paid by
individuals for advertising in said papers: And pro-
vided alto. That the same publications shall be made
in each of said papers equally as to frequency.
The committee recommend concurrence,
with an amendment, adding the following:
Provided, That whenever any of the Executive
Departments shall order any printing of any kind
which cannot be done at the Public Printing Office,
the Clerk of the House and the Secretary of the Sen-
ate shall name the printing office at which it shall be
executed; and the rates therefor shall not exceed
such as are paid by individuals for advertising in
said papers.
MBSSAGB rROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fob-
net, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, joint resolu-
tions and bills of the following titles :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) for the
relief of James J. Hudnall;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
relief of Almansor Eaton, receiver of publio
money for the Land Office at Stevens' Point,
Wisconsin;
An act (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of
Norman J. Hall;
An act (H. R. No. 1168) for the relief of
Mrs. Elizabeth F. Chipman, widow of Major
Charles Chipman, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of
Henry Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa;
An act (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of
Hugh Leddy; and
An act (H. R. No. 966) for the relief of
Ernest F. Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. 1095) to
