1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
dollars of gold on hand. Prom the statement
laid upon our table, it is impossible to meet the
eompound-interest notes whieli are maturing
from May until December to the amount of
$140,000,000 unless either we issue green-
backs, which the Senator does not advocate,
and which, I suppose, no one would advocate,
or unless you issue five-twenty bonds and sell
them, or unless you issue some other form of
security or resort to some other mode of
raising money. I will not anticipate the dis-
cussion of the proposition that may come from
the Committee on Finance on that point. I
only make these remarks to prevent what I
conserved an erroneous impression in regard
to the present condition of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to state
to my friend that he misapprehended my re-
mark. I was aware of the power of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but there is no power
to compel the holders of the compound-inter-
est notes to bring them in for redemption.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They may hold them
to the end. What I said was, when they be-
came payable and wore presented they could
be paid, but the holder is not obliged to pre-
sent them before.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury can go into the open market and buy them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to pro-
long this discussion, but I think the statement
made by the Senator from Ohio may have the
same effect which he supposed some remarks
I made might have; that is, to mislead the
public. He says, and truly says, that it is ne-
cessary to have on hand a considerable amount
of money ; he thinks an amount equal to one
month's revenue and disbursement, which he
estimates, 1 believe, at about thirty millions.
Why is it necessary to have a fund on hand ?
It is to meet outstanding indebtedness. If
there is no indebtedness to come, there is no
necessity to have this fund on hand; and this_
statement shows that we have $45,000,000 of
currency on hand; and it showsalso, as the
Senator truly says, that there is an indebtedness
which has matured equal to some $15,000,000.
The reason we have to have a large surplus on
hand is to meet contingencies of that kind, but
this shows an amount 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
the debt matured to the amount of $15,791 ,000,
not presented for payment, is debt that maybe
called for at any moment. Perhaps drafts are
out now which have passed all the accounting
officers and may be at any moment presented
to the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I stated, and that
will be the case at the end of the next month,
and the end of the next month after that; and
so on. It will always be so that there will be
checks drawn which will not be presented at
the moment the statement is made up. I sup-
pose that is always so. Now, let me ask the
Senator from Ohio whether that is not the
very reason why it is necessary to have a sur-
plus to some extent all the time to meet just
that class of cases?
Mr. SHERMAN. In cases of sudden panic
these balances are at one reduced. 1 have no
doubt that an exact statement would show that
duiing the recent trouble in New York all
those outstanding drafts, &c., which were avail-
able were presented and paid. The Senator
is aware probably a voucher or draft on the
Treasury is held by an individual in the form
of a convenient deposit. It may be held for a
month or two months, but the moment money
is greatly in demand all those things are thrown
upon the Treasury Department and demanded
at once just like the deposits of a bank.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I understand. We
are perfectly agreed about that. They will be
presented when there is a panic, and hence the
necessity of having a fund on hand to meet
them when they come in in that way, and we
have got $45,000,000 just for that purpose. It
is $45,000,000, then, shown to be on band, and
when you have brought in every cent that has
been drawn on the Treasury you have got
nearly thirty million dollars left that there can
be no demand upon. The reason we have to
have a fund is to meet that class of cases ; so
that the statement, as I think, that the Senator
makes, that we really must have a fund of
$29,000,000 on hand when we do not owe any-
thing and there is no liability whatever, I think
is not correct. I think that is calculated to
mislead. But the reason we must have a sur-
plus on hand is to meet the very state of things
which he says, and we have got that surplus of
$45,000,000. Of course if there can be no
indebtedness come the Senator from Ohio does
not want to hold $29,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated
that fifteen or sixteen millions of this balance
is already held not subject to draft because it
is already drawn against. The balance of
thirty millions is held always to draw against.
Let me take the case that is actually occurring
this day. The payments of the Treasury now
are largely in excess of the receipts. That is
shown by comparison of the two statements.
Why? Simply because now they are meeting
extraordinary demands made upon the Treas-
ury Department, and the receipts have fallen
off; so that, in the present state of affairs, in
'two or three months this balance would all be
gone. Why? The receipts, as you see by the
daily papers, of internal revenue have fallen
off, and probably will not increase again until
the income tax comes in. Then there are
extraordinary demands made by payment of
bounties, by the expenditures of Congress, by
the civil list, and by many other causes. Thus
this balance is fluctuating backward and for-
ward; but by the ordinary operation of the
Treasury Department the balance will disap-
pear in two or three months, simply because
at certain seasons of the year there are greater
demands than receipts, and it would be an
idle thing for the Treasury of the United States
always to run so dose that it could not pay its
ordinary expenditures, that it must borrow
money in order to meet ordinary expendi-
ture. It must have a working balance, as
bankers call it, sufficient at least, according to
the usual estimate, to one month's expendi-
ture. That has been shown by the custom of
the Department and the habit of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the Sen-
ator, there must be a working balance; but
what I insist is, that $45,000,000 is not neces-
sary, and I insist that the statement shows that
much to be there, and that the object of that
balance is to meet these outstanding obliga-
tions, that may come in at any moment; and
if there were no outstanding obligations and
could not bo any, then you would not want
any balance at all. The very object of this
balance is to meet just that state of things.
Now, as to the gold: no contingency of this
kind arises as to the gold. You know exactly
how much gold you have got to pay out and
when you have got to pay it. Y~ou know that
precisely. There can be no extraordinary
demand on your gold deposit. Why then keep
in your Treasury, as I stated it, $07,000,000,
or as the Senator has it, by subtracting nine-
teen or twenty million dollars that is on de-
posit, some seventy-seven or seventy-eight mil-
lion dollars? You know exactly how much
gold you have got to pay; but the Senator
says you must keep on hand all the time at
least half the amount of gold you have got to
pay out in a year, when you know exactly
what it is. I cannot give my consent to any
such proposition as that. You have got in
your Treasury to-day more gold than can be
called for in the next nine months, I do not
know but twelve; certainly more than there
can be any call for in nine months.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken, he does not wish to deceive. _ There
are $77,000,000 on hand, according to this state-
ment. Then there are $15,11 9,000 of maturing
bonds that will mature this year, most of them,
or early next vear. That is within the year.
Then, beside that, the annual amount of gold
required to pay the interest on the public debt
is now something like $90,000,000, and will be
as soon as the seven-thirties are funded,
$131,000,000. I showed that the other day.
Then there are the foreign expenditures of the
Government which are paid in gold, and money
to fulfill treaty stipulations and other things
paid in gold, which must be provided for out
of this fund. The whole sum, including the
maturing debt, that will be required in gold for
one year from this date will not be less than
$155,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not gone into
the statement of which the Senator speaks, of
the amount required for the year. I spoke of
what was required for nine months, and said
that I thought we had more gold on hand now
than would be required for the next nine
months. The Senator meets that by saying
we shall require $155,000,000 for the next
year. I looked over the Senator's remarks
the other day casually, not as carefully as I
ought to have done, and I thought he estimated
the amount required for the next year at
$140,000,000. Am I mistaken?
Mr. SHERMAN. Without counting the
$15,000,000 of maturing bonds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that not embraced in
that statement?
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that that amount
would have to be paid out of the balance on
hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not give my assent
to any such statement, that it is necessary to
have on hand one half the amount of interest
that we shall owe during the year. We did
not do that in olden times, when we owed a
debt formerly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to make an
inquiry of the Senator. He is now discussing
a question of a good deal of interest to the
country, and one upon which I have bestowed
some thought. I should like to have the ben-
efit of his investigations upon it. It seems that
there has accumulated in the Treasury, accord-
ing to his statement, $97,000,000, according
to the statement of the Senator from Ohio
$77,000,000 of gold. What does he propose
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall do with
that accumulation? 1 think it is too large.
Now, what does the Senator from Illinois say
that under existing laws the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to do with that precise sum of
money?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a question that
I have not yet bestowed sufficient attention
upon to answer satisfactorily to myself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I regret that I
asked the question. Inasmuch as the Senator
felt himself authorized now for two hours to
criticise the Secretary of the Treasury in regard
to the management of the money on hand, I
thought of course he would relieve my judg-
ment of the embarrassment under which 1 have
been laboring.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iam sorry that the Sen-
ator from Indiana has so imperfectly under-
stood me as to say, and repeat in the Senate
what I believe has been stated by some,before,
that I have been assailing the Secretary of the
Treasury. I call upon the Senator from Indi-
ana to repeat one word I have said censuring
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate was con-
sidering the question whether we should give
to the Secretary of the Treasury the discre-
tionary disposal of $50,000 in the payment of
clerk hire. While we were considering that
question the Senator felt it to be his duty, in
very emphatic terms, to call the attention of the
Senate and of the country to the fact that there
was an accumulation of money in the Treasury
dangerous to the liberty of the people, $97,-
000,000 of which was in gold and $45,000,000
in paper : and he went so far as to estimate the
gold in the paper currency and to make it m
all about one hundred and seventy million dol-
lars, which he said had accumulated in the
rPreiisury. Nowj 1 want to know of the Sens.*
tor for what purpose he introduced that argu-
ment before the Senate? The Senate was
