1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The process of the reduction of the currency
is not rapid enough to suit these gentlemen
it is too tardy. They propose, therefore, by this
amendment to make it unlawful for the banks
to retain compound-interest notes as a reserve,
and compel tnem to substitute the legal-tender
now circulating among the people. They pro-
pose, "at one fellswoop;" by this amendment
to take all the compound-interest notes out of
the vaults of the banks, and compel them to
put in their place legal-terrders or non-interest-
bearing notes.
Now, -Mr.-Speaker, I'said a while ago that
there were two parties to this controversy; two
interests involved. It is a fine thing for us to
talk boldly and eloquently about " the rights of
man;" it is something for us to say when we go
home, that during the present session of this
Congress we enfranchised a portion of a race
that has been disfranchised from time immemo-
rial; it is something for us to say that we have,
asfar as we were able by o(tr voices and our votes,
attempted to do justice to every member of the
human family; but, Mr. Speaker, while we are
doing that, while this interest seems to over-
slaugh all others, it must be recollected that
back there in the States there are a few white
men left, whose interests must be consulted by
the Administration and by Congress. They
have said in thunder tones to us, "These things
ye ought to have done and the same distant
and potential voice will also peal forth, " and
not to have left the others undone." If we
do not now, we will be compelled to hear, and
our successors to heed, the latter injunction.
For my part, I am disposed to hear and obey
that injunction now. It will not do for you to
say to these men whom you called into the
service, a million and a quarter strong, men
from the free States who endured the hardships
imposed upon them by the Government to put
down the rebellion, that, after they did as they
had done, nobly, you, by your action on this
great question of finances, have so crippledthe
industrial interests of the country as to turn
them out of employment, or to leave them and
their families to starve.
I know some gentlemen talk as though they
could compel men who have money to operate
with it. No such thing can be done. Capital,
as has been said here repeatedly, is always
timid. The manufacturers, who give employ-
ment to these men, will do just as their inter-
ests indicate they should do, in order to save
that capital and enhance it. And therefore it
is not surprising at all that, amid the terrible
uncertainty that now seems to hang over this
whole question of finance, we find that fifteen
thousand artisans, mechanics, and day laborers
are idle in the city of New York, looking in
vain for the means of procuring subsistence.
Why, sir, we not only owe to all conditions of
men the boon of personal freedom, but we owe
to them access to the means for their living.
And here let me say that there is another
thing that will come up in the hereafter, blink it
as you may, frown it down in these Halls as you
can. Having provided by law that one sixth of
all your taxable property, held by all the people
of this country, shall, for all time to come, be
exempt from taxation, if you turn these men
out of employment, who provide the means by
which the value of and interest upon that prop-
erty is kept up, they will say, if they are thus
treated by their Government, why should they
hereafter labor and toil to keep in power a
party in the country who will continue to ex-
empt that property from taxation, while its
action destroys the means to their prosperity ? I
hope the day may never corae in the history
of our country when the thought of repudia-
tion will tarnish its fair fame. But I will tell
gentlemen they may so act, they may so con-
duct public affairs, as to precipitate such an
event. It will do the soldier no good; it will
furnish him no reasons why he should continue
his support of a party that, on these great ab-
stract rights, obeyed the behests of justice and
the dictates of an enlightened conscience, when
at the same time it fails to secure to him and
his family the means to exist. This, indeed,
would be a sublime history and grand example
for the instruction and admiration of the world.
The soldier has been honorably discharged from
the conflicts of the ensanguined field; he has
now returned, if not to the more terrible, yet
more protracted battle of life. It is true, we
have a free country; but with freedom I want
to carry blessings to all its people. The man-
ufacturers will not, cannot, employ these men.
The agriculturist cannot do it. The capitalist
will not invest his money in any enterprises,
without reasonable prospects of fair profits
upon the investment. They will prefer invest-
ment in the untaxed bonds of the Government.
There is another view of this subject which
may be important in this connection, and which
is intimately connected with this question of
labor, or the employment of labor.
Before the war, when our currency was in
round numbers $300,000,000, the manufactur-
ers as a class, and even the agriculturists, were
so much in debt that they were obliged to con-
tinue in operation their business regardless
of the results of their operations as to profits.
The manufacturers were compelled to keep
their establishments in operation even at a
yearly loss, so that, by the sale of their products,
their existing indebtedness could be carried
over from year to year; and they were also
stimulated by the hope that each successive
year's operations might show a better balance-
sheet at the end thereof.
The farmers as a class were embarrassed by
reason of investments made for improvements
upon their farms or for additions purchased
thereto, so that it may be said, without any dis-
paragement of the farmers as a class, that their
farms were shingled over with mortgages to
secure the payment of liabilities incurred as
above suggested. They too were compelled
to cultivate their farms, furnishing employment
to labor, so that by the sale of each year's prod-
ucts they were enabled to pay the accruing
interest on their liabilities and also carry over
or change their maturing liabilities by making
new loans.
But, Mr. Speaker, that state of things no
longer exists. The manufacturers and farmers
are comparatively if not entirely relieved from
debt, and the only thing for them now to decide
in the consideration of the question of prose-
cuting their business is, whether it will be profit-
able to operate or not. The farmer will be con-
tented with simply producing enough to subsist
himself and family, unless, indeed, he has as-
surance that he will receive such prices for the
surplus that he will be paid for his labors. The
same remark will apply to the manufacturers.
So that the question of the employment of labor
will not, as heretofore, be governed by the
necessities of the employers thereof, but by
the prospects of their business.
Now, Mr. Speaker, is it not easy to see that
if by our action here the financial affairs of the
country shall be so distracted and disturbed as
to unsettle or embarrass our producing enter-
prises, and that supplies shall be cut short by
reason thereof, that the prices of produce and
everything that our people consume will be
enhanced thereby ? The fact of a reduced cur-
rency or resumption of specie payment would
not have much influence in the premises.
And, sir, if we reduce our currency below
the absolute requirements of the country, in
order to the successful prosecution of all classes
of enterprises, how are you to command the
means to pay the accruing interest on your
public debt ? From what source will you derive
internal revenue? Whence will be derived your
surplus that looks to the creation of a " sinking
fund," or the direct reduction or extinguish-
ment of your public debt ? Do you expect that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue will be
able to report the receipt annually of more than
$300,000,000 from this source alone? And
how is the labor of the country to be employed
with reference to the interest, if not to the very
existence, of the laborer? I confess I do not
see how these questions can receive satisfactory-
answers if the line of policy inaugurated by the
Secretary is to be pursued indefinitely.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I
intended to say, and much more. Having no
notes, and keeping no account of what I did say,
owing to the repeated interruptions to which I
have been subjected, it will not be strange if
these remarks are somewhat incoherent and
disconnected. It is said that the books fur-
nish the theories that guide the exchequer of
the country, and in the main they furnish the
arguments, too, of the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House. But what are books
with us? What are theories with us? In our
practices we scout them all. Diverging a little
from the main topic and in order to illustrate
the individuality and independence of our
people as to the modes of thought and action,
I beg to refer to the following little incident
of the war: In the State of Tennessee, the
home of my friend on the right, [Mr. May-
ward,] a young man, a soldier of the Union
Army, made application for a furlough to go
home. Being denied by all his immediate
superior officers, nothing daunted he resolved
to seek the headquarters of the general com-
manding the department, General Thomas.
He readily obtained access to the good-na
tured, sedate, and brave man, who inquired
the object of his visit. He said, " General,
I want to go home." " What do you want to
go home for?" said the General. "To see
my wife," replied the soldier. "How long
has it been since you have seen her?" in-
quired the General. "Three months," re-
sponded the soldier. " That's nothing," said
the General, "I have not seen my wife for
three years." "Ah, General,"' said the sol
dier, " my wife and me are not that kind of
folks, Iwantyoutounderstand." The General
surrendered; the soldier received his furlough.
[Great laughter.] Think of such a dialogue
and repartee with the results between a great
general and the common soldier of any other
country but ours. Why do you attempt to draw
instructions from the theories or even the prac-
tices of the old countries, or any country whose
conditions are not like ours? What did Adam
Smith know about greenbacks ? Why should
we attempt to adopt theories or follow exam-
ples furnished us by monarchies and despot-
isms, even in regard to the great subject of
the reconstruction of the States lately in rebel-
lion ?
They are all in the same category. They can
furnish us no rule, because, Mr. Speaker, when-
ever two kings go to war, they fight until a suffi-
cient number oftheir subjects have been killed to
sate their ambition, and then all that is neces-
sary to bring about peace is that the two kings
or the two dynasties should make up their quar-
rel. But here it so happens that every one of
our people is a sovereign; and I claim, sir, that
the humble soldier-boy has as much right to
dictate the terms upon which he will reaffiliate
with the rebel who tried to kill him as the man
in the White House at the other end of the
avenue. My only boy, who is dying by inches
from the effects of a wound received by a rebel
shell, has as much right to say upon what terms
those men shall come in here by my side and
vote me down as the President of the United
States. He stood for me, sir, in the time of my
own and my country's peril, and by the blessing
of God I will now stand in " my lot" here or
elsewhere for him and his brave compatriots
until I die.
Why, sir, look at the recent war in Europe
between Austria and Prussia. It was a very
short war; and when the war was over every-
thing apparently was very speedily "fixed up."
Why? Because there was nobody to fix it up
but the dynasties interested. A great many of
us wondered why it was that the Prussians
gained so many advantages over the Austrians.
We never understood it until we learned the
fact that Bcnedek had George B. McClellan on
his staff. Then the whole mystery was explained.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say in conclu-
sion that I hope we shall right here " call a
halt." There is no necessity for a financial
crisis in this country. Let our people alone ;
let them go on with their respective branches
