1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
a certain draft to W. W. Potter, late military
agent of the State of New York, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire oT the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
what two papers the amendment refers to as
haying been selected under the act of last
session for the publication of these advertise-
ments?
Mr. STEVENS. The two .papers having
the largest circulation have been the Star and
the Chronicle. They are the papers which
have been selected.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, sir, I think it is an
extraordinary proposition that the heads of the
Executive Departments shall not be allowed to
control the little patronage that may grow out
of this matter of printing. I believe that this
is the first time in the history of any Adminis-
tration that the attempt has been made to de-
prive the executive officers of this Government
of the privilege of distributing their little pat-
ronage of this sort to whomsoever they may
feel inclined to give it. They are charged with
the execution of the laws in this respect; they
are charged with the making of these contracts;
they are held responsible to the country to
some extent for the enforcement of these laws i
and the proper making of these contracts; and .
as an incident to the exercise of their official ;
duties they ought certainly to be allowed the
poor privilege of designating; what particular
printing offices shall do the little work that is
necessary in the way of publication of notices,
&c.
We have a law, or at least a bill which we
have passed on this subject will very soon be
a law, preventing these executive officers from
being removed except with the consent of the
Senate. The Senate, therefore, is to have
under its charge the appointment of these
executive officers, or at least is to control
their appointment in this negative way. We
permit them to control the appointments to
office under them, to appoint whomsoever
they choose, and yet, as I nave already said,
they are to be denied the poor privilege of
saying who shall do their printing.
I understand no further amendment is in
order; but I would suggest to the chairman to
modify the last proviso so as to say that the
printing shall not be done in any paper in
which the Secretary of the Senate or the Clerk
of this House has an interest. The position
of those gentlemen would suggest this modifi-
cation. Delicacy on their part would seem to
demand it, although I do not understand this
House is much affected by delicacy on any
subject. One of them, at least, ought not to
be put in the position of selecting his own
paper in which these advertisements shall be
published, as his duty to his party might seem
to him to require. I think the whole thing is
extraordinary.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think the gentleman
who owns the Chronicle was never known to
have any kind of delicacy, and of course he
would decide for himself.
Mr. NIBLACK. It ia an innovation which
I for one cannot faVor. My object in rising
was to hear what the chairman, of the com-
mittee had to say. I was wjt present when
the proviso was adopted in committee.
Mr. STEVENS. In regard to advertise-
ments there is a law long since passed in con-
formity with this arrangement that these adver-
tisements should be published in the two papers
havi ng the largest circulation. That law is not j
altered at all.
While 1 am up I will ^ay there is an error
in transcribing; it should be "Government
Printing Office" instead of the "Public Brint-
ing Office."
The residue of the provision is for printing
blanks, not advertisements, as they are pro-
vided for by the law, but for the printing of
blanks, ordered largely by the Departments.
I will gay frankly to the gentleman it has been
found on inquiry, ever since the late rebellion,
in our party none of the Executive Depart-
ments have permitted a single blank to be
printed in a Republican office. They have
sent every blank in the last two years to the
Republican, an apostate paper in this town,
to the National Intelligencer, and to another
paper more legitimately the organ of the pres-
ent Administration, the Constitutional Union.
Every blank, without a single exception, has
been sent to this office ever since the time I
have spoken of. It is to control that, I confess,
this provision has been put into this bill. It
is a matter of strict justice to the large part of
the community represented in this House.
Before sitting down, as I cannot modify the
amendment of the committee, I move to strike
out "Secretary of the Senate." I now call
the previous question.
The amendments to the Senate amendment
were severally agreed to; and then the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Insert:
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws conflicting with the above provisions with
respect to the official advertising in the District of
Columbia be, and are hereby, repealed.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Add:
And hi it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War is authorized at his discretion to increase the
pay of the clerks at the United States armory at
Springfield. Massachusetts, to $1,200 per annum, in-
stead of $800, as now fixed by law.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted. That tho laws relating to
the Army, tho Navy, the Militia, and the Marine
corps of the United States be published officially in
the "United States Army and Navy Journal," at
such rates as are fixed by the Secretary of State for
publishing tho laws of the United States.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved that a committee of
conference be requested on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Stevens, .
Mr. Van Aernam, and Mr. Niblack as man-
agers of said conference on its part.
COMPOUND-IHTEREST NOTES.
The SPEAKER stated the question recurred
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House adopted the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the compound-interest
note bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Then th6 report stands
agreed to.
TENURE OF CITIL OPTICUS.
The SPEAKER laid b^Jpre the House the
following message of the Senate :
Is Senate, March 2, 1867.
The Presidentof tho United States having returned
to the Senate, in which it originated, bill entitled
"An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices."
with his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded in
pursuance to the Constitution to reconsider the same,
and resolved said bill pass, two thirds agreeing to
pass the same.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the following veto message of the President of
the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have carefully examined the bill to regu-
late the tenure of certain civil offices. The
material portion of the bill is contained in the
first section, and is of the effect following,
namely:
That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
becom* dttly qualified to act therein, ia and shall be
entitled to hold such (rfBce until a successor shall havo
been appointed by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and duly qualified: and that
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War of
tho Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, shall hold their offices
respectively lor and during the term of the President
by whom they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
These provisions are qualified by a reserva-
tion in the fourth section, "that nothing con-
tained in the bill shall be construed to extend
the term of any office the duration of which is
limited by law." In effect the bill provides
that the President shall not remove from their
places any of the civil officers whose terms of
service are not limited by law without the
advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States. The bill, in this respect, conflicts, in
my judgment, with the Constitution of the
United States. The question, as Congress is
well aware, is by no means a new one. That
the power of removal is constitutionally vested
in the President of the United States is a prin-
ciple which has been not more distinctly de-
clared by judicial authority and judicial com-
mentators than it has been uniformly practiced
upon by the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government. The question arose
in the House of Representatives so early as the
16th day of June, 1789, on tho bill for estab-
lishing an executive Department, denominated
"The Department of Foreign Affairs." The
first clause of the bill, after recapitulating the
functions of that officer and defining his duties,
had these words: ■' To be removable from
office by the President of the United States."
It was moved to strike out these words, and
the motion was sustained with great ability and
vigor. It was insisted that the President could
not constitutionally exercise the power of re-
moval exclusive of the Senate; that the Fed-
eralist so interpreted the Constitution when
arguing for its adoption by the several States;
that the Constitution had nowhere given the
President power of removal, either expressly
or by strong implication; but, on the contrary,
had distinctly provided for removals from office
by impeachment only. A construction which
denied the power of removal by the President
was further maintained by arguments drawn
from the danger of the abuse of the power :
from the supposed tendency of an exposure of
public officers to capricious removal, to impair
the efficiency of the civil service; from the
alleged injustice and hardship of displacing
incumbents, dependent upon their official sta-
tions, without sufficient consideration ; from a
supposed want of responsibility on the part of
the President, and from an imagined defect of
guarantees against a vicious President, who
might incline to abuse the power.
On the other hand, an exclusive power of
removal by the President was defended as a
true exposition of the text of the Constitution.
It was maintained that there are certain causes
for which persons ought to be removed from
office without being guilty of treason, bribery,
or malfeasanee, and that the nature of things
demands that it should be so. " Suppose." it
was said, "a man becomes insane by the visit-
ation of God, and is likely to ruin our affairs :
are the hands of Government to be confined
from warding off the evil? Suppose a person
in office not possessingthe talents he was judged
to have at the time of the appointment, is the
error not to be corrected : suppose he acquire
vicious habits and incurable indolence, or to-
tally neglect the duties of his office, which shall
work mischief to the public welfare, is there no
way to arrest the threatened danger ? Suppose
he become odious and unpopular by reason
of the measures he pursues, and this he may
do without committing any positive offend
against the law, must he preserve his office iu
despite of the popular will? Suppose him
grasping for his own aggrandizement and the
elevation of his connections by every means
short of the treason defined by the Constitution,
hurrying your affairs to the precipice of de-
struction, endangering your domestic tranquil-
lity, plundering yon of the means of defense,
