1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
is to have, to some extent, under his control dur-
ing the course of the year above $400,000,00*0.
If you had told the people a few years ago that
there ever was to pass through the Treasury in
the course of a year $400,000,000 they would
have been astonished. Perhaps persons of
more sensitive nerves than the Senator from
Illinois would have been frightened at the
prospect for the liberty of the country. But
we must have it; it must be collected; it
must be paid out; and we must trust some-
body.
Who is the responsible man? In some sense
the Secretary of the Treasury is a responsible
man; but, Mr. President, directly and person-
ally he does not control a dollar. The money
that is in the Treasury is in the custody of the
law. It comes there according to law, and is
to be paid out according to law. It is in the
custody of the agents of the Government ap-
pointed according to our will. Does the
Secretary hold the money? Does he have the
key of a single safe? Does he control the ex-
penditure of a dollar? Not one. He is more
powerless to-day over the money in the Treas-
ury than the Senator from Illinois. As a Sen-
ator, the Senator from Illinois can say, as far
as his voice and vote shall go, what shall be
done with the gold; the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can but look to the law to see what shall
be done with it. I confess my inability to solve
the difficulty very satisfactorily.
The Senator has again spoken of a censure.
I made no censure upon the Senator; intended
none. That will not quite! do, Mr. President:
that will hardly answer the Senator's purpose.
I say that directly in connection with the ques-
tion whether it was safe to trust the Secretary
of the Treasury with the discretionary control
of $50,000, the Senator brought this matter
before the Senate, and bringing it before the
Senate for the purpose of argument and for the
purpose of criticism, I have asked him where
is the wrong with the Secretary. He has not
yet answered it, and he cannot answer it.
I know ho spoke about not being able to
make me understand him. I heard that about
twenty years ago in the justice of the peace
court. I heard one lawyer say to the other,
"I am not responsible if that gentleman can-
not understand my argument." It is neither
wit nor originality thus to answer me. I asked
the Senator in what respect the Secretary of
the Treasury was in fault in regard to this
accumulation in the Treasury, and if he makes
a criticism he holds himself responsible to the
Senate to make his criticism complete. If the
Secretary of the Treasury has refused to pay
out money when a demand was made accord-
ing to law, let us know the case. The Secre-
tary tells us in this document, from which the
Senator lias read, that there is now due of
the public debt not presented for payment
$15,701,456 31. That is the showing ; that
there is a debt due and not paid of over fifteen
million dollars. It is not presented, and can
the Secretary of the Treasury pay it if it be
not presented? Can he anticipate debts not
due, and pay them according to his own pleas-
ure and not according to law?
Mr. President, I do not say that in every
respect I have agreed with the opinions ex-
pressed by the Secretary of the Treasury, but
I know him to be a man of unquestionable
integrity, of high ability, and entitled to the
confidence of the Senate and of the country.
Unless the Senator can show that the Secretary
should have used this money in some way
according to law no criticism based merely on
the fact that the money has accumulated in
the Treasury will hurt that distinguished gen-
tleman's good name in the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana alluded to his justice-of-the-peace expe-
rience, and I presume it was on that court that
lie learned to talk about something else than
the case before the justice of the peace. He
talks now about a criticism on the Secretary
of the Treasury. Who has made any ? I sup-
pose that Senator had just as much confidence
in Jake Thompson when he was Secretary of
the Interior, and stole the money belonging to
the Indians that was in the Interior Depart-
ment.^ It was there according to law. Did he
steal it according to law ? The danger is in
having power unnecessarily placed in the hands
of persons. I suppose the Senator had just as
much confidence at that time in Jake Thomp-
son as he has now in his friend, the present
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ask the Sen-
ator whether ho makes the comparison between
Secretary Thompson as Secretary of the In-
terior and Secretary McCulloch as Secretary
of the Treasury?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
said what I have said, and I have already said
(which the gentleman understands to be a jus-
tice-of-the-peace proceeding) that it is not my
business to make him understand what I say.
Now, sir, I do not agree with the Senator
that the Secretary of the Treasury has got no
power over the money. I am not criticising
the Secretary of the Treasury, but I am talking
of the law. Does not the Senator know that
the Secretary of the Treasury has authority
under existing laws to sell more than $90,000,-
000 of gold to-morrow ? Has he not got the
power? I think it dangerous to trust such a
power unnecessarily in the hands of any man.
That is not an attack upon the Secretary of
the Treasury. It is the lodging of such vast
powers anywhere that I regard as objection-
able, and I say to the Senate that it is not
safe, although you may have a law defining the
duties of the officer with whom you intrust
these unnecessary powers.
Why, sir, there would have been no devils in
hell il' they had not violated law. There would
have been no rebellion and no treason if the
men engaged in rebellion and treason had not
violated law; and it is because we gave power
into the hands of men which they abused, not
because we do it particularly in this country,
but because mankind the world over have
placed power in the hands of others which
they have abused, that the liberties of the
people have been trodden down from the be-
ginning of time.
Now, sir, there is no safety in having a law
telling the person whom you clothe with extraor-
dinary powers that he shall not abuse those
powers. By and by you will find some one
who is disposed to abuse them if lie lias the
power to do it, and my point is that you should
not unnecessarily confer power.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an amend-
ment to eome in after line three hundred and
ninety-one, oil page 17 :
For janitors for tho Treasury Department, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the next item be
read.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw tho motion for
that purpose.
The Secretary read the next item.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say  
Sir. HENDRICKS. Does the chairman of
the committee desire this?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desired and supposed
1 could get through with this bill to-day, and
probably should but for this unexpected and
long debate that has sprang up. We are get-
ting to be so near the close of the session, and
there is so much more business behind, that I
should like to have this bill disposed of, and am
therefore perfectly willing myselftohavearecess
and coine hero and finish it this evening.
Mr. CONNESS and others. Then lot us
finish it.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 10, noes 15; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until seven o'clock
p. ni.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o' clock p.m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutiona
from the House of Representatives were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
_ A bill (H. R. No. 1144) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 1146) for the relief of
Mrs. Elizabeth Fletcher-^to the Committee on
Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 275) to ex-
tend the time for the use of certain vessels for
quarantine purposes at the port of New York—
to the Committee on Commerce.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 577) to regulate the disposition of
the proceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures incurred under the laws relating to the
customs; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the 'Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK RAILROAD.
TOn motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (H. R.
No. 632) to authorize the building of a military
and postal railroad from Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the city of New York,
was taken from the table, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 80G) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for tho year ending the 30th of
June, 1867.
Tho PRESIDENT pro iempore. The read-
ing of the bill will now bo proceeded with,
commencing where the reading was interrupted
when the recess was taken.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 19, after line four hun-
dred and thirty-seven, to insert:
Bureau of Statistics:
For contingent expenses, namely: laborers, office
furniture, carpets, litdnfc up files, and miscellaneous
items, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 32, line seven
hundred and eighty, 1 move to strike out" five"
and to insert " nine;" and in lines seven hun-
dred and eighty-one and seven hundred and
eighty-two to strike out " $4,752, and to insert
" §7,032 ;'' so that the clause will read :
I'or compensation of nine watchmen and two labor-
ers of the southwest executive building, $7,632.
It will bo observed that this adds four watch-
men to the number now authorized in the Navy
Department building, and it is done at tho
request of the Secretary of the Navy, whose
letter I have here, in which he states that
owing to the very great enlargement of the
building the five watchmen are entirely insuf-
ficient for the safety of the building. The
committee were satisfied that it was so, and
therefore agreed to report this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, lines
eight hundred and twenty-nine, eight hundred
and thirty, and eight hundred and thirty-one,
to strike out the following words:
That a sum not exceeding §10,000 be appropriated
for the purchase of the Glover Museum: And provided
further.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, after
line eight hundred and thirty four, to insert:
For the purchase of the Glover Museum, $10,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see that that was just
stricken out on the other page, and it is put in
another place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have merely changed
the place in which it is to come in.
