1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
pnblid of Liberia eiclndisg white men from the right
of suffrage, on account of color, shall be repealed,
and official evidence of such repeal shall be filed in
the office of the Secretary of Stato of tho United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. I have ever been a supporter
of the American Colonization Society. I be-
lieve it has conferred vast benefits upon the
people of Africa as well as upon the colored
people in this country. And if this Govern-
ment were now in a condition to make an
appropriation of $50,000, $100,000, or $200,000
for the benefit of this society in Africa I should
feel I was doing a just and proper missionary
work in voting for it. But in the present con-
dition of the country I think we would be !
unwise to make this appropriation; especially
when we know that the republic of Liberia 1
excludes from the right of the elective fran-
chise any man who is not an African by blood;
no white man is allowed to exercise the right
of franchise within the domain of that republic, j
Now, in this country we have been setting an
example which I think they should follow be- j
fore we expend any money for their benefit. [
We have opened the gates wide in the District
of Columbia and allowed men to vote without |
reference to their race or color; and I have no
doubt we will soon allow all people to vote
without regard to sex.
I think it would be unwise to make this
appropriation at this time; and I shall vote
against the appropriation with or without the
amendment which I have offered, because I do
not believe that when a public debt of vast
magnitude is pressing upon the country, I am
opposed to it, especially when we have refused
to adopt measures to increase our revenue by
a proper protection of our national industry;
when we have failed to adopt legislation which
would invite enterprise and capital to our coun-
try. Therefore I do not think we should mow
go into business as a missionary society. If
we have any money to appropriate for mis-
sionary services, I recommend that it should
be applied in this country, and that, too, not a
great way from the capital of this Republic.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say that if we
have money to appropriate for the Freedmen's
Bureau we can certainly appropriate some
money for this colonization society, for in my
humble judgment this is the most economical
mode in which we can dispose of our money.
I simply desire to say that in my judgment
$50,000 expended in this way is more econom-
ically, wisely, and justly expended than the
same amount possibly can be for the Freed-
men's Bureau.
I now append to my remarks, and make a
part of |hem, the following address of our
former consul-general at Liberia, Mr. Hanson:
Addrett of Hon. Abraham Hanson, consul general
from the United States :
" In order to assure you how far you may give cre-
dence to my words, suffer me to state what means of
information I have had.
"In May, 1862,1 accepted the humble, bnt honorable
office of commercial agent of the United States in
Monrovia. In December, 1803, the position of Com-
missioner and consul general of the United States
to the republic of Liberia was intrusted to my
bands, the duties of which I still continue to dis-
charge. I have resided in Liberia about three years.
During this time I have interested myself in what-
ever promised to extend and strengthen tho com-
mercial and friendly relations between the two
countries. I have made several visitsalongthecoast
and up the rivers, going from farm to farm, and from
house to house, and thus, from verbal statements and
personal observation, have acquired a knowledge of
the industrious habits and domestic comforts of the
citizens.
In every directum new plantations are being com-
menced, and old ones materially enlarged and im-
proved, so that I can testify that the progress in this
department promises well for the future, and full
soil6 110 resources of the prolifio
" Coffee bids fair to become tbe basis of many an in-
dependent fortune It is cultivated with care, and
with comparatively small expense. Its maturity and
fruitfulness are not retarded, but rather advanced by
the use of the intervening space for the growth of
smaller^lants. The entire lack of suitable machinery
for milling has heretofore deterred many from enga*-
iof in this branch of agriculture; but this wantTl
am happy to state, is soon to be supplied, and you
may expect in a few years a regular shipment of
large quantities of coffee, as palatable and nutritious
M any that is produced in any other part of the
world. ♦
"Sugar-cane hac, I think, received a much l&rtfdr
share of attention than coffee, owing chiefly to tbe
fact that it yields an earlier return. There are four
steam sugar-mills along the banks of the St. Paul's
river, besides several wooden mills. Had I been a
commercial man I would have brought home orders
l for a dozen mills from parties who are generally
! responsible, and who offer a reasonable guarantee to
| secure tho payment. Specimens of cane have been
brought to my office more than sixteen feet in length
and from seven to eight inches in circumference at
I tho base, of one season's growth. Moro than one
! third of the juice of such cane is lost to those who
i have only wooden mills to express it.
| *' Tho article of cotton is not yet extensively cnlti-
i vated, though I believe it is attracting more atten-
tion than formerly, and that which nas been ex-
ported has commanded a high price and mueh praise
for its superior staple.
"But it would be presumptuous in me to enter into
minute details of the various productions of the soil
of Liberia before such an Audience as I conceive this
to be. I may say for the satisfaction of the officers
and members, as well as patrons of this society, that
I know from observation that the glowing reports
< which now come to you from month to month, and
j which appear in your various periodicals and maga-
j zines, are in the main founded upon tangible facts.
I "There is not, there neednotbe on all this globe, a
I richer soil, a soil which yields more prompt and
1 ample returns to the labor of the industrious hus-
bandman than that of Liberia. She has land enough
to give a free home to millions who may go hence to
aid in her future progress; a home where numerous,
various, and substantial products may be obtained
with less than half the labor required in many other
countries. And, moreover, it is obvious to those who
know the habits of the aborigines, their aptitude to
trade, especially, that as Christian civilization and
commerce advance, the door of the almost illimitable
interior will be thrown open, not by force of arms,
by deeds of blood, or exterminating influences, but
by the firm and steady progress of the arts atfd
sciences.
^ " The present condition of thepeople of this repub-
lic is encouraging. On every hand I have seen the
proofs of useful industry. All along the rivers, as
well as in the settlements on the coast, tho bambo
hut, tho log-cabin, and sometimes the frame house,
begin to givewayforthe commodious and substantial
stone or brick edifice. They are furnished as good
taste would dictate, not with what is usually termed
elegance, but with modern conveniences to an extent
beyond what many would expect to find in that far-
off land. In accepting of the generous hospitalities
of Liberian merchants and planters I have always
found their tables supplied with the substantial ele-
ments of food.
" Perhaps it is expected that I shouldsay something
in reference to the climate of Liberia. Fromitsloca-
tion on the globe you will naturally infer that it is
uniformly warm. My residence in Monrovia is in six
degrees and nine minutes north latitude, but though
so near tbe equator the air is tempered daily by
breezes from the sea. The seasons of the year are
two, the rainy and the dry; the former commences
with May, and the latter with November. The ther-
mometer averages about seventy-five degrees Fah-
renheit, and seldom rises above ninety degrees in the
shade. Yet, with all these elements of comfort, it is
not the white man's home. Africans, who have de-
scended from an ancestry absent from tbe continent
for from one to two centuries, can, with good habits
and proper care, survive the changeand enjoy health,
while the white man droops and dies.
" My observation leads me to the conclusion that a
greater amount of mortality is occasioned by ansea-
sonable anxiety, unfounded apprehensions of dan-
ger, unreasonable and immoderate bodily exercise,
want of abstinence from improper food during con-
valescence, the want of suitable remedies during the
fiercest attacks of fever, than from the actual and, if
I may use the term? the unavoidable or curable
effects of fever.
" Hear what the eloquent and learned Hon. E. W.
Blyden said to his fellow-citizens* on the 26th of July
last, the anniversary of the independence of the
nation which he serves as secretary of state. Speak-
ing of their location on the coast, he says: 'Here is
a land adapted to us, given to us by Providence—
peculiarly ours, to the exclusion of alien races. On
every hand we can look and say it is ours. Ours are
the serene skies that bend above us; ours the twink-
ling stars and brilliant planets, Pleiades and Venus
and Jupiter; the thunder of the clouds; the roaring
of the sea; the rustling of the forest; the murmur of
the brooks; and the whispers of the broese.'
The Liberia college stands aa a noble monument
of the munificence of its founders. Under the presi-
dency of Hon. J. J. Roberts, the benefactor of his
race, and with the cooperation of tho able faculty, a
foundation is being laid, broad, deep, extensive, and
permanent, to raise up instruments for Africa's
redemption from thralldom and from darkness.
' As the immigrant plants his feet upon the soil of
his ancestors, and directs his wandering gaze from
point to point, he beholds Christian temples rearing
their humble but inviting fronts. He listens to the
church-going bell.' He hears voices, joining in
hallelujahs to God, wbioh rend the still air, and as-
cend as incense to the skies; while countenances
irradiated with ineffable, heaven-born brightness,
assure him that here Jehovah is known and wor-
shiped; that Christ is honored and adored; and
that the Holy Ghost diffuses his convincing, quick-
ening, regenerating, sanctifying, saving power.
Among all classes in Liberia, from the president
down to the humblest walks of life, you can find
those upon whom the badge of Christian disciple-
ship is placed with honorable prominence.
" Ana now I must close by asking, who can take a
careful statue at what the people of Liberia were •
at the oircumstanees which have surrounded them •
at what they have accomplished, and at what they
are, and what they are doing to-day, and not pause
and wonder, and give God thanks, and take cour-
age? Liberia lives, yonder, a striking monument,
not less remarkable to ine than the bush burning
with fire, yet unconsumed! And what is more, my
humble faith in the immortal promises of God as-
sures me that she shall continue to live and grow, for
she is emphatically afostcr-child of Providence. In
spite of the supineness of some of her professed
friends, and the sneers and open opposition of her
cruel foes, she is stronger to-day in moral power and
political wisdom than ever she has been before.
" Were I a member of that race, with my knowledge
of the tremendous weight that still oppresses them,
and of the illimitable field which invites them to
Liberia, with its innumerable facilities for comfort,
independence, and usefulness, I should gather my
family around me, and embark on board the first
vessel bound for that distant shore, even if I had to
avail myself of the generous aid which the Coloni-
zation Society offers."
Tbe CHAIRMAN'. All debate is closed
by order of the House upon tlie pending par-
agraph and amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Davis.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred cm the amendment
of Mr. Thayer, to strike out the paragraph.
On the amendment there were—ayes 77,
noes 22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by inserting
in lien of the paragraph just stricken out, an
appropriation of $25,(X)0 for the same purpose.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
saying 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order,
debate having been closed on the paragraph.
Mr. ROSS. Then, I withdraw the amend*
ment.
Mr. SLOAN. I mofe to amend by inserting
the following as a new paragraph :
No money shall be paid out of the Treasury toward
the construction of tho new jail for the District of
Columbia, unless the letting of the contract for the
building of said jail shall be suspended and delayed
until perfected plans for the entire work shall have
been completed and approved by a board of three,
composed of disinterested and competent engineers,
of which Quartermaster General Meigs shall be one;
nor unless the letting of such contract shall have
been open to fair and equal competition^on reason-
able notice, printed in two leading newspapers pub-
lished in the city of Washington after such approval
of such new and perfected plans.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
'ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So tbe amendment was not agreed to.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No. 1161) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed an act (H. R. No. 1166) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1868, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had postponed indefinitely bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of the
legaJ representatives of Major John A. Whitall.
late paymaster in the United States Army,
deceased, on account of lost or stolen vouch-
ers ; and
An act (H. R. No. 824) for the relief of
Edward Blanchard.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendments bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1059) for the relief of
Sylvanus Sawyer and William E. Ward;
An act (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and pay the claim of John R. Beckley.
