1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
Mr. CONNESS. That is it, when we want
peace and quiet.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is encouraging
unnecessary lawsuits.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from.California.
The amend'taeiit was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill, as follows:
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, and other securities of the United
States, as well as the coins of the United States,
$150,000.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance as
to the necessity of appropriating $150,000 to
pay detectives for their services in detecting
counterfeiters of the currency of the United
States. Is not that sum rather large? It
would pay a swarm of detectives in every part
of the country and encourage their employ-
ment.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. It is a very expensive
and a very important service. I do not know
of any more important item or money better
spent than that.
Mr. HOWARD. Very likely. I see the
necessity of having some such appropriation ;
but I wish to inquire of the Senator whether
that is the appropriation that has been made
heretofore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot tell just now,
but T think the same appropriation was made
last year. We made quite an appropriation
for the current year, and it was struck down,
and wo afterward increased it on consultation.
Mr. HOWARD. Was the appropriation
the same or nearly so ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume it was.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely inquired for in-
formation. It struck me as rather a large sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not make any
inquiry about it. I found it in the bill as it
came to us ; but it is a pretty expensive busi-
ness. Agents have to be employed and they
have to be paid extra for peculiar services.
Mr. WILSON. And it is rather a useless
business, too, for I find that almost all the
men convicted are pardoned immediately.
Still, I shall vote for the appropriation if the
Senator wants it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a matter
that depends on the appropriation at all.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
biH.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 4f>, line eleven hundred and twenty-
one, to strike out " four" and insert "five;"
so as to read:
For compensation to the laborer in charge of the
water-closets in the Capitol, $538.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Inline eleven hundred
and twenty-three, page 49, the word "the"
should be inserted before "Capitol."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
clerical correction winch will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 47, line eleven
hundred and thirty-three, I move to strike out
"$1,200" and to insert "$1,800;" so as to
read:
For compensation of two day watchmcn employed
in the Capitol S'liuixe, $1,800.
They are entitled to $900 each by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 47, lines eleven
hundred and thirty-five and eleven hundred
and thirty-six, I move to strike out "82,640"
and to insert "$3,108;" so as to read:
To enable the Commissioner of Public "Buildings to
pay two policcmcn at the President's House, £3,108.
They are entitled by law to the same pay as
the police of the Capitol.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 47, after line eleven hundred and thirty-
eight, to insert:
For compensation of two watchmen at the Presi-
dent's house, ^1,440.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " $1,440" and in-
serting " $1,800." They get $900 apiece.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 47, after
line eleven hundred and forty, to insert;
For compensation for threo watchmen on the dome,
$2,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 47, after
line eleven hundred and forty-two, to insert:
For compensation to a person to take care of the
heating apparatus of the Library of Congress, 81,000.
Mr. CRESWELL. May I ask the object of
that clause? Under the present arrangement
the heating apparatus of the Library is in the
charge, I think, of the Scrgeant-at-Arms of
the Senate and the Doorkeeper of the House,
and' if another person is appointed to take
charge of the same engines 
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is not for the
engines. This is the heating apparatus of the
Library. The amendment is offered in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, who says that
it is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 47, after line eleven hundred and forty-
five to strike out the following clause:
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper at the
President's House, $600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That clause the com-
mittee struck out. I have since been informed,
however, and I will state to the Senate, that
although that is asked for as anew officer, there
being only one doorkeeper authorized by law,
we are all aware that the President's House
has been refurnished, and very well furnished,
and it is a very handsome sort of a place, and
it is thought to bo very necessary and econom-
ical to have some person there all the time to
accompany visitors about the House. We know
that formerly when it was fixed up it was very
much injured; pieces were cut out of the furni-
ture and a good deal of injury was done by visi-
tors, and it is represented that it is advisable
to have some person who shall be in constant
attendance upon visitors there and accompany
them to the different parts of the House where
they go, and see that no damage is done. The
appropriation is only $600, and I have come
to the conclusion that it would be well to make
the appropriation, and I think the committee
would have come to the same conclusion had
the same facts been stated to them. I leave
it to the Senate therefore to decide. I doubt
very much whether it is advisable to strike out
that appropriation.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill has already given
to the President two watchmen and some other
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those two watchmen
were there before, and the appropriation for
their pay was accidentally left out by the House
and is now put in. There are two watchmen
there constantly, and must be necessarily; and
two policemen and a doorkeeper. This is for
an assistant doorkeeper in-side the house to
accompany visitors. Mjf own opinion is that
it is advisable to make the appropriation.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I make no ob-
jection. I will ask the chairman what '' dome''
is referred to in line eleven huudied and forty-
one, "for compensation of three watchmen on
the dome"—the dome of the Capitol?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is but one dome,
and that is the dome of the Capitol. I do not
know of any other.
Mr. HOWARD. I thought it might perhaps
apply to some other dome in the country. Per-
haps you had better say "dome of the Capitol."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection if
the Senator has any doubt about it. 1 think
the dome of the Capitol is "the dome."
Mr. HOWARD. Others might think differ-
ently.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on tho amendment
proposed by the committee ?
Mr. IIENDRICKS. I could not hear from
the chairman whether he recommended that
this clause be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mended that it should be struck out, not being
informed of the facts and supposing we had
provided last year all the officers that were
necessary ; but sincc that time I have been in-
formed by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings that it is very desirable to have this person
in order to protect the property, to be there all
the time to attend to visitors, which the door-
keeper cannot do. There must be one man at
the door constantly. I think this appropria-
tion advisable therefore, and have taken the
liberty myself to suggest that I do not think it
wise to conform to the recommendation of the
committee in striking out the clause. That is
all. Tho Senate of course will do as it pleases
about it. We all know how much injury was
done to the house, and it may be done again
unless it is watched.
Mr. HO WARD. I think it is right.
Mr. CONNESS. It is useful; it shows that
the committee are capable of making a mistake,
that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am painfully aware
of that.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to the following clause, lines eleven hun-
dred and sixty-six to eleven hundred and sev-
enty-two :
For additional compensation of $100 each to six
watchmen, at $900, and of twenty per cent, of five
laborers in tho Capitol, one foreman and twenty-one
laborers on public grounds, one gatekeeper, two day
and two night watchmen, and two furnace-koepera,
$4,762 80.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
whether tho three watchmen employed in the
square near tho Smithsonian. Institution are
included in this paragraph ? There was such
a provision in the bill originally, but my im-
pression is that, while it was pending in the
House, that was struck out. I should like to
inquire whether that has been restored, and
whether those watchmen are included in those
named in this paragraph.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is only making
provision for the additional pay provided by
law to certain specified persons. It does not
include them.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose, then, in a mo-
ment, to offer an amendment to provide for
them ; and I will state that there are, I think,
three watchmen employed in this square to
which I have referred. They have been em-
ployed there for a year, and have performed
some very valuable service there. It is a place
where bad characters in the city had been ill
tho habit of frequenting, and there was no
part of tho city that required watchmen more
than it did. The Commissioner of Public
Buildings appointed three soldiers, some of
whom were maimed and one I believe honor-
ably discharged; but the House, in a spasm
of economy, struck out the appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will find
a provision for those watchmen at the top of
page 48, lines eleven hundred and fifty-one
and eleven hundred and fifty-two:
For the compensation of five watchmen in reserva-
tion No. 2, $1,500.
Reservation No. 2 is tho ground on which is
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. CONNESS. Then it is all right.
Tho next item of the bill was read, provid-
ing for the Metropolitan police, as follows:
Metropolitan police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police tor the I)istrict of Columbia,
5208,8">0. And the compensation of &aid Metropol-
itan policc force, officers, and clerks, bo, and tho
same is hereby, increased twenty per cent, upon tho
amount hereby appropriated, commencing on tho
1st day of November, 1866, said increase to be borne
by tho cities of Washington and Georgetown, and tho
county of Washington, in the District ot Columbia,
in the proportion equal to^the number of patrolmen
allotted severally to the city of v\ ashincfon. to tho
city of Georgetown, and the county of Washington;
