1867.
fflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI4
tfict of the State of South Carolina, praying
for compensation for services rendered as
assistant assessor in that district; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
Thomas B. Devereux, of North Carolina,
stating that he invested a fund in confederate
bonds under particular circumstances set forth
in the petition, and asking that tinder the pecu-
liar circumstances of that investment he be
indemnified to the extent of $8,000, which he
lost. I move its reference to the Committee
on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
citizens of Erie county, Ohio, praying for a
specific duty of one dollar per gallon on all
importations of wine; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Benjamin W. Ham, cashier of the Providence
National Bank, of Providence, Rhode Island,
praying that certain taxes alleged to have been
erroneously paid under a decision of the Treas-
urer of th^JJnited States and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Alphonso Dora and Thomas H. Cross, employes
at the Executive Mansion, praying for an addi-
tion of twenty per cent, on their present pay ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Charles Robidou, of Alton, Illinois, praying
for services rendered as secret policeman in
the army of the Cumberland; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
Jacob C. Wentworth, of Somerworth, New
Hampshire, praying that a pension may be
granted him on account of a disability incurred
while a landsman on board the United States
frigate Colorado; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Henry Addison and H. D. Cooke, of George-
town, District of Columbia, representing that
an inequality of taxation was imposed on the
cities of Georgetown and Washington by the
act of July 26, 18G6, entitled "An act author-
izing the construction of a jail in and for the
District of Columbia," and praying for the
repeal of that portion of the act making the
inequality; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of 0. E.
Dreutzer, of Wisconsin, praying for compen-
sation for services rendered as consul of the
United States at Bergen, Norway, from the 5th
of November, 1865, to the 26th of. May, 1866;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of the
McGregor Western Railway Company, praying
for a grant of land in alternate sections to en-
able them to extend their road from the ter-
minal point in O'Brien county, Iowa, via Yank-
ton, to a point on the Union Pacific railroad ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SAULSBURY, it was
Ordered, That Colonel Benjamin S. Compton have
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate his
petition and papers praying for compensation for
seven hundred and eighty-two bales of cotton, which
he alleges were seized by a military expedition under
the command of Brigadier General Ransom, and
shipped to the port of Memphis and sold on account
of the Government of the United States.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That Robert W. Dunbar have leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate his memorial
praying to be reimbursed for damages sustained in
consequence of a revocation of his appointment as
agent to take charge of public property at Port Or-
ford, m Oregon.
personal explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. ^ I rise, sir, with no view
to present a memorial, but to refer to what the
honorable memberfrom Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
is reported to havg said on Friday in what might
be called a colloquy between himself and my-
self, which I did not hear at the tiipe, or I would
then have done what I am- now about to do.
The honorable member supposed, as I collect
from his speech, as reported, and I suppose
the report is accurate, that in what I had said
in relation to him it was my purpose to taunt
the State of Wisconsin with having sent him
to this body. I should have hoped that my
friend never would for a moment have sup-
posed that in anything I had said, or was capa-
ble of saying, I intended or could intend any
reflection upon him, and particularly upon his
State from his being her representative on
this floor. Our relations ever since we have
been together in the Senate have been upon
my part, and I have no doubt upon his, en-
tirely cordial. Iliave felt for him the sincerest
esteem, jmd that esteem I know I shall con-
tinue to feel as long as we remain here and
thereafter. So far from my desiring to taunt
the State of Wisconsin with having him as her
representative upon this floor, I know no man
in that State, and I know a great many there
.who are members of his own party, whom I
would be more glad to see u^Son this floor as
the honorable member from Wisconsin. I
could wish, as I have no doubt he would wish
in regard to myself, if he spoke of my position
as a Senator on this floor, that upon some of
the political topics of the day his opinions
coincided with my own. The opinions which
he entertains, I have no doubt, are just as sin-
cerely entertained as the opposite that I enter-
tain. I would be the last member of the Sen-
ate to evince, even in the most distant way,
any %vant of courtesy to any associate upon this
floor. I am not conscious that I have ever
done it upon any former occasion; and if I may
have said anything which could be construed
into any purpose of the kind to which I alfhde
I beg the honorable Senator to be assured that
it was as far from my purpose as anything that
is the most absolutely foreign to any purpose
I ever had, or can have, and I trust would be
foreign to my own nature.
Mr. HOWfE. Mr. President, I ought not
to allow the very generous remarks just made
by the Senator from Maryland to pass with-
out saying that, although I did feel at the time
that some portion of the remarks he made
on Friday sounded something like a taunt, as
I said at the time, yet I felt they were struck
out of him in the heat of debate, that they
were not the expression of a serious conviction,
and they left no sting or bitterness on my part
which I carried out of the Senate Chamber;
indeed, they occasioned no bitterness at the
time. I thought it due to myself, as well as to
the course the debate had taken, that I should
notice them as I did, but beyond that I cer-
tainly never meant to take any notice of them,
and I meant by nothing that I said to challenge
any such very ample explanation as the hon-
orable Senator has just been pleased to "make.
It is true, as he says, that our relations have
been as kindly heretofore as I believe it is
usual for the relations between members of this
body to be, and it is only proper for me to say,
as we are on the subject of personal explana-
tions, that there is no member on this floor, and
has been none, for whom I have cherished any
higher personal regard than I have for the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
reports of committees
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a report
of the Secretary of War communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
.luly 24, 1866, information touching the prob-
able cost of constructing a railroad on the
route mentioned in the charter of the Northern
Pacific railroad, have had the same under con-
sideration, and instructed me to report the
papers back and move that they be printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
navy register.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print a thousand copies of the Navy Register,
reported it without amendment, and it wascon-
siaered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
Navy Register of the United States for the year 186T
be printed for the use of the Senate.
soldiers' medals.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) authorizing
certain medals to be distributed to honorably
discharged soldiers free of postage, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage. It is a very short resolution, to
which I presume there will be no objection.
It merely authorizes the authorities of West
Virginia to transmit medals through the post
office to their honorably discharged soldiers. I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the adjutant general
of the State of West Virginia to distribute
through the mails, free of postage, to the hon-
orably discharged soldiers of West Virginia, and
to the relatives and friends of those who were
killed or died of wounds or disease while in ser-
vice, certain medals furnished by the Legislature
of that State; and provides that the envelopes
inclosing them shall be franked by the adjutant
general of the State in the mode prescribed by
the Postmaster General.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
payment to masters of enlisted slaves.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 459.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 459) suspending the payment of moneys
from the Treasury as compensation to persons
claiming the service or labor of colored volun-
teers or drafted men, and for other purposes,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the final report of the commis-
sioners provided for in the second section of
the act of Congress entitled "An act making
appropriation for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes," approved July 28,
1866, shall be made through the Secretary of
War to Congress; and that no money shall
be paid from the Treasury, or from any fund
therein, upon that report or otherwise, to any
claimant underthe provisions of section twenty-
four of the act approved February 24, 1884,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled !An
act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes,"' approved
March 3, 1863, until such report shall be
approved and confirmed by Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. My colleague feels ;.n
interest in this subjcct. I do not see him in
his seat, and I suggest that the bill be post-
poned until he comes in. I think that course
would personally gratify him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he is here or
will be in the Chamber in a minute.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see him in his
seat. The law itself which it is proposed to
suspend was passed several years ago, and
awards have been made to the amount of some
two or throe hundred thousand dollars, and a
fund is now in the Treasury specifically appro-
priated to meet such cases. The Secretary of
War or the President has renewed the com-
missions for the purpose of proceeding with
the duty which the law imposes. We had sup-
posed in Maryland that after Congress prom-
ised the loyal owners of slaves that if'they
would consent to their going into the military
service of the United States they should bo
paid, that promise would be kept. On the
faith of that promise Maryland also agreed to
give, I think, about a hundred dollars in each
