302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
*/ *
case, and that she has paid pari passu with
the Gov.erninent, or rather has paid since the
Government has stopped paying; and it would
be exceedingly inconvenient to the loyal men
of Maryland, for whom the original law was
passed and who are great sufferers now by the
emancipation of their slaves, that they should
be deprived of this comparatively small sum;
I mean comparatively $mall to each party.
Unless there is a great public necessity for
suspending the law, I should hope it would be
permitted to take its course. I see that my
friend and colleague is now in his seat. He
knows more about the matter than I do, and
can state to the Senate the situation in which
our people are placed.
Mr. ORES WELL. When this subject was
before the Senate at the last session I said all
that I believed I could say in regard to the
measure, and I have nothing further to add
now. The Senate must take such action as it
deems best under the circumstances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thisbilldoes not pro-
pose to repeal the law or interfere with the ob-
ligation of the Government, but merely to keep
the Treasury in the hands of Congress, and to
provide that Congress shall see what the re-
ports may be and judge how far they are satis-
factory before money is paid out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that the pro-
vision of the bill of the last session was incor-
porated on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis, ] whft is not now present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has been no
legislation on the subject since the original
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was there not legisla-
tion at the last session ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was brought up at
the last session, but nothing was done. It
was then proposed in the shape of an appro-
priation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought that provis-
ion was made at the last session. I recollected
that the Senator from Kentucky took a good
deal of interest in it, and I wanted to suggest
to the Senator from Maine the fact of his ab-
sence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This does not interfere
with any object the Senator from Kentucky
has in view. He wants the money paid, claims
it as a matter of right and contract on the part of
the Government. That is not the question here.
Neither is this a question of an appropriation to
pay it. There have been commissions appointed
under the original act to make examination and
report, and the object of this bill is to direct that
those reports shall be made through the Sec-
retary of War to Congress, and that Congress
shall have a chance to examine the reports
and see the results arrived at before the money
is paid out of the Treasury. That is the ob-
ject of the bill, and a very proper one, as the
Committee on Finance unanimously thought.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not intend to dis-
cuss the bill, but simply to suggest that the
Senator from Kentucky, whose State is proba-
bly more interested in this question than any
other State, had taken an interest in it at the
last session, and I thought the amendment
which he proposed at the last session was
adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I was misled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This has reference to
the original act, and does not interfere with any
object he had.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 490) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Idaho," approved March 3, 1803;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 155) to provide an increased
depth of water in the harbor improvements of
the lakes; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 491) amendatory of the several acts re-
specting copyright; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 492) to protect the rights of married women;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
cereals at the paris exposition.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 154) to provide for the
exhibition of the cereal production# of the
United States at the Paris Exposition in April
next; which was read twice. It proposes to
instruct the Commissioner of Agriculture to
collect and prepare, as far as practicable and
with as little delay as possible, suitable speci-
mens of the cer§al productions of the several
States .of the Union for exhibition at the Paris
Exposition, and forward the specimens in
proper order and condition to J. C. Derby,
agent of the United States Government for the
Paris Exposition at New York.
Mr. CATTELL. I hold in my hand a letter
from Mr. J. C. Derby, the agent of the United
States for the Paris Exposition, in which he
states, under date of January 4, that only some
six or seven States of this Union have so far
forwarded specimens of the cereal productions
of our country. It occurs to me that an inter-
est so vast as that of the agriculture of the
United States should be properly represented
at the Exposition in Paris, and that no readier
method could be adopted than that of instruct-
ing the Commissioner of Agriculture, who has
opened correspondence with prominent gentle-
men connected with this interest of our coun-
try in various parts of the country, to gather
together these specimens and to forward them
to the duly authorized agent, Mr. Derby, of
New York, to be forwarded to the Exposition.
The States which have already forwarded
them are Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, Indiana,
Wisconsin, Michigan, Louisiana, and Califor-
nia, leaving quite a number of the States which
produce largely of cereals unprovided for. I
have only to say, Mr. President, that having
been for the last twenty years connected with
both the foreign and domestic trade in cereals
of this country, I am anxious to have a com-
parison of them in regard to their extent and
their variety and their quality with those of
any other nation on the face of the globe. I
hope, therefore, as no time can be lost if we
are to do this thing properly, that the joint
resolution will pass now.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I think some provision
should be made in that connection to limit or
fix the expenditure that the Commissioner of
Agriculture may involve the Treasury in. I
should like to know from the Senator who has
introduced the resolution, if any estimate can
be made with regard to the expense of this pro-
ceeding. If it is to come out of the annual
appropriation made for the support, of the Agri-
cultural Department, if that is to be under-
stood, of course it is all right. I should like
to know something about it.
Mr. CATTELL. I apprehend that the ex-
penses will be so trifling as to be scarcely
worthy of consideration, and I suppose it would
come without the slightest, difficulty out of the
usual appropriation for the Agricultural De-
partment. Samples will be furnished gratui-
tously with great pleasure by everybody. It is
simply the trouble of preparing the packages
and forwarding tlrem, which would involve
only a trilling expense, so much so as I think
not to be worthy of notice.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
passenger steamships.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Itesotved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibit-
ing by law the sending of passenger steamships to
sea att©r they nave been in use a certain number of
years.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would suggest to my
friend from Oregon tliat if the Committee on
Commerce are to perfect anything useful in
respect to that inquiry there had better be
added to the resolution a power to compel the
attendance of persons and papers; and I move
to amend the resolution by adding " and that
the committee have power to send for persons
and papers." It is an inquiry of very consid-
erable importance, and a subject which needs,
in my judgment, a good deal of searching in-
vestigation.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted.
colony of americans in tubkey.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Senate, if this
can be done compatibly with the public interest, a
copy of any official correspondence which may have
taken place upon the subject of an alleged recent
emigration of citizens of the United States to the
dominions of the Sublime Porte for the purpose of
settling and acquiring landed property there.
pension agents.
Mr. CRAG-IN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. ISTo.
69) to provide for the payment of pensions,
which was passed by the Senate at the last
session and has been returned from the House
of Representatives with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I do not want to delay the
passage of that bill, but I am taken by sur-
prise by the motion now. I shall have no
objection to its being taken up to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. Ko.
69) to provide for the payment of pensions.
The bill as passed by the Senate was in these
words:
Be it enacted. That the President of the United
States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to estab-
lish agencies for the payment of pensions granted by
the United States wherever, in his judgment, the
public interests and the convenience of the pension-
ers require, and by and -with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint all pension agents, who
shall hold their offices for the term of four years and
until their successors shall have been appointed and
qualified, and who shall give bond, with good and
sufficient sureties, for such amount and in such form
as the Secretary of the Interior may approve: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to vacate any existing office prior to an
appointment by the President as herein provided.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out the proviso at the close
of the bill, and in lieu of it to insert the folio w-
Resofoed, That the number of pension agencies in
any State or Territory shall in no case be increased
hereafter so as to exceed three, and that no such
agency shall be established in addition to those now
existing in any State or Territory in which the whole
amount of pensions paid during the fiscal year next
preceding shall not have exceeded the sum of $500,-
000: And provided furthcr} That the term of office
of all pension agents appointed since the 1st day of
January, A. D. 1866, shall expire at the end of thirty
days from the passage of this act, and that the Pres-
ident shall, within fifteen days from the passage of
this act, nominate to the Senate persons for pension
agents in the several agencics in which pension
agents have been appointed since the said 1st day
of January, A. D. 1866: and that ail pension agents
appointed prior to said date last named, and now
acting, shall continue in their respective offices until
their successors shall be nominated and confirmed in
accordance with the provisions of this act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have reported amend-
