1867.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ments to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The first amendment of the com-
mittee is in line eleven of the House amend-
ment, to strike out "January" and insert
"October;" and in line twelve to strike out
"six" and insert "five;" so as to read "1st
day of October, A. D. 1865," instead of "1st
day of January, A. D. 1866."
Mr. HOWE. Is that amendment in the
eleventh and twelfth lines only one amend-
ment? If it is all one amendment, I object to
a part of it. I have no objection to the
amendment in line eleven.
The PRES IDE NT pro tempore. The amend-
ment can be divided at the suggestion of the
Senator, and the question can be taken in the
first instance on the first portion of the amend-
ment. . *
Mr. HOWE. I would rather the vote should
be taken on the first amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be on the first clause of the
amendment, striking out "January" and in-
serting "October" in line eleven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment was
proposed on the consideration of facts pre-
sented to the committee while the bill was be-
fore them, and I trust the amendment will be
concurred in. No reason is given why it
should not be. It reaches back to 1865.
Mr. HOWE. For what reason?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to go back and
declare that the terms of office of those men
who have been put into office simply for polit-
ical purposes since the controversy that now
exists arose shall expire, and that either they
or.somebody else shall be nominated to the
Senate and confirmed. The object of the bill
is to bring before the Senate these important
officers, pension agents. Since the war and
the large increase of pensions in the country
these offices have become important and they
have multiplied; they are much more numer-
ous than they were; I think there are as many
as four in some of the States of the Union;
and it was thought advisable that instead of
being designated as heretofore by the Secretary
of the Interior, and he being left to designate
them ad libitum as many as he pleased, it was
better to regulate this matter bylaw. The bill
does not appropriately, as I think, belong to
the Committee on the Judiciary. We did not
thmk so. It originally came from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and I trust the Senator
from Indiana, who is chairman of that com-
mittee, will take charge of this question. After
being amended in the House and sent back to
the Senate, the bill was referred at his instance
to the Committee on the Judiciary, on the
assumption that there was some constitutional
question involved in the matter. I think, how-
evf&'.the Committee on the Judiciary were
unanimously of the opinion that there was no
constitutional question involved, but as the bill
was before them they considered it and re-
ported it back with these amendments.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 828) to repeal section
thirteen of "An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes," approved July 17, 1862; which
thereupon received the signature of the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Robert Johnson", his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed a
bill (S. No. 02) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid in the construction of a military road from
Eugene City to the eastern boundary of said
State;" and a joint resolution (S. R. No. 123)
in relation to the settlement of the accounts of
William P. Wingate, collector at the port of
Bangor, Maine.
suffrage in the district—veto.
The President's Secretary also announced
that he was directed by the President'jto return
to the Senate, in which it originated, the bill
(S. No. 1_) to regulate the elective franchise in
the District of Columbia, with his objections
thereto in writing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to calf up the unfinished business
of Friday; but prior to that, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, the Chair will lay before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States.
The Secretary of the Senate, Hon. John*
W. Forney, thereupon read the message as
follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have received and considered a bill entitled
'' An act to regulate the elective franchise in
the District of Columbia," passed by the Sen-
ate on the 13th of December, and by the House
of Representatives on the succeeding day. It
was presented for my approval on the 26th
ultimo—six days after the adjournment of Con-
gress—and is now returned with my objections
to the Senate, in which House it originated.
Measures having been introduced, at the
commencement of the first session of the pres-
ent Congress, for the extension of the elective
franchise to persons of color in the District of
Columbia, steps were taken by the corporate
authorities of Washington and Georgetown to
ascertain and make known the opinion of the
people of the two cities upon a subjcct so im-
mediately affecting their welfare as a commu-
nity. The question was submitted to the peo-
ple at special elections, held in the month of
December, 1865, when the qualified voters
of Washington and Georgetown, with great
unanimity of sentiment, expressed themselves
opposed to the contemplated legislation. In
Washington, in a vote of 6,556—the largest,
with but two exceptions, ever polled in that
city—only 32 ballots were cast for negro suf-
frage ; while in Georgetown, in an aggregate
of 813 votes—a number considerably in excess
of the average vote at the four preceding
annual elections—but one was given in favor
of the proposed extension of the elective fran-
chise. As these elections seem to have been
conducted with entire fairness, the result must
be accepted as a truthful expression of the
opinion of the people of the District upon the
question which evoked it. Possessing, as an
organized community, the same popular right
as the inhabitants of a State or Territory, to
make known their will upon matters which
affect their social and political condition, they
could have selected no more appropriate mode
of memorializing Congress upon the subject of
this bill than through the suffrages of their
qualified voters.
Entirely disregarding the wishes of the
people of the District of Columbia, Congress
has deemed it right and expedient to pass the
measure now submitted for my signature. It
therefore becomes the duty of the Executive,
standing between the legislation of the one
and the will of the other, fairly expressed, to
determine whether he should approve the bill,
g,nd thus aid in placing upon the statute-books
of the nation a law against which the people
to whom it is to apply have solemnly and With
such unanimity protested, or whether he should
return it with his objections in the hope that
upon reconsideration, Congress, acting as the
representatives of the inhabitants of the seat
of Government, will permit them to regulate
a purely local question as to them may seem
best suited to their interests and condition.
The District of Columbia was ceded to the
United States by Maryland and Virginia, in
order that it might become the permanent seat
of Government of the United States. Ac-
cepted by Congress, it at once became subject
to the " exclusive legislation" for which pro-
vision is made in the Federal Constitution.
It should be borne in mind, however, that in
exercising its functions as the law-making
power of the District of Columbia, the author-
ity of the national Legislature is not without
limit, but that Congress is bound to observe
the letter aid spirit of the Constitution,, as
well in the enactment of local laws for the seat
of Government as in legislation common to
the entire Union.' WTere it to be admitted
that the right '' to exercise exclusive legisla-
tion in all cases whatsoever" conferred upon
Congress unlimited power within the District
of Columbia, bills of attainder and ex pest
facto laws might be passed and titles of no-
bility granted within its boundaries. Laws
might be made "respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech
or of the press; or the right of the people
peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress of grievances." "The
right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against un-
reasonable searches and seizures," might with
impunity be violated. The right of trial by
jury might be denied, excessive bail required,
excessive fines imposed, and cruel and unusual
punishments inflicted. Despotism would thus
reign at the seat of Government of a free Re-
public, and, as a place of permanent residence,
it would be avoided by all who prefer the
blessings of- liberty to the mere emoluments
of official position.
It should also be remembered that in legis-
lating for the District of Columbia, under the
Federal Constitution, the rotation of Congress
to its inhabitants is analogous to that of a
Legislature to the people of a State, under their
own local constitution. It does not, therefore,
seem to be asking too much that, in matters
pertaining to the District, Congress should
have a like respect for the will and interests of
its inhabitants as is entertained by a State
Legislature for the wishes and prosperity of
those for whom they legislate. The spirit of
our Constitution and the genius of our Govern-
ment require that, in regard to any law which
is to affect and have a permanent bearing upon
a people, their will should exert at least a rea-
sonable influence upon those who are acting in
the capacity of their legislators. Would, for
instance, the Legislature of the State of New
York, or of Pennsylvania, or of Indiana, or of
any State in the Union, in opposition to the
expressed will of a large majority of the peo-
ple whom they were chosen to represent,
arbitrarily force upon them, as voters, all per-
sons of the African or negro race and make
them eligible for office, without any other
qualification than a ccrtain term of residence
within the State? In neither of the States
named would the colored population, when
acting together, be able to produce any great
social or political result. Yet, in New York,
before he can vote, the man of color must fulfill
conditions that are not required of the white
citizen; in Pennsylvania the elective franchise
is restricted to white freemen; while in Indi-
ana negroes and mulattoes are "expressly ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage. It hardly
seems consistent with the principles of right
and justice that representatives of States where
suffrage is either denied the colored man, or
granted to him on qualifications requiring in-
telligence or property, should compel the
people of the District of Columbia to try an
experiment which their own constituents have
thus far shown an unwillingness to test for
themselves. Nor does it accord with our
republican ideas that the principle of self-gov-
ernment should lose its force when applied to
the residents of the District merely because
their legislators are not, like those of the
States, responsible, through the ballot, to the
people- for whom they are the law-making
power.
The great object of placing the seat of Gov-
ernment under the exclusive legislation of
Congress was to secure the entire independence
of the General Government from undue State
influence, and to enable it to discharge, with-
out danger of interruption or infringement of
its authority, the high functions for which it
