1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
the agricultural lands in the mineral districts
throughout the United States. And it is to
carry out the provisions of this seventh sec-
tion that this $3G,000 is put into this bill.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my amendment.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That upon all mer-
chandise gaugeablo by law hereafter exported upon
which drawback or return dutyia allowed, and upon
all goods gaugeable by law withdrawn from bonded
warehouses for export, there shall be levied and col-
lected by tho collectors of the several ports twelve
cents per cask; and the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to adjust
and refund to the proprietors of the Liverpool, New
York, and Philadelphia steamship lino the amount
of the duties paid by them on foreign coals which
were consigned exclusively for the use of thcirstenm-
ships, and wore never delivered on shore in the Uni-
ted States, but were transhipped in harbor,on board
said steamships, and actually consumed by them
without the United States and onthehigh seas: and
tho requisite amount is hereby appropriated there-
for.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the words "cents
per cask" I move to strike out "twelve" and
insert " ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to add the following:
That the paragraph of section five of an act entitled
"An act to increase duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved Juno 30, 1864, us follows, to wit:
"On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist, wool, or other
manufactured cloth woven or made in patterns of
such size, shape, and form, or cut in such manner as
to be fit for shoes, slippers, bootees, gaiters, and but-
tons exclusively, not combined wiih India-rubber,
ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say that I think
the perseverance of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts deserves success, and I make no
point of order.
Mr. UPSON. I make the point of order
that it is not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I perceive this is a mis-
cellaneous section. I do not see why anything
under Heaven cannot be introduced if this be
in order. If members only understood the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts I am sure they would not object to it.
• It will bring in more money than it will take
out. These goods are taken across in the piece
and cut into patterns and then brought back
again only liable to ten per cent. duty.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order, that
this debate is not in order.
Mr. MO RRILL. If this is not in order then
the section is not in order.
Mr. ALLEY. Does the Chair decide my
amendment to be out of order?
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChairhassodecided.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not offer it until I had
consulted several of the best parliamentarians
in this House, and they told me it was in order.
I take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDouald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and that it
asked for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Harris, and Mr.
Nesmith managers of said conference on its
part.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HILL. I move to strike out the pend-
ing section. This is no part of a deficiency
appropriation bill, but properly belongs to a
tariff bill.
Mr. KASSON. The section is properly in
the bill, and the point of order could only be
taken when the bill was introduced. It is prop-
erly here in the deficiency bill. It is to com-
plete the service for this fiscal year by adjust-
ing the amount in the manner proposed. A
precedent has been set in another case, which
1 can cite if necessary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out
these words:
And the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to adjust and refund
to the proprietors of the Liverpool, New York, and
Philadelphia steamship line the amountof theduties
paid by them on foreign coals which were consigned
exclusively for the use of theirsteamsliips, and were
never delivered on shore in the United States, but
were transhipped in harbor, on board said steam-
ships, and actually consumed by them without the
United States and on the high seas: and the requisite
amount is hereby appropriated therefor.
I know not how old that company is, but I
suppose this will go back to its beginning. I
would like to have what seems to be a job put
in here after this other matter is struck out. It
seems that we are to pay back to this com-
pany all the duties paid by them upon coal.
It does not say how much. We have no report
of the facts. This steamship comes here by
its agent and goes around loose, in the com-
mittee-room and elsewhere, and now we find
this appropriation inserted in this bill in viola-
tion of the rules of the House. It is a claim
that ought to have been referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. It is to the honor of the
chairman that every rotten claim dodges his
committee and seeks lodgment in some mis-
cellaneous bill. I hope this claim will be
stricken out and referred to the proper com-
mittee for investigation.
Mr. KASSON. I was not surprised at llie
gentleman's objection when I recollected that
duty on coal was involved here, but I assure
him, as his colleague from Pennsylvania is
chairman of that committee, this did not pass
without critical examination. The facts are
simple and clear. This company was estab-
lished in competition with the British steam-
ers, which have been sustained by a subsidy.
At first they started with British engines, and
some place, I do not know whether they call
it flue or furnace, which required coal to give
a high flame, and for that purpose they used
Welsh coal, as did the Cunard line. They
subsequently found that this was a trouble-
some and expensive business, the importation
of this foreign coal, and they determined to
abandon it. They were therefore put" to the
expense of changing entirely their engines or
furnaces, or whatever you may call them, and
of fitting them for the use of American coal;
but they made that change, and they have been
for two or three years, and they now are, using
furnaces to which Pennsylvania coal* is sup-
plied and in which none other than Pennsyl-
vania coal is consumed, as was clearly shown
to the committee by the evidence -aipon that
subject. The claim in this case is the same
as the claim that was made by the Cunard
line.
Now, as to the necessity for this legislation.
Our revenue laws require when goods are im-
ported for reimportation that bonds shall be
given ; and if it be afterward shown that they
have been exported, and the fact of their arrival
at some foreign port be shown by the certifi-
cate of the American consul at that port, then
the duties are refunded. But in this case they
were unable to produce the coals at Liverpool
because they had been consumed on the voy-
age ; and consequently they were unable to
produce the certificate of the American consul
there as in the Cunard case. The Cunard line
gave bonds, and they were released from those
bonds by an act of Congress upon establishing
the facts in the case.. Now, it is only proposed
to deal with this unsubsidized lirre upon the
same terms with the Cunard line; and I think
it is a fair case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out the last paragraph, the words,
" and the requisite amount is hereby appro-
propriated therefor;" and I ask to have read
at the Clerk's desk Rule 120 t-f the House.
The Clerk read the rule as follows:
"120. No appropriation shall be reported in such
general appropriation bills, or be in order as an
amendment thereto, for any expenditure not previ-
ously authorized by law, unless in continuation of
appropriations for such public works and objects
as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the soven.1 departments of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. MAYNARD. Now, Mr. Chairman, this
proposition that has been introduced here is in
utter defiance of that rule, a rule which liar
been established and recognized as a ru'.e of
this House for thirty years.
This is simply a private claim which comes
here without any report, without any evidence
to sustain it, and which is crowded iut} this
bill in utter defiance of the rules of the House
and its established modes of doing business.
I protest against any such proposition being
forced upon us in this way. What evidence
have we that it is right ? None whatever, no
witness called, no documentary evidence pro-
duced, not even a statement of the amount
that we are required to appropriate. It is all
guess work, mere blind guess work. We are
told that it is to help a rival to the Cunard
line. Then refer it ■ to your Committee on
Postal Affairs and let them examine it. Or if
it is merely a claim arising out of the dealings
of these parties with the Government then
refer it to the Committee of Claims and let
them report it upon the evidence adduced before
them. This whole section is wrong. It has no
business here. Under the well-settled rules
of this House it ought not be permitted to
stay here one moment; and I trust that the
House will give force and effect to its own laws
by erasing it. Then, if there is any virtue Qr
merit in the claim, let it come in at the front
door, where it rfught to come in, and not as it
now comes, sneaking in at the back door and
through a very small hole at that. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of taking action upon
the conference report in reference to the tax
bill. It is very important that this bill should
go to the Clerks so that they may be able to
engross it. I think we can dispose of it in ten
minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us do it.
Mr. KASSON. Before that motion is put
I deem it my right to be permitted to answer
the observation of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] in reference to this
claim. He says that it was brought in here in
violation of a rule of the House. That gentle-
man certainly knows very well that there is
hardly ever a regular appropriation bill brought
into the House in which there are not such
items as this; and in all such cases, if any gen-
tleman desires to reserve the point of order, he
does it at the time the bill is introduced, and
before it goes to the committee. It is inevita-
ble, in the course of legislation, that new cases
shall continue to be presented even up to the
time of the passage of the last bill. We have
habitually taken notice of such cases; and pro-
tests have been made merely as a species of
side debate, without reference to the real mer-
its of the cases presented. If the gentleman
from Tennessee had made his point at the time
the bill was introduced, that it was entirely new
legislation, and not, as I claim, an appropria-
tion to provide for a deficiency, then his point
would have been in order. But as it is, the
case is properly before the committee, and I
only ask that it shall be decided upon its
merits.
Mr. MILLER. Can the gentleman state
when this claim accrued?
Mr. KASSON. It accrued, I think, in 1S62
or 1863.
Mr. MILLER. What is the amount of it?
Mr. KASSON. I cannot tell that exactly;
but no great amount. The amount is not yet
adjusted; the law provides that it is to bo
adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment. I wish to make an
inquiry.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The first six lines of this
section provide for levying a little tax of ten
cents a cask upon casks that have been taken
out of bond—casks first put in bond for export-
ation and then taken out. That, I suppose,
is for handling the casks. But what I want
to know is, why this matter and the claim of
this company are put together in the same sea-
