1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
watchman at the Treasury Department shall, from
the 1st day of July, 1867, receive a compensation of
ยง900 per annum; and an amount sufficient to pay said
increased compensation for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1868, is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enactcd, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized, to appoint in the office
of the Commissioner of Pensions, in addition to the
clerks now authorized in said office, twenty-eight
clerks of class one, twenty-four clerks of class two,
sixteen of class three, and ten of class four; said clerk-
ships to expire at the end of two years; and a sum
sufficient to pay the salaries of said clerks from the
date of their appointment to the 30th of June, 1867,
and for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1868, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
If any explanation is needed, I will say that
this amendment provides for nearly eighty more
clerks in the Pension Office; and 1 have a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
a letter from the Commissioner of Pensions, in
which that officer states that it will be impossi-
ble for him to get along, so great is the increase
of business there, unless he has these additional
clerks. The committee were satisfied of the
truth of the statement. I will have the letters
read if any Senator desires to hear them.
["No!" "No!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On page 45, lino one
thousand and ninety-one, after the word "dol-
lars," I move to insert:
And in case said court shall in any year direct
said reporter to publish a second volume of its decis-
ions, $1,500 in addition thereto, to be paid on the
delivery by said reporter to the Secretary of the In-
terior for distribution, according to existing laws, of
three hundred copies of such second volume."
The appropriation of $2,500 as a salary for
the reporter of the Supreme Court contemplates
the publication of one volume of the reports of
decisions, and the delivery of three hundred
copies to the Secretary of the Interior for dis-
tribution. It has sometimes happened in former
years that the court has directed two volumes
to be published, and in such eases an addi-
tional appropriation has always been made.
This year it is in contemplation to publish two
volumes. The reporter addressed the Secre-
tary of the Interior upon the subject, and that
officer sent us a communication, recommend-
ing an appropriation of $2,500; but the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which considered this
subject, thought $1,500 would be sufficient.
The $2,500 is paid to the reporter -for three
hundred copies of its reports. That is more
than the three hundred copies are worth in the
market, but it is intended as a sort of salary to
the reporter, and to make up to him a sufficient
compensation for getting out the reports, there
being no very large sales of the reports, and
there being a necessity that they should be
published; but the committee thought if a sec-
ond volume was to be published in any year,
$1,500 should be enough for three hundred
copies of that volume, which is about the mar-
ket price, five dollars a volume, and they report
this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In line one thousand and
eighty-two I move to strike out "tenth" and
insert "ninth;" so as to read: "for traveling
expenses of the judge assigned to the ninth
circuit;" &c., and then to add to the clause :
And where an allowancehasbp.cn made or shall
hereafter be made for traveling or other expenses of
any justice allotted to a circuit embracing particular
.districts, such allowance shall not bo affected by any
change in the number of the circuits, but shall be
made to the justice within whose circuit such districts
are included.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When we make the
appropriation we can always designate the
proper circuit.
Mr. STEWART. It might as well bo pro-
vided for in this general language. There is a
difficulty about the appropriation of last year
because of the number of the circuit having
been changed. This is to cover that.
Mr. FESSENDEiST. I should like to have
the question put separately. The first part
of the amendment I have no objection to j the
second I object to.
Mr. STEWART. Very well, I withdraw
the last part, and move simply to strike out
"tenth" and insert "ninth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to propose the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line one
thousand and eighty-five, on page 45 :
And be it further enacted, Thatthe salariesof the dis-
trict judge of the district of California shall be$5,000:
and the salaries of the district judges of thedistictsof
Massachusetts, southern and eastern districts of New
York, eastern district of Pennsylvania, Maryland,
northern district of Illinois, Louisiana, Oregon, and
Nevada shall be $4,500 each; and the salary of every
other district shall be $4,000; and such salaries shall
be in full compensation for all official services per-
formed by such judges, and-no other allowance or
payment shall be made to them for traveling expenses
or otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator had bet-
ter propose that as an additional section at the
end of the bill. He cannot interpose an enact-
ing clause in that way in the middle of a section.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to
having it eome in as an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy. ) The amendment will be put in that
form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that
there ought to be an increase of the salaries of
some of the judges; but I think from hearing
the amendment read that it puts some of them
too high, more than I should be willing to agree
to. I should like to know on what principle
the amendment is predicated? It doubles the
salaries of the district judges in Now England,
or most of them. It doubles the salaries of
the district judges in Vermont, Maine, New
Hampshire, and Rhode Island, who now re-
ceive but $2,000 each.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it cuts off what
they now receive for going into other districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not get much
in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The district judge of
Vermont goes very often to New York to hold
court there.
Mr. POLAND. This subject was brought
before the Judiciary Committee at the last
session, and very considerable examination
was made with a view to get at the proper sums
which should be fixed as the salaries of the
district judges, and to equalize as well as wo
could the salaries among them. They were
quite unequal as we found them, and generally
insufficient. The very highest salary named
in this amendment is for the judge in the Cali-
fornia district. That is not raised by this
amendment. It was fixed at $5,000 when that
district was established, and it has so remained
since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought that had
been increased to $6,000.
Mr. POLAND. No; it stands at $5,000
now.
Mr. CONNESS. It has not been increased.
Mr. POLAND. We selected some seven or
eight of the important districts, the heavier
districts, and put them in the $4,500 class.
This class includes the district of Massachu-
setts, which embraces the whole of the State,
with the large commercial city of Boston ; the
New York city districts, the eastern district of
Pennsylvania, which includes the city of Phil-
adelphia; the Maryland district, which in-
cludes the city of Baltimore; and the district
of Louisiana, including New Orleans ; and we
leave in this class the districts of Nevada and
Oregon, where the judges now get $*1,500. In
New England, as the Senator from Maine has
said, the salary of each of the district judges
is $2 ,000, except in the Massachusetts district,
where it is $3,000. The salaries were fixed at
this sum many years ago, at a time when $2,000
was really a better salary, furnished more of
the means of living, than the salary of $4,000
that we now propose. The Senator from
Maine knows very well, as every body knows,
that the expenses of living since the day when
those salaries were fixed at $2,000 have more
than doubled and especially where a man's
duties, like those of a judge, call him from
home, where he is subjected to traveling and
hotel expenses, the necessary expenditures
have very much more than doubled in' that
period of time.
More than this, the business in the district
courts has very largely increased everywhere.
Since the adoption of the system of internal
taxation all cases which arise under it go into
the district courts. The very large increase in
the duties on imports has caused a great many
cases to arise under our laws in relation to im-
portations. All that class of cases go into the
district courts. Then there are a great many
eases growing out of the operations of the late
war, all of which go into the district courts.
The business of those courts has very largely
increased. I know in reference to my own State
that the business of the district judge is more
than ten times as much as it was ten years ago.
There is a very considerable difference in the
size of the districts and in the amount of busi-
ness in the districts: but a law which has been
in force for a considerable number of years
provides that the judge of one district may be
called upon to go into another district where
the business is too heavy for the single judge
of the district, and hold there a district court
and a circuit court; and it is well known to
members of the legal profession, at least in my
section of the country, that until the establish-
ment of the eastern or Long Island district, in
New York, and the creation of a new judge
there, which was really intended to help the
business in New York city, a large portion of
the business of the district and circuit courts
in Now York city was done by the district
udge of Vermont and the district judge of Con-
necticut. It was also provided in connection
with that law that these judges should be paid
their expenses for attending court there in
that way. I believe that by this amendment
we shall not add very much to the pay that the
Vermont and Connecticut judges receive, with
their present salaries and their expenses while
holding court in New York which arc allowed
under the present law. We intended to fix the
salaries at a sum that shall be sufficient without
having any provision made for the payment of
expenses, and we have therefore added a clause
that no other compensation shall be made to
them except that made as a salary.
Without taking any more time on the sub-
ject I will simply say that I believe we have
approached as near a just equalization of these
salaries among the judges as can be made, and
that the sums we have fixed arc not more than
the judges ought to receive.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment is_ to
be adopted, I desire to amend it by inserting
"the southern district of Ohio" after "the
northern district of Illinois." The judgeship
of that district is, I am told, the most laborious
office of the West. The court is hold at Cin-
cinnati, the largest city in the West, and having
the largest commercial transactions. If the
increase is to be made, I desire that the $4,500
class shall include the southern district of
Ohio, and I move so to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. POLAND. I apprehend that if we vary
from the sums that the committee lias fixed
upon as proper there will be no end to it. My
friend from New Jersey has been laboring with
the committee with great earnestness and with
great sincerity, I have no doubt, to have this
highest class of salary reach the district judge
in New Jersey. He says it is no more than
right and just that he should have it, that he is
a very industrious man, and works the entire
year through. Precisely the same thing has
been said to me by at least half a dozen gen-
tlemen in the Senate in reference to the dis-
trict judges in their own States. I think that
there is very great danger if we undertake to
depart from what the committee have settled
upon after a good deal of deliberation and ex-
amination. If we vary this we shall have a
very considerable job before us, and 1 think
