304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
was created by the people. Forthis important
purpose it was ceded to the United States by
Maryland and Virginia, and it certainly never
could have been contemplated, a& one of the
objects to be attained by placing it under the
exclusive jurisdiction of Congress^ that it would
afford to propagandists or political parties a
place for an experimental test of their princi-
ples and theories. While, indeed, the res-
idents of the seat of Government are not
citizens of any State, and are not therefore
allowed a voice in the Electoral College or rep-
resentation in the councils of the nation, they
are nevertheless American citizens, entitled as
such to every guarantee of the Constitution, to
every benefit of the laws, and to every right
which pertains to citizens of our common
country. In all matters, then, affecting their
domestic affairs, the spirit of our democratic
form of Government demands that their wishes
should be consulted and respected, and they
taught to feel that, although not permitted
practically to participate in national concerns,
they are nevertheless under a paternal Gov-
ernment, regardful of their rights, mindful^ of
their wants, and solicitous for their prosperity.
It was evidently contemplated that all local
questions would'"be left to their decision, at
least to an extent that would not be incompat-
ible with the object for which Congress was
granted exclusive legislation over the seat of
Government. When the Constitution was yet
under consideration it was assumed by Mr.
Madison that its inhabitants would be allowed
"a municipal Legislature, for local purposes,
derived from their own suffrages." When for
the first time Congress, in the year 1800, as-
sembled at Washington, President Adams, in
his speech at its opening, reminded the two
Houses that it was forthem to consider whether
the local powers over the District of Columbia,
vested by the Constitution in the Congress of
the United States, should be immediately exer-
cised, and he asked them to "consider it as
the capital of a great nation, advancing with
unexampled rapidity in arts, in commerce, in
wealth, andin population, and possessing within
itself those resources which, if not thrown
away or lamentably misdirected, would secure
to it a long course of prosperity and self-gov-
ernment." Three years had not elapsed when
Congress was called upon to determine the
propriety of retroceding to Maryland and Vir-
ginia the jurisdiction of th<5 territory which
they had, respectively, relinquished to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
It was urged, on the one hand, that exclu-
sive jurisdiction was not necessary or -useful
to the Government; that it deprived the inhab-
itants of the District of their political rights;
that much of the time of Congress was con-
sumed in legislation pertaining to it; that its
government was expensive; that Congress was
not competent to legislate for the District, be-
cause the members were strangers to its local
concerns; and that it was an example of a
government without representation — an ex-
periment dangerous to the liberties of the
States. On^,he other hand, it was held, among
other reasons, and successfully, that the Con-
stitution, the acts of cession of Virginia and
Maryland, and the act of Congress accepting
the grant, all contemplated the exercise of
exclusive legislation by Congress, and that its
usefulness, if not its necessity, was inferred
from the inconvenience which was felt for want
of it by the Congress of the Confederation;
that the people themselves, who it was said
had been deprived of their political rights, had
not complained and did not desire a retroces-
sion ; that the evil might be remedied by giv
ing them a representation in Congress when
the District should become sufficiently popu-
lous, and in the mean time a local Legislature;
that if the inhabitants had not political rights
they had great political influence; that the
trouble and expense of legislating for the Dis-
trict would not be great but would dimmish, and
might in a great measure be avoided by a local
Legislature; and that Congress could not retro-
cede the inhabitants without their consent.
Continuing to live substantially under the laws
that existed at the time of the cession, and
such changes only having been made as were
suggested by themselves, the people of the Dis-
trict have not sought, by a local Legislature,
that which has generally been willingly con-
ceded by the Congress of the nation.
As a general rule, sound policy requires that
the Legislature should yield to the wishes of a
people, when not inconsistent with the Consti-
tution ,and the laws. The measures suited to
one community might not be well adapted to
the condition of another; and the persons best
qualified to determine such questions are those
whose interests are to be directly affected by
any proposed law. In Massachusetts, for in-
stance, male persons are allowed to vote with-
out regard to color, provided they posesss a
certain degree of intelligence. In a population
in that State of 1,231,066, there were, by the
census of 1860, only 9,602 persons of color;
and of the males over twenty years of age, there
were 339,086 white to 2,602 colored. By. the
same official enumeration there were in the
District of Columbia 60,764 whites to 14,316
persons of the colored race. Since then, how-
ever, the population of the District has largely
increased, and it is estimated that at the present
time there are nearly 100,000 whites to 80,000
negroes. The cause of the augmented numbers
of the latter class needs no explanation. Con-
tiguous to Maryland and Virginia, the District,
during the war, became a place of refuge for those
who escaped from servitude, and it is yet the abid-
iag place of a considerable proportion of those
who sought within its limits a shelter from bond-
age. Until then held in slavery, and denied
all opportunities for mental culture, their first
knowledge of the Government was acquired
when, by conferring upon them freedom, it be-
came the benefactor of their race; the test of
their capability for improvement began, when,
for the first time the career of free industry and
the avenues to intelligence were opened to them.
Possessing these advantages but a limited time—
the greater number perhaps having entered the
District of Columbia during the later years of the
war or since its termination—we may well pause
to inquire whether, after so brief a probation,
they are as a class capable of an intelligent exer-
cise of the right of suffrage, and qualified to dis-
charge the duties of official position.^ The peo-
ple who are daily witnesses of their mode of
living, and wholiave become familiar with their
habits of thought, have expressed the convic-
tion that they are not yet competent to serve as
electors, and thus become eligible for office in
the local governments under which they live.
Clothed with the elective franchise, their num-
bers, already largely in excess of the demand
for labor, would be soon increased by an influx
from the adjoining States. Drawn from fields
where employment is abundant, they would in
vain seek it here, and so add to the embarrass-
ments already experienced from the large class
of idle persons congregated in the District.
Hardly yet capable of forming^ correct judg-
ments upon the important questions that often
make the issues of a political contest, they could
readily be made subservient to the purposes of
designing persons.
While in Massachusetts, under the census of
1860, the proportion of white to colored males
over twenty years of age was one hundred and
thirty to one, here the black race constitutes
nearly one third of the entire population, while
the same class surrounds the District on all
sides, ready to change their residence at a mo-
ment's notice, and with all the facility of a
nomadic people, in order to enjoy here, after
a short residence, a privilege they find no-
where else. It, is within their power, in one
year, to come into the District in such num-
bers as to haye the supreme control of the
white race, and to govern them by their own
officers, and by the exercise of all the muni-
cipal authority—among the rest, of the power
of taxation over property in which they have
no interest. In Massachusetts, where they
have enjoyed the benefits of a thorough edu-
cational system, a qualification of intelligence
is required, while here suffrage is extended to
all, without discrimination, as well to the most
incapable, who can prove a residence in the
District of one year, as to those persons of
color, who, comparatively few in number, are
permanent inhabitants, and having given evi-
dence of merit and qualification, are recognized
as useful and responsible members of the com-
munity. Imposed upon an unwilling people,
placed, by the Constitution, under the exclu-
sive legislation of Congress, it would be viewed
as an arbitrary exercise of power, and as ail
indication by the country of the purpose of
Congress to compel the acceptance of negro
suffrage by th,e States. It would engender a
feeling of opposition and hatred between the
two races, which, becoming deep-rooted and
ineradicable, would prevent them from living
together in a state of mutual friendliness. Care-
fully avoiding every measure that might tend to
produce such a result, and following the clear
and well-ascertained popular will, we should
assiduously endeavor to promote kindly rela-
tions between them, and thus, when that pop-
ular will leads the way, prepare for the gradual
and harmonious introduction of this new ele-
ment into the political power of the country.
It cannot be urged that the proposed exten-
sion of suffrage in the District of Columbia is
necessary to enable persons of color to protect
either their interests or their rights. They
stand here precisely as they stand in Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, and Indiana. Here, as else-
where, in all that pertains to civil rights, there
is nothing to distinguish this class of persons
from citizens of the United States; for they
possess the "full and equal benefit of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and
property as is enjoyed by white citizens," and
are made " subject to like punishment, pains,
and penalties, and to none other, any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to
the contrary notwithstanding." Nor, as has
been assumed, are their suffrages necessary
to aid a loyal sentiment here ; for local gov-
ernments already exist of undoubted fealty to
the Government, and are sustained by com-
munities which were among the first to testify
their devotion to the Union, and which during
the struggle furnished their full quotas of men
to the military service of the country. _
The exercise of the elective franchise is the
highest attribute of an American citizen, and,
when guided by virtue, intelligence, patriotism,
and a proper appreciation of our institutions,
constitutes the true basis of a democratic form
of government, in which the sovereign power
is lodged in the body of the people. Its influ-
ence for good necessarily depends upon the
elevated character and patriotism of the elector,
for if exercised by persons who do not justly
estimate its value and who are indifferent to
its results, it will only serve as a mean's of
placing power in the hands of the unprincipled
and ambitious, and must eventuate in the
complete destruction of that liberty of which
it should be the most powerful conservator.
Great danger is therefore to be apprehended
from an untimely extension of the elective fran-
chise to any new class in our country, especially
when the large majority of that class, in wieldijig
the power thus placed in their hands, cannot be
expected correctly to comprehend the duties
and responsibilities which pertain to suffrage.
Yesterday, as it were, four million persons
were held in a condition of slavery that had
existed for generations ; to-day they are free-
men, and are assumed by law to be citizens.
It cannot be presumed, from their previous
condition of servitude, that, as a class, they are
as well informed as to to the nature of our Gov-
ernment as the intelligent foreigner who makes
our land the home of his choice. In the case
of the latter, neither a residence of five years,
and the knowledge of our institutions which it
gives, nor attachment to the principles of the
Constitution, are the only conditions upon
which he can be admitted to citizenship, tie
must prove, in addition, a good moral charac-
ter, and thus give reasonable ground lor the
belief that he will be faithful to the obligations
