1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
mind and his whole time, so far as needed, as
far as the business requires, to the duties of a
judge. I think the amendment ought to be
adopted. I wish it were in order for me to
add to the list of those who are to receive
$4,500 the judge of the district of Connec-
ticut, whose time is wholly occupied, an ex-
tremely able lawyer, not inferior to any man in
the State. I should be glad to move to raise
his salary to §4,500, but it is not in order to
do so, and I will rest contented with $4,000,
which it is proposed to give him. I shall vote
for it most cheerfully.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall get to a
vote on this proposition at some time. I know
when lawyers get clients they Squeeze them,
and I am afraid the Treasury will come out
squeezed, and I am anxious to get through
with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I was obliged to correct the
statement of the Senator from Illinois to the
effect that I had given notice of a purpose to
move to raise the salary of the district judge
in Wisconsin—to correct it because he misun-
derstood me. The remark I made was made
aside to the Senator from Michigan and had
reference to a different district; but while I
did not give notice of any such purpose, I must
not be understood as intimating that I do not
appreciate the services of the district judge for
the district of Wisconsin. There is but one
district in that State, and the State has one
very large commercial port, the city of Mil-
waukee. lie is obliged to hold court not only
there but at the capital of the State, involving
the necessity of some considerable travel.
I should not feel called upon, however, to
move to increase his salary beyond that pro-
posed by the committee even if the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio were
adopted. I am inclined to think the judge of
that court would think the salary recommended
by the committee satisfactory. It is as high
and really higher than we pay the judges of the
State. Nevertheless there is a very large
amount of business transacted in that court,
and the judge I am bound to say devotes him-
self to the business of the court most assidu-
ously, industriously, and is a very able lawyer.
I do not know that the business of the southern
district of Ohio is not greater than that of the
whole State of Wisconsin; it would surprise
me, however, to be informed that it was as
great as that embraced in the district of Wis-
consin. Tl^ere have been before the Senate
the records establishing what is the relative
amount of business done in the different dis-
tricts, and my recollection is that the southern's
district of Ohio did not rank as high as the
district of Wisconsin, but I will not undertake
to speak positively on that point.
Mr. SHE14-MAN. 1 had a memorandum
which was furnished me by the district attor-
ney of the number of eases, and my impression
is that the number of cases on the docket was
over six hundred ; but T would not speak pos-
itively. I know the judge is constantly em-
ployed.
Mr. HOWE. I have only a very general
recollection as to what was the relative amount
of business.
Mr. SHERMAN. And I will state to my
friend that the district contains over a million
and a half of people, which although not a
precise indication is one indication of the
amount of business. It includes all the State
of Ohio south of a certain line. 3
Mr. HOWE, It is a very uncertain indica-
tion, as the Senator will admit, of the amount
of business done in the court. The commerce
down the Ohio river I suppose is not as great
as that on the lakes by any manner of means,
but that furnishes a large amount of the busi-
ness. Probably the business connected with
the collection of the internal revenue in the
southern district of Ohio would equal that of
the district of Wisconsin. If it should be con-
ceded by the Senate that $4,-500 is not too much
for the judge of the southern district of Ohio,
and if the proof shall show that the business
transacted in that court is not greater than
that in the district of Wisconsin, of course, as
a matter of justice, I shall be compelled to ask
that the salary there be equalized.
Mr. WADE. I do not exactly understand
why these salaries should bo graduated upon
the principle of the amount of business a judge
has_ to do. The judges arc placed in their
positions to do all the business that is to be
done, and the smallest district I presume will
take all the time the judge has. lie can engage
in no other business. 1 suppose that if a judge
is what he ought to be, industrious, he will not
think it any hardship that he has to decide a
greater or less number of cases. He is a Gov-
ernment agent to perform all the business that
comes before him. If you are to graduate the
salaries of judges upon the number of cases
they decide, why not bring in their dockets and
see how jnuch each of them has to do ? I do
not think it is a reasonable principle. A man's
entire time must be occupied when he takes
upon himself the office of a judge. Everybody
knows that he can do nothing else. He will
want as much to cat and drink and wear if ho
has but few cases before him as though he had
ever so many. I think that is not a criterion
for us to be guided by, and hence we should
not be inquiring and endeavoring to find out
whether one judge has a case or two more or
less than another in order to ascertain whether
you will increase his salary or not. If in
general the judges' salaries are not enough,
increase them and make them right; but let
us not spend much time in ascertaining which
judge has the most or which the least business
to do. Wo do not graduate our own salaries
on that consideration. Some of us do a great
deal more business than others, and some a
great deal less than others, but the latter class
would hardly consent to take any less for their
services.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not at the meet-
ing of the committee at the time this was de-
cided upon, or I think I should have insisted
upon the southern district of Ohio being in-
cluded within the $4,500 class. I know some-
thing about the business of that court, and I
think that if it is proper to increase the salary
at Chicago and some other points to $4,500
the judge of the southern district of Ohio ought
to be included within the list. Cincinnati is a
city of very large commerce. A great deal of
business is done upon the rivers coming from
Kentucky, Indiana, and Ohio, and the class
of business that is likely to go into the United
States courts is very large at that point.
I do not agree with the Senator from Ohio
who has justaddressed the Senate, [Mr. Waiie,]
that there is no difference between the ease of
a man who holds court for ten days every six
months and one who is constantly occupied in
the investigation of very weighty causes the
whole year round. I think the service done
to the public in the two cases is very different.
To be sure both have to live; but men are
compensated according to the responsibility of
their position. We pay some of the heads of
bureaus in this city $6,000—Ibolieve the Treas-
urer gets that much—some others $5,500, while
others get but $3,500. The reason is because
of the enormous labor and responsibility thrown
upon some as compared with others.
Judge Leavitt at Cincinnati is called upon to
try very important causes indeed. I was at
Cincinnati upon legal business just before I
came to the Senate, and he then was engaged
in a cause which had occupied four weeks; the
very ablest counsel of the city were employed
in it. That is but one of a great many causes,
and it was most complicated, requiring great
care and labor. I know that he has many
causes of that sort. It is not like the districts
that are altogether agricultural. In agricult-
ural districts there is very little business nat-
urally going into the United States courts.
Business goes into those courts at points where
there are commercial relations with other
States and where the contracts are between
men of different States. There is a great deal
of that sort of business at Cincinnati. I do
not know that it is equal to that at Chicago
entirely, but I should think very nearly so,
because Chicago has a business reaching into
Iowa and Wisconsin, while the commerce of
Cincinnati extends into Indiana, Kentucky,
and Tennessee, in addition to her business
connection with the eastern States and cities.
It is certainly right, if we increase any of these
salaries to $4,500, then the judge at Cincin-
nati should be included, and if I had been at
the meeting of the committee when this ques-
tion was decided I think I should have in-
sisted on putting him in that class.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have long been of
opinion that the salaries of the district judges
ought to be increased. I have been of that
opinion from my own observation in New Eng-
land and from what I have heard from others.
When I was a student at law in the city of Port-
land, where I reside, the judge of the United
States for the district of Maine received a
salary of $1,000 a year. That was the salary
then fixed by law. He went on so for several
years. After some years his salary was
increased to $1,800. He was a gentleman of
a great deal of learning and a great deal of
humor. I remember that the year when his
salary was thus increased somebody was say-
ing that Congress had done nothing that was
worthy of note, and he remarked that it was
the best Congress he hadlcnown anything about
for a great many years, because they had passed
one admirable law, and that was the one increas-
ing his salary. Afterward, when I was a mem-
ber of Congress, I found that the salaries of
judges in different places were being increased,
and I moved an addition of $200 to tho sal-
ary of the judge of the district of Maine and
it was placed at $2,000, and that I believe was
then done throughout New England. He was
a man of admirable habits, of the highest char-
acter, and the highest learning. His admiralty
decisions are a text-book throughout the Union
and arc woll known in Europe. Judge Stoiy
said of him that he was the best admiralty law-
yer in the world. He held the office until last
year, when he resigned it. He had been talk-
ing of resigning for several years. I remarked
that he was a man of simple habits, an econom-
ical man ; and he had not a large family—only
two or three children. But he held the office
for several years after he wished to resign;
ho was eighty-two and quite deaf, though he
retained his intellect remarkably well, and he
told me that he felt it to be his duty to the
country to resign, and the only reason why
he did not was that he did not know how lie
should live after he did resign, for he had not
been able to save enough income to pay the
expenses of his family. A sense of duty to the
public in his advanced age at last compelled
him to resign.
I thought of taking the office myself when he
resigned, but nobody seemed to recommend
mo for it; nobody in the State seemed to think
I was the man for that place. I thought that,
with what I had, I could get on with $2,000
salary ; but as nobody spoke of me or thought
of appointing me to the place I said nothing
about it, and a gentleman was appointed whose
income from liis profession was certainly not
less than $10,000 a year, who had the highest
rank in tho profession, but who thought he
would like to retire from the care of a large
practice. He has held tho office something less
than a year, and he sent me word the other day
by a friend who was writing to me that if 1 was
ready to take his office I was welcome to it at
any time, for he could not live on it, and any-
body might have it from him.
It is true the salaries ought to be raised. I
thought, however, when this amendment was
read that the salaries proposed were put too
high. I should not have struck so high a fig-
ure as the Judiciary Committee have; but I
would not undertake to interpose my opinion
in many eases against theirs. It may be, as
has been intimated, that instead of being too
high tliey are not high enough in some cases.
It does strike me that a man who is fit to^be a
judge of the district court of the United^ States
and to do all the business that is done in that
