1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1745
The official to whom this acknowledgment
is tendered was summoned to the discharge of
delicate and responsible duties, at a time when
all the circumstances surrounding the position
assigned him required the exercise of uncom-
mon prudence and discretion to enable him to
fill his allotted place with credit to himself and
to the satisfaction of the House and country.
There had been organized an unhallowed
conspiracy against the peace and unity of our
people and Government. The war incident to
this assault upon our institutions, the unalter-
able determination of those who loved the
Union to preserve and maintain it at every
cost, the diversity of sentiment as to the mode
of prosecuting and as to the ultimate purposes
and results of the war, had aroused constitu-
encies and Representatives alike to the high-
est pitch of mental excitement; and at such a
time it was surely no light task to hold the
scales of legislative justice in the Represent-
ative body so evenly that while the majority
should certainly realize all the facilities and
advantages their preponderance of numbers
entitled them to, the minority could have no
cause to complain of oppression or neglect.
I take pleasure in expressing the personal
conviction, and such I believe to be the unani-
mous sentiment of this body, that the subject of
the resolution just read, and of these remarks,
has succeeded in no ordinary degree in discharg-
ing the delicate duties referred to in such manner
as to justify the warmest expressions of com-
mendation and gratitude; and in uniting with
those with whom I have been so pleasantly
associated for the two years' term just closing,
in this vote of thanks I do not hesitate to say
that, in my judgment, the tribute we are about
to pay has rarely, if ever, been better deserved.
Many of those who are honored with seats
in the present Congress will, with its close,
retire from public life, and we shall not be
associated longer with the Speaker in his fu-
ture legislative career as a member of this
House; but I feel that I express the common
sentiment of all such in saying that the urban-
ity and gentleness of his manners, his kindness
of heart, and his justice and fairness as a Pre-
siding Officer, have so far secured him our
friendship, affection, and confidence that we
shall contemplate his future history as a states-
man and a private citizen with no common
interest; and that our best wishes for his hap-
piness, prosperity, and success will follow him
through life wheresoever his lot may be cast.
That those who differ so widely and vitally
from the Speaker upon public questions feel it
due to him that the sentiments of grateful re-
gard, embodied in the resolution just offered,
• should be so willingly and cheerfully expressed,
teaches this useful lesson: that diversity of
political sentiment does not necessarily, and
should not as a matter of fact, interrupt the
friendly relations which ought to exist between
those who are engaged here in the work of
national legislation. It has not been found
essential to the preservation of amicable rela-
tions between the Presiding Officer and his
political opponents upon this floor that there
should be on either hand any surrender of
the most perfect independence of political
thought and action; and if the same courtesy
in the expression of antagonistic sentiments
shall be observed in the bearing of members
toward each other, there will be no occur-
rences here the retrospect of which will mar
the satisfaction with which in after life we
shall look back upon our association here as
legislators for our country during this eventful
period of her history. [Applause in the House
and galleries.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise for the purpose of
supporting the resolution, and to suggest that,
in order to make a more formal expression of
our opinion, the vote be taken by yeas and
nays. [Cries of "No!"]
A Member. Let us have a rising vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I accept the amendment.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was unanimously adopted, every member rising
to vote in the affirmative.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 110.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed over the President's
veto the bill for the more efficient government
of the rebel States.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to present to the Secretary of State the bill entitled
" An act to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," together with the certificates of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the
Secretary of the Senate, showing that the said act
was passed by a vote of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress, after the same had been returned to the
House of Representatives by the President with his
objections, and after the reconsideration of said act
by both Houses of Congress in accordance with the
Constitution.
deficiency bill again.
Mr. STEVENS moved all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tha Union
on the deficiency bill be closed in one minute
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
I The motion was agreed to.
| The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the deficiency
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The amendments of Mr. Scofield and Mr.
Hill were disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the second
section of an act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government, approved April
7,1866, is hereby so amended as to authorize and re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the con-
tractors, Butler & Carpenter, the sum of $20,000, in
full of all their claims for indemnity therein re-
ferred to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out
that section for the purpose of hearing from
the committee some explanation of the matter
contained in it.
Mr. DAVIS. _ Mr. Chairman, I have been
tracing out the history of this provision. I find
that in 1863 it appeared that this firm had been
contractors with the Government for furnishing
certain stamps or dies, and the following pro-
vision was enacted:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to allow to Butler & Carpenter, contractors
for engraving internal revenue stamps, thirty per
cent, of the cost of engraving special dies for that
purpose, but not exceeding the amountof $20,000."
That was simply authority for the Secretary
of the Treasury to allow such sum, not exceed-
ing $20,000, for that service, as should be
found due upon the basis of thirty per cent,
of the cost. But in 1866 we find another pro-
vision, as follows:
" That the ninth section of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1863, and
for other purposes," approved March 3,1863, appro-
priating thirty per cent, of the cost of engraving
the special dies for internal revenue stamps, not to
exceed in amount $20,000, be and the same is hereby
so amended as to enable the Secretary to pay the
contractors, Butler & Carpenter, the said sum of
$20,000, in full of all claims for indemnity."
Thus it appears that we first " authorized"
the Secretary to pay so much, if it was due,
and then we made a provision to "enable"
him to do it. But here we have a provision
which compels him to do it. And yet I under-
stand that not one single account has ever been
rendered by the firm to the Secretary showing
that this amount is due to them ; so that if he
has refused the payment it is because no
vouchers have been produced. I do not be-
lieve in any such mandatory legislation, and
I hope this section ^ill be stricken from the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. After the contract was
made with Butler & Carpenter to make these
dies and they hid made them all, it was found
the Government could do better by printing
them itself, and therefore it wished to be relieved
from the contract. The gentlemen who made
the dies claimed a large amount, some $60,000,
I believe ; and finally the then Secretary of
the Treasury, Mr. Chase, came to us and said
he thought if we would give $20,000 in lieu
of the whole claim it would be the best thing
we could do. The Committee of Ways and
Means accordingly made that appropriation,
supposing it to be a final settlement of that
claim. The law was passed, but for some rea-
son or other the accounting officers held that
it was not imperative, and they were not
bound to pay the amount. Again, last year,
we passed an act which we thought was im-
perative, which we intended to be so ; the
committee expressly stated that it was so, and
the House passed it. But these officers, be-
cause it simply authorized them to do it, say
they are not required to do it. These men,
from the commencement of this Administra-
tion to the present time, have been kept out of
what the Secretary of the Treasury said was a
fair compromise for their whole service and for
making those dies at great cost. Anybody
who has seen the samples must know that the
expense was immense. This, therefore, is to
compel the payment of what has been due for
six years, and it is a shame that it has not been
paid before.
Mr. MORRILL. I am quite satisfied that
this is right, and if gentlemen desire to promote
economy I think we will find an opportunity
before we get to the end of this bill more
worthy of our attention than this.
Mr. DAVIS. The objection I make is that
there was to be an investigation as to the per-
centage to be allowed them.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. UPSON. I move to perfect the section
by striking out the words " and required," so
as not to make it compulsory. I am sure if it
is a valid claim the Secretary of the Treasury
! will pay it; and I think we ought not to com-
pel him to pay it unless we investigate it, and
know that it is a valid claim. To put it in the
form it is reported in the bill is assuming that
the Secretary will not pay a claim that he is
authorized to pay, although it is just.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman, and for
the reason that under the act of the last ses-
sion it was provided that the act of March 3,
1863, be so amended as to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay these contractors
$20,000 in full of all claims for indemnity.
Now, I undertake to say that no man can read
that section of the law without coming to the
conclusion that the Congress of the United
States intended that the money should be paid,
and did itself audit the claim by that act,
What, then, do we propose now? In order to
exclude the notion of the Secretary of the
Treasury that there was any discretion lodged
in him in the premises, instead of saying, as
we did in the act of last session, that the act
shall be so amended as to " enable" the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay the money, we
say that it shall be so amended as to authorize
and "require" him to pay it. He never should
have made that construction at all. The ac-
count was audited by the passage of the law of
last session. We found the amount to be due,
and expressly authorized it to be paid, and yet
it has not been paid.
Mr. HILL. Has this claim ever been before
the Committee of Claims of this House?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know, but the
provision as it stands now is simply to carry
out and enforce an existing law which the
Secretary of the Treasury has disregarded.
It is put in such a form as to compel him to
regard it.
Mr. DELANO. Has it been before any
committee of Congress?
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose it must have
been. The act of 1863 was so amended as to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the $20,000.
