1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
which lie assumes as a citizen of the Republic.
Where a people—the source of all political
power—speak by their suffrages, through the
instrumentality of the ballot-box, it must be
carefully guarded against the control of those
who are corrupt in principle and enemies of
free institutions, for it can only become to our
political and social system a safe conductor of
healthy popular sentiment when kept free from
demoralizing influences. Controlled through
fraud and usurpation by the designing, anarchy
and despotism must inevitably follow. In the
hands of the patriotic and worthy our Govern-
ment will be preserved upon the principles of
the Constitution inherited from our fathers.
It follows, therefore, that in admitting to the
ballot-box a new class of voters not qualified
for the exercise of the elective franchise, we
weaken our system of government instead of
adding to its strength and durability.
In returning this bill to the Senate, I deeply
regret that there should be any conflict of
opinion between the legislative and executive
departments of the Government in regard to
measures that vitally affect the prosperity and
peace of the country. Sincerely desiring to
reconcile the States with one another, and the
whole people to the Government of the United
States, it has been my earnest wish to co-
operate With Congress in all measures having
for their object a proper and complete adjust-
ment of the questions resulting from our late
civil war. Harmony between the coordinate
branches of the Government, always necessary
for the public welfare, was never more de-
manded than at the present time, and it will
therefore be my constant aim to promote, as
far as possible, concert of action between
them. The differences of opinion.that have
already occurred have rendered me only the
more cautious, lest the Executive should en-
croach upon any of the prerogatives of Con-
gress, or, by exceeding in any manner the
constitutional limit of his duties, destroy the
equilibrium which should exist between the
several coordinate departments, and which is
so essential to the harmonious working of the
Government. I know it has been urged that
the executive department is more likely to
enlarge the sphere of its action than either of
the other two branches of the Government,
and especially in the exercise of the veto power
conferred upon it by the Constitution. It
should be remembered, however, that this
power is wholly negative and conservative in
its character, and was intended to operate as
a check upon unconstitutional, hasty, and im-
provident legislation, and as a means of pro-
tection against invasions of the just powers of
the executive and judicial departments. It is
remarked by Chancellor Kent that—
"To enact laws is a transcendent power; and, if
the body that possesses it be a full and equal repre-
sentation of the people, there is danger of its press-
ing with destructive weight upon all the other parts
of the machinery of Government. It has therefore
been thought necessary, by the mostskillfulandmost
experienced artists in the science of civil polity, that
strong barriers should be erected for the protection
and security of the other necessary powers of the
Government. Nothing has been deemed more fit
and expedient for the purpose than the provision
that the head of the executive department should be
so-constituted as to secure a requisite share of inde-
pendence, and that he should have a negative upon
the passing of laws; and that the judiciary power,
resting on a still more permanent basis, should have
the right of determining upon the validity of laws by
the standard of the Constitution."
The necessity of some such check in the
hands of the Executive is shown by reference
to the most eminent writers upon our system
of -government, who seem to concur in the
opinion that encroachments are most to be
apprehended from the department in which all
legislative powers are vested by the Constitu-
tion. Mr. Madison, in referring to the diffi-
culty of providing some practical security for
each against the invasion of the others, remarks
that—
"The legislative department is everywhere ex-
tending the sphere of its activity, and drawing all
power into its impetuous vortex," "Thefounders
of our republics" * * a * "seem never to
have recollected the danger from legislative usurpa-
tions, which, by assembling all power in the same
hands, must load tothesamotyrannyas is threatened
39rn Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 20.
by Executive usurpations." "In a representative
republic, where the executive magistracy is carefully
limited, both in the extent and the duration of its
power, and where the legislative power is exercised
by an assembly which is inspired by a supposed influ-
ence over the people, with an intrepid confidence in
its own strength, which is sufficiently numerous to
feel all the passions which actuate a multitude, yet
not so numerous as to be incapable of pursuing the
objects of its passions by means which reason pre-
scribes—it is against the enterprising ambition of
this department that the people ought to indulge
all their jealousy and exhaust all their precautions."
"The legislative department derives a superiority
in our governments from other circumstances. Its
constitutional powers being at once moi e extensive
and less susceptible of precise limits, it can with the
greaterfacility mask, under complicated and indirect
measures,* the encroachments which, it makes on the
coordinate departments." "On the other side, the
executive power being restrained within a narrower
compass, and being more simple in its nature, and the
judiciary being described by land-marks still less un-
certain, projects of usurpation by either of these de-
pa rtments would immediately betray anddefeat them-
selves. Nor is this all. As the legislative depart-
ment alone has access to the pockets of the people,
and has in some constitutions full discretion, and in
all a prevailing influence over the pecuniary rewards
ofthosewhofill the other departments, a dependence
is thus created in the latter which gives still greater
facility to encroachments of the former." 41Wc have
seen that the tendency of republican governments is
to an aggrandizement of the legislative, at the ex-
pense of the other departments."
Mr. Jefferson, in referring to the early con-
stitution of Virginia, objected that by its pro-
visions all the powers of government—legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial—resulted to the
legislative body, holding that—
"The concentrating these in the same hands is pre-
cisely the definition of despotic government. It will
be no alleviation that these powers will be exercised
by a plurality of hands and not by a single one. One
hundred and seventy-three despots would surely be
as oppressive as one." * * * * "As little
will it avail us that they are chosen by ourselves. An
elective despotism was not the Government we fought
for, but one which should not only be founded on free
principles, but in which the powers of government
should be so divided and balanced among several
bodies of magistracy as that no one could transcend
their legal limits without being effectually checked
and restrained by the others. For this reason that con-
vention which passed theordinanceofgovernmentlaid
itsfoundation on this basis: thattheiegislative, execu-
tive, and judiciary departments should beseparate and
distinct, so that no person should exercise the pow-
ers of more than one of them at the same time. But
no barrier was provided between these several pow-
ers. The judiciary and executive members were left
dependent on the legislative for their subsistence in
office, and some of them for their continuance in it.
If, therefore, the Legislature assumes executive and
judiciary powers, no oppositionis likely to be made,
nor, if made, can be effectual; bccause in that case
they may put their proceedings into the form of an
act of assembly, which will render them obligatory
on the other branches. They have accordingly, in
many instances, decided rights which should have
been left to judiciary controversy; and the direction
of the Executive during the whole time of their ses-
sion is becoming habitual and familiar."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, reviews the same subject,
and says :
" The truth is, that the legislative power is the
great and overruling power in every free Govern-
ment." "The representatives of the people will
watch with jealousy every encroachment of the Exec-
utive Magistrate, for it trenches upon their own
authority. But who shall watch the encroachment
of these representatives themselves? Will they be
as jealous of the exerciso of power by themselves as
by others?" "There are many reasons which may
be assigned for the engrossing influence of the legisla-
tive department. In the first place, its constitutional
powers-are more extensive, and less eapable.of being
brought within precise limits than those of either
of the other departments. The bounds of the exec-
utive authority are easily marked out and defined.
It reaches few obj ects, and those are known. It can-
n<)t transcend them without being brought in contact
with the other departments. Laws may check and
restrain and bound its exercise. The same remarks
apply with still greater force to the judiciary. The
jurisdiction is, or may be, bounded to a few objects
or persons; or, however general and unlimited, its
operationsarcnecessarily confined to the mere admin-
istration of private and public justice. It cannot
punish without law. It caniK>t create controversies
to act upon. It can decide only upon rights and eases
as they are brought by others before it. It can do
nothing for itself. It must do everything for others.
Itinust obey the laws; and if it corruptly administers
them, it is subjected to the power Of impeachment.
On the other hand, the legislative power, except in
the few cases of constitutional prohibition, is unlim-
ited. It isforevervaryingitsmeansanditsends. It
governs the institutions and laws and public policy
of the country. It regulates all its vast interests. It
disposes of all its property. Look hutat th§ exercise
of two or three branches of its ordinary powers. It
levies all taxes; it directs and appropriates all sup-
plies; it gives the rules for the descent, distribution,
and devises of all property held by individuals. It
control? the sources a-ud the resources of wealth. It
changes at its will the whole fabric of the laws. It
moldsat itsplessurealmost alltheinstitutions which
give strength and comfort and dignity to society.
In the next place, it is the direct, visible representa-
tive of the will of the people in all the changes of
times and circumstances. It has the pride as well
as the power of numbers. It is easily moved and
steadily moved by the strong impulses of popular
feeling and popular odium, it obeys, without reluc-
tance, the wishes and the will of the majority for the
time being. The path to public favor lies open by
such obedience; and it finds not only Support, but
impunity, in whatever measures the majority advises,
even though they transcend the constitutional limits.
It has no motive, therefore, to be jealous or scrupu-
lousin its own use of power; aud it finds its ambition
stimulated and its arm strengthened by the counte-
nance and the courage of numbers. _ These views are
not alone those of men who look with apprehension
upon the fate of republics; but they are also freely
admitted by some of the strongest advocates for popu-
lar rights and the pcrmaneney of republican institu-
tions." " Each department should have a will of its
own.'" " Each should have its own independence se-
cured beyond the power of being taken away by either
or both of the others, Butat the same time the rela-
tions of each to the other should be so strong that
there should be a mutual interest, to sustain and pro-
tect each other. There should not only be constitu-
tional means but peisonal motives to resist encroach-
ments of one or either of the others. Thus ambition
would be made to counteract ambition; the desire
of power to check power; and the pressure of inter-
est to balance an opposing interest." "The judiciary
is naturally, and almost necessarily, (as has been
already said,) the weakest department. It can have
no means of influence by patronage. Its powers can
never be wieldedfor itself. It has no command over
the purse or the sword of the nation. It can neither
lay taxes nor appropriate money nor command
armies nor appoint to office. It is never brought into
contact with the people by constant appeals and
solicitations and private intercourse, which belong
to all the other departments of Government. It is
seen onlv in controversies or in trials and punish-
ments. Its rigid justice and impartiality give it no
claims to favor, however they may to respect. It
stands solitary and unsupported, except by that por-
tion of public opinion which is interested only in the
strict administration of justice. It can rarely secure
the sympathy or zealous support either of the Execu-
tive or the Legislature. If they are not(as is not un-
frequently the case) jealous of its prerogatives, the
constant necessity of scrutinizing the acts of each,
upon the application of any private person, and the
painful duty of pronouncing judgment that these
acts are adeparture fromthelaworConstitution, can
have no tendency to conciliate kindness or nourish
influence. It would seem, therefore, that some addi-
tional guards would, under such circumstances, be
necessary to protect this department from the abso-
lute dominion of the others. Yet rarely have any
such guards been applied; and every attempt to in-
troduce them has been resisted with a pertinacity
which demonstrates how slow pdpular leaders are to
introduce checks upon their own power, ami how
slow the people are to believe that the judiciary is
the real bulwark of their liberties." "If any depart-
ment of the Government has undue influence, or
absorbing power, it certainly has not been either the
executive or judiciary."
In addition to what has been said by these
distinguished writers, it may also be urged that
the dominant party in each House may, by the
expulsion of a sufficient number of members,
or by the exclusion from representation of a
requisite number of States, reduce the minority
to less than one third. Congress, by these
means, might be enabled to pass a law7 the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding, which would render impotent the
other two departments of the Government, and
make inoperative the wholesome arid restraining
power which it was intended by the framers of
the Constitution should be exerted by'them.
This would be a practical "Concentration of all
power in the Congress of'the United States—
this, in the language of the author of the Dec-
laration of Independence, would be u precisely
the definition of despotic Government."
I have preferred to reproduce these teachings
of the great statesmen and constitutional law-
yers of the early and later days of the Republic
rather than to rely simply upon an expression
of my own opinions. We cannot too often recur
to them, especially at a conjuncture like the
present. Their application to our actu&l con-
dition is so apparent that they how come to us
a living voice, to be listened to with more-atten-
tion than at any previous period of our history.
We have been and are yet in the midst of popular
coirftxiotion. The passions aroused by a great
civil war are still dominant. It is not a time
favorable to that calm and deliberate judgment
which is the only safe guide when radical changes
inourinstitutionsaretobemade. The measure
now before me is one of those changes. It ini-
tiates an untried experiment for a people whd-
