1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
court, who must devote all his time to it, who
cannot do anything else, is not overpaid, as
things are now in this country, if he gets $4,000
a year.
Perhaps my impressions with regard to the
pay are derived from the habit of my own
State and other States in my locality. My
friend from Vermont was for many years the
able and excellent chief justice of that State,
but I presume his salary was not over $1,500
a year. I do not see the Senators from Rhode
Island in their seats, but I believe the chief
justice of that State gets about ten or twelve
hundred dollars, and I think they pay their
Governor about six hundred dollars.
Mr. WILSON. They give their judges $3,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they have raised
it. In my own State the salaries of the judges
of the supreme court for many years were
$1,800; but a few years ago it was carried up
to $2,250, I think on the representation of
the judges that they could not live unless they
had something of their own besides their sal-
ary. At the present session of the Legislature
there is a dispute whether they shall have
$2,500 or So,000. Our Governor has always
had but $1,500, and I believe it has now been
raised to $3,000. Undoubtedly tho salaries of
our State judges will be raised. At the last
accounts, the Legislature were hesitating be-
tween $2,500 and $3,000 a year. Probably
they will fix upon $2,500. The Legislatures
are mostly composed of farmers, who cannot
imagine why people cannot live on loss sala-
ries than these. If I have any objection to
the sum of $4,000 for the district judges it is
rather because of the prevailing sentiment in
my State with reference to salaries than from
any other reason. 1 had fixed in my own
mind for the general class about $3,500, which
1 think is what the district judge in Dostou
now receives. 1 do not know, however, that it
is enough for Boston.
I simply state these facts for the information
of the Senate. I do not fuel disposed to con-
test the matter with a eommilteo that has
examined the question carefully and closely
and taken into consideration everything that
ought to be considered with relation to it;, but
I should have been better satislied if they had
lived the general rate at 83,500 instead of
S 1,000. However, if we lix it at $4,000, the
House of Representatives can reduce it if they
see lit. If the Semite deem that rate proper,
1 shall make no strenuous objection.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe from
what I have seen of judicial proceedings that
it is economy on the part of the Government
to make those salaries less than men who are
economical and simjile in their habits can live
upon with ordinary families. I do not believe
that a salary of §1,000 will more than support
a family in the style that a lawyer with plain
and simple habits going upon the bench should
live in. A man who has acquired sullicient
reputation to become ft judge should bo treated
properly. Of course he does not expect to get
as a judge on the bench as much as he did
from his practice, but lawyers are not generally
rich, and when they get upon the bench they
ought to have enough to make (hem independ-
ent. A dependent judge is a miserable thing.
A judge who must necessarily he in debt and
dependent upon his friends is not independent
as we want the judiciary of the United States
to be.
The committee examined this question very
thoroughly and made allowance in different
localities tor the different expenses of living
and the different amount of business done, and
wo equalized the salaries as well as we could.
We placed them at what wc thought would
support an economical family. Wc did not
suppose anybody was going on the bench for
the purpose of getting rich, but we desired to
place the judiciary in a position where they
would be independent provided they were
economical and honest. They are the most
responsible part of the whole Government,
and unless you pay them properly you cannot
expeat, an independent execution of the laws.
I believe it is bad economy to pay too small
salaries to those judges, especially when so
much business is thrown into the courts by
your internal revenue system. The business
is so much that these salaries should be raised,
and the committee fixed the standard as low
as they thought it ought to be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by
adding:
And the amount necessary to pay the increased
compensation horein provided shall bo paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwiso appropri-
ated.
Mr. POLAND. I seo no objection to that
modification. I accept it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be put in in
order to appropriate the increase provided.
Mr. ANTHONY, Is it intended to prevent
an allowance of traveling expenses to the
judge of one district who is sent to another
district on account of the sickness or inability
of the judge of that district?
Mr. TR UMB CJLL. It is intended to cut off
all those allowances.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know that that is
proper; but I shall raise no question about it.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
Committeo on tho Judiciary to offer this
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That tho salary of each
of the judgos of tho Court of Claims shall bo $5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much is it now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ain opposed to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought not to be
higher than the salary of the judges in this
District.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to include the
judges of tho District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are already pro-
vided for.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do they get over §3,500?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, $-1,500 I think.
We raised it last year.
Mr. WADE. The chief justice gets $4,500,
and the associates § 1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo made tho compen-
sation of tho judges in this District satisfactory
to them last year; they have not asked any
more now; and the judges of tho Court of
Claims ought not to receive any more than
they do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. TRUM BULL. Tho judges of the Court
of Claims hold their court a great part of tho
year. They used to meet in October, Wc
altered the law last year, and they meet regu-
larly in December. I do not know how long
the term is, but I suppose a good portion of
the year. Tlicy have to reside here, and the
business of the court is very much increased
by devolving on it new jurisdiction growing
out of the war. I regard tho court as a very
important one to the Government, and one that
makes a great saving to the Government.
I have never myself believed in the investi-
gation of claims against the Government by
Congress. I think a bad claim is almost as
likely to pass through Congress as a good one.
We are not so constituted, these bodies are not
so organized, that we can examine and prop-
erly pass upon complicated claims. By re-
ferring them to this court they undergo judi-
cial investigation; and unless 9. claim is sus-
tained by evidence and is proper to be allowed
there is no probability of its passing the court.
The judges are able men ; they have to reside
here; it occupies all their time; they do noth-
ing eke and can do nothing else. It seems to
me their salaries ought to be at least $5,000.
Their salaries are now what they were fixed at
many years ago3 $4,000. _ We considered this
subject in connection with the other salaries
we were fixing, and were of opinion that it
was proper, right, and necessary, to enable
these judges to live here in the city of Wash-
ington and hold this court, that they should
have $5,000 a year. I think it is little enough.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. After having voted so much
money, it will perhaps be acceptable to the
Senate to receive an amendment that calls for
none'. I offer the following as an additional
section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to direct a geological and topo-
graphical exploration of the territory between the
Rocky mountains and tho Sierra Nevada mountains,
including the route or routes of tho Pacific railroad:
Provided, The same can be dono without additional
appropriation.
If it be necessary I will explain this amend-
ment, [" Oh, no!"] but-1 suppose it will not
be, and therefore I will spare the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. The Committee on Mines
and Mining instructed me to offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 19, after line
four hundred and forty-one:
To continue the collection of statistics of mines and
mining, $15,000.
This is to continue the collection of statistics
of mines and mining. An estimate came from
the Department for $25,000 to continue this
work. The other House concluded to strike
it all out, with I think an unwise economy.
However, the report made by the agent se-
lected by the Secretary of tho Treasury to do
this work was not then spread before the
House; its value was not ascertained. No
branch of tho public scrviee, in my opinion,
will interest so many citizens, and none do so
much good in proportion to the amount of
money expended, as to continue the collection
of reliable statistics on this subject. It is use-
less to make an appropriation for the purpose
of getting a single report and let that be the eat}
of it; but it must be continued so that we can
lay before tho people and before the Congress
of the United States assembled here on the
eastern frontier some reliable data concerning
the resources of the great western country. 1
do not propose at this time to engage in any
lengthy discussion. I hope the Senate will
accept tho amendment. The committeo were
unanimous in their recommendation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When an appropriation
of $10,000 was asked for last year it was un-
derstood, according to my recollection, that
that was all that would be necessary; there was
no idea of its continuation ; one appropriation
was to end the matter. «
Mr. CONNESS. 1 bcgtlio Senator's pardon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understood at the
time, and it was so stated and not denied in the
House. Now, let us seo how my friend stands.
The Department which has the thing in charge
only asked for $5,000.
Mr. CONNESS. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House committeo
reported $5,000.
Mr. CONNESS. Tho committee in the other
House reported $10,000, and the House re-
fused to accept that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the impression
on my mind very strongly that the report was
$5,000.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is entirely in
error. It was only in view of the decision of
the House that the committee, in considering it,
determined to ask for but $15,000 this year.
As to the matter of collecting statistics for oue
year and then stopping, that idea never entered
anybody's head, I suppose ; certainly not mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I could not see last
year what the necessity was of appointing an
agent to go about and collect statistics in the
mining country, and how he could do it better
there than by the returns that were made on
the subject to the different Departments here.
