1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
It looked, to me very much like creating a
place for somebody to do something. I con-
fess I do not understand the matter so well as
my honorable friend from California, because
he is there upon the spot; but it did not im-
press itself upon my mind with very much
force as a good way to get at it to have a
traveling agent to collect statistics, at an ex-
pense of $10,000 a year, and constantly grow-
ing; $10,000 last year, $25,000 next. How
many agents does tlie honorable Senator pro-
pose to have? How many men are to be
employed in this business of collecting statis-
tics? Is $25,000 to pay for one, or is he to
have a corps of assistants? Is this to grow up
into a bureau? It seems to be constantly
growing. The appropriation is more than
double what was proposed last year. I should
like to know a little moro about it. I confess
it does not strike me favorably.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it is an un-
fortunate circumstance that a statesman of the
character, reputation, and ability of the honor-
able Senator from Maine should so regard a
question affecting one of the greatest interests
of his country. I do not say this except in a
literal sense ; it is a matter of real regret with
me. I have said to gentlemen on this side of
the continent again and again that if they would
go from this side to the other side of the con-
tinent and ascertain by personal experience
how big a country they have, get a glimpse of
its interests, its resources, catch the inspiration
of its necessities, the effect would be to at least
relieve us who come from that distant region,
endeavoring to represent it and make known
its wants here. I was much pleased this year
at the beginning of our session to meet the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
who is always exact, always thorough, always
intelligent in his statesmanship, but from whom
wo of that distant region had met rather eco-
nomical action, and to hear him say that he
had gone out into the West since the last ad-
journment of Congress, gone to the Rocky
mountains, to Denver, and that he came back
with an impression widened beyond measure
as compared with that with which he went
there. If I could only prevail upon my hon-
orable friend from Maine to come to our coun-
try during some of the vacations, there is noth-
ing in the world that would please us so well
as to give him a welcome there, to make liini
acquainted with that country, with its necessi-
ties, with its great facts. He would not after
that ask me here to tell liim whether one agent
or two or ten should be employed in collect-
ing statistics of mines anil mining ; but seeing
would give him the whole case.
Now, Mr. President, he makes himself
acquainted as he remains hero at the center of
the civilization of the continent, with our pro-
ductions as they come from the Mint with the
stamp of the Government upon them." When
they assume that shape he is very glad to hear
of the millions; but his mind is hardly ever
now carried to the thousands and hundreds of
thousands who are delving to produce those
millions. A knowledge of them, of the means
by which the grand result is produced, is not
spread abroad here. W ho can oppose the
collection and diffusion of such facts?
Sir, if I were seeking to get a grab at the
Treasury here in behalf of the country I repre-
sent I should be ashamed of myself. In regard
to this very proposition, it will be remembered
that when the honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] and myself came here we at
onee stopped an appropriation that nobody
took any notice of, that was being made annu-
ally, that had entered into the estimates to the
extent of $15,000 for the Interior Department,
connected with investigations concerning min-
ing, and which never profited the Government
a copper. We saw that it was wasted and
thrown away, and we caused the appropriation
to be stricken out. Application after applica-
tion has been made to rne as a Senator from
the Pacific coast, since I came here, to aid in
the establishment of what is called a mining
bureau at Washington. The newspapers in
my country have taken it up and they have
demanded it year after year.
The honorable Senator from Nevada has
once introduced a bill for the establishment of
it, and that bill was referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining. I will say now, openly in
the Senate, what I said to him connected with
that bill and that proposition, no matter whence
it came. As a Senator representing the Pacific
coast, and feeling a deep and abiding interest
in mining, I would favor the establishment of
a mining bureau in Washington as much as I
would a pest-house near my dwelling. To dupli-
cate some of your bureaus in Washington and
give it official charge of the business of mining,
to be controlled by men who know nothing
about it, who perhaps never saw a mine, and
who should have official authority to speak for
mines and mining and miners, always, in my
opinion, threatened the mines and mining with
the greatest possible danger. Besides, as was
suggested by the honorable Senator from Maine,
onee established it would grow into an institu-
tion remarkable for the worthless and volumin-
ous publications that would go out from it and
the amount of money that would be spent in
giving them publicity, and in the payment of
chiefs and clerks and various other dependents.
1 never felt like spending the public money for
the purpose of establishing an institution of
that kind. And I beg the honorable Senator
from Maine to believe that wc only suggest
what we know by our experience will tend to
the public good, and that wo make these recom-
mendations in the public behalf. I now repeat
publicly the invitation I have extended to the
honorable Senator in private, to come out and
see us 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. His eyes will be filled with
the wonders ho shall see, and he will come
back, I guaranty it, with a good appetite,
having beqp able to gratify it, too, in the mean
time; he will come back with health and
strength, he will come back a friend to that
portion of his country which in my opinion
ought to invite his greatest affections and re-
gard. I need not add the suggestion of my
honorable friend near me [Mr. Pkelixoiiuy-
sex] that it is a section which now admires
him, for wherever the American name is known
the name of the honorable Senator from Maine
is known, understood, and appreciated.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, from
my examination of this subject in committee
I am induced to vote for the amendment which
has been offered. I am not at all disposed to
waste the public money upon speculative pro-
jects; but from an examination of the report
of the gentleman who was selected for the dis-
charge of the duty contemplated by the appro-
priation of last year I am induced to think
that this work is in proper hands. I consider
his report to be not only elaborate but valua-
ble, one of these few productions of an official
character issued by this Government which
possess a practical value as promotive of the
interests of' this country. Mr. J. Ross Browne,
who was selected by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, devoted himself with great diligence to the
performance of the duties assigned him; and
the report which he has prepared, and which is
now m print and accessible to members of
Congress, is one of great value. It contains
information of the first importance with refer-
ence to the mining interest of this country, a
new interest. I think that a small amount of
money devoted to the prosecution of investi-
gations upon this subject and to their publica-
tion is much better devoted than duties such
as we find in the tariff bill to protect domestic
industry or any other ontlays or burdens im-
posed upon the people contemplating the de-
velopment of the resources of this country.
The appropriation was reduced by the com-
mittee very considerably below the amount
which the proper officers of the Treasury thought
appropriate to this object. We were all con-
vinced that this work was in good hands._ Now,
sir, if it was to ran a bureau at "Washington,
if it was merely to accumulate certain figures
here, if it was to give certain individuals a
place and a salary, I should be the last member
of this body to vote for it; but I believe that
the gentleman who has charge of this work
is competent to the duties which have been
charged upon him, and that we shall get, val-
uable results, and I speak with reference to
the work which he has already accomplished.
He has traveled extensively; he has organized
this great work; he has assistants in different
Territories and States of this country. The
work is going on, and in my judgment it will
be a public misfortune, a public calamity, to
arrest it at this stage.
Why, sir, this mining interest is growing to
bo one of the leading interests of this country;
it is magnificent in the present extent; it is
still more magnificent in its promise" of the
future. So far as the increase of wealth in
our country is concerned we must rely upon
it to assist us in bearing the burdens of our
public indebtedness. We must rely upon it in
the future as one of those interests which the
Government ought ^to have under its fostering
care and its fostering protection.
This small appropriation, therefore, in my
judgment is devoted to a most useful object;
it will pass into proper hands; we shall get
valuable results from it. It is not open to
question or doubt such as attend many enter-
prises which are pressed upon our attention.
Mr. STEWAKT. Willi regard to this report,
I have to say that although there are some little
inaccuracies in the estimates—and tlicy only
pretend to be estimates where there are inac-
curacies—take the work as a whole it contains
more information upon the subject of our min-
ing resources than has been obtained or exists
in Washington from all other sources. More
has been collected in the space of sixty days
by an experienced man who had traveled and
who availed himself of the researches of others
than you had here before ; and there is more
demand for this information than anything else
you print in Washington.
I think I have received at leasl one hundred
letters inquiring for this report and desiring a
copy of it. Those who will read it will see
that he has commenced to collect the general
information so much needed here. Now, there
is very little said here and very little time oc-
cupicd with regard to the mining interests of
this country, an interest that is producing
$100,00(1,000 per annum ; an interpst that is
extended over a thousand miles square of ter-
ritory ; an interest where there are to be some
eight or ten large Slates eventually, comprising
most of the territory of the United States that
is now not inhabited; an interest which invites
immigration from abroad more than any other;
an interest which has sustained the credit of
this country during the war—for 1 undertake to
say thai, the credit of this country could not
have been sustained but for this annual product
of gold and silver: an interest which has in
fact almost revolutionized the whole commer-
cial system of the world, changed values, and
is to change them further, and enable us to
pay our public debt. We owe over three thou-
sand millions in gold, or nearly that. If we
make gold and silver abundant it is much easier
for the people to pay it; and if you lot the
people of the East and, of Europe know where
the gold is they will come and dig it.
Wc have an efficient man who has done good
service. We have the work to show you. It
is worth ten times its cost. It will increase the
products in such a manner as to benefit the
country more than a huiulrcd-fold the cost
every year. It is here to show for itself. It is
no great organization that is going to incumber
the Government. It is in the hands of an in-
telligent gentleman who takes pride in it, who
is peculiarly fitted for it, who is a great traveler
and explorer, who is ready and willing to avail
himself of the information that exists in that
country. We ask the Senate to let this small
appropriation continue to be made, and let tiiis
work go on and collect information with reg.w d
to that vast reyion, so that thee may be ,-oi ic
