1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
care of the United States courts beyond what
is allowed to those who take care of the State
courts.
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Cook's time
having expired.]
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word '"bailiffs."
I was about saying that ther^ is no reason
whatever for increasing the pay of these "con-
stables," and that is the word that should be
used. It is no use calling them "bailiffs" for ;
the purpose of getting rid of the term "con- ji
stables," which everybody understands. I do j
not know of any reason or of any necessity for
increasing their pay. So far as the criers are
concerned, there may, perhaps, be some pro-
priety in this proposed increase of ^ay, as we
are increasing the pay of everybody excepting
those who are really deserving, but I trust the
committee will not increase the pay of bailiffs.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, in reply to
what has been said by the gentleman from
New York, and as an answer, I hope, to his
objections, I will state that I do not know what
the officers of this court are called- in the dis-
trict in which he lives and where he practices ;
but in the district and circuit courts of Phila-
delphia the bailiffs and criers are those who
attend upon the courts. The bailiffs are not 1
constables. These words " bailiffs and criers" '
are used in all the acts of Congress which have i
created these offices and continued them.
Now, sir, so far as the district and circuit
courts of the eastern district of Pennsylvania
are concerned, the men who hold these offices ,
are employed there almost every day at a mis-
erable compensation, not exceeding four or five j
hundred dollars a year. Their compensation |
has not been increased for the last forty or fifty j
years. They are men of intelligence and good I
character. They do not perform the duties of ;
constables in the courts; they have not only ,
to attend upon the jurors, but they are in
attendance upon the court itself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman if .these officers have taken the test
oath? [Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, sir, I presume they
have. This amendment is eminently just.
These gentlemen have been trying for the last
two Congresses to get their compensation in-
creased. The business of the courts has so
increased that they are worked as hard as any
men I know of anywhere, and at this miser-
able compensation.
1 am glad the gentleman has so modified his
amendment as not to increase the compensa-
tion of many of the marshals, but these criers
and bailiffs are, I think, entitled to an increase
of pay, and I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly bill of the House
No. 1227, making appropriations and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on sections six and seven of the defi-
ciency bill be closed in one minute after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Wholeon thestate of the Union, (Mr. Alli-
son in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on this and
the succeeding section is closed in one minute
by order of the House.
"Mr. COOK. In that one minute I desire to
say that I hold in my hand a letter signed by
at least three judges of district courts of the
United States, one marshal and two district
attorneys, saying that competent men cannot
be got to fill these offices at the rate of two
dollars a day, which is all they are now receiv-
ing, and which is less than ordinary laborers
are paiiin the same places. j
[Here the hammer fell.] i
The question was taken on Mr. Humphrey's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated the next question
to be upon Mr. Cook's amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that my colleague offers that amendment as a
substitute for the whole of the sixth section.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. I will modify the amendment
so as to offer it as a substitute for the last
clause of the section, striking out all after the
word "day" in the fourth line.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made the original motion
to strike out the entire section, but I modified
it so as to insert in lieu thereof what has been
offered by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COOK. That is true, and I cannot
therefore modify the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of
my colleague has nothing to do with the sub-
ject of the temporary clerks in the Quarter-
master General's office. The provision in
relation to their pay ought not to be stricken
out, for these tempouary clerks are nearly all
soldiers.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the amend-
ment is in order. It proposes to repeal an
existing law, and I raise the question of order
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order comes too late. The amend-
ment has been fully debated, and the Chair
thinks that it is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will move to add his amend-
ment to the section, and not to strike out the
section.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know if
my colleague on the Committee on the Judi-
ciary [Mr. Cook] has stated to the House that
his amendment is recommended by that com-
mittee.
Several Members. He has so stated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I should have no objection
to the amendment if it did not propose to strike
out the section.
The question was taken on Mr. Matnard's
amendment, as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move now to add the
words "and the temporary clerks in the Quar-
termaster General's office shall receive the
same pay as the clerks of class one."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the sev-
enth section of the bill, which is as follows:
And leit further enacted. That the deputy surveyor
at the port of San Francisco be paid the same com-
pensation annually that is now paid to the deputy
collector at said port.
I wish to say one word in support of that
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
upon this section by order of the House.
Mr. HALE. I hope I shall be allowed by
general consent to say one word.
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent can-
not be given by the Committee of the Whole
for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. I suppose, if it is not objected
to, I can proceed.
Mr. HIGBY. If the gentleman is heard I
shall have something to say in reply.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. HALE. Well, I hope my motion will
prevail.
The question was put; and there were—oves
33, noes 41 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Hale and
McRuer were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 57.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BID WELL. I offer the following as an
addition to the section:
And that the bonded clerks at the branch mint at
San Francisco be paid a salary of $2,500 cach, and the
cashier therein be paid a salary of $3,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to that amend-
ment ; it is not in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is not ger-
mane to the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to carry into effect the
recommendations of the commissioners appointed
under the acts of April 19,1864, and June 27, 1866,
relative to the Moline Water Company and tho
water-power at Rock Island, as contained in the
roport of said commissioners.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that the amendment is not
germane to the bill. I am willing, however,
reserving my objection, to hear what my col-
league has to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain the amend-
ment. On the 27th of June, 1866, we passed
a law appropriating $100,000 to secure water-
power at the head of Rock Island. The ar-
senal there required further water-power, and
commissioners were authorized to ascertain
upon what terms an arrangement could be
made with the company owning the water-
power, and this appropriation of $100,000 was
made to enable the Secretary of War to pur-
chase that water-power. He was subsequently
authorized by statute to make what terms he
could in order that the water-power might be
used for the arsenal. It was found they could
not for $100,000 obtain the water-power and
settle conflicting claims so the arsenal could
be supplied with water-power sufficient for
manufacturing there. An adjustment was
made by which the Moline Water Company
was permitted to retain over one quarter of
the water-power and at the same time hire
from the United States any surplus water-
power beyond that needed by Government.
This is to enable the Secretary to carry out
this arrangement.
Mr. UPSON. How much additional money
will be required?
Mr. HILL. I understand debate has been
closed upon this section. I also make the
point that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That is the
point I reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec 8. And be it further enacted. That in order to
carry into effect the eleventh and twelfth articles of
the treaty between the United States and the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw tribes of Indians, confirmed by
the Senate on tho 21st day of February, in the year
1856, and the resolution of the Senate of the United
States in pursuance thereof, made on the 9th day of
March, in the year 1859, as finally adjusted by the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs made to
the Senate on June 19, in the year 1860, and the
tenth article of the treaty between the United States
and the Baid Indians approved hy the Senate of the
United States on the 28th day of June, in the year of
our Lord 1866, the sum of $900,000 is hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated; and the Secretory of the Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed to issue a bond of
the United States, payable to the said Choctaw tribo
of Indians three years from the date of 'he approval
of this act, without interest, for the sum of $932,560 8o:
Provided, That the said Choctaw tribe of Indians
shall, in consideration of the payment of the sum
hereby appropriated, receive the same in full satis-
faction and discharge of ttU claims of the said tribe,
and of the members thereof, against the United States
existing prior to the2Wid«y«f June, in the rear Ire.
