80S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januafy 7,
degree of political power or political rights to
tile liegsoss of the South. Since we have passed
that 'amendment we cannot sit here and' refuse
to-give"'to the negro populatioh-'OfthiS District
some-political power, as-We have "in a measure
by- Our -constitutional ameBdment bribed the
people of the southern -States^ to -fextend some
political power to thteif negroes. It seems to
me that now is the-time-, at-the end of this great
civil war wh'eri general principles are discussed
niOl-o than evef-before, to start out upon cor-
rect principles.
• The President says this is not the place for
this experiment. I say it is the place of all
others, because if the negroes here abuse the
political power we give to them- we can with-
draw the privilege at afty moment. It is always
within the power of Congress to revoke this
authority. If it be shown hereafter that by
their ignorance, or their folly, or their crime,
they are endangering of Will endanger civil
society in this community J We can withdraw at
any time the power which we now confer and
resume our original functions. When the power
is conferred by a State it cannot be withdrawn
except by a change of the Constitution, but
here we can withdraw it.:
I have always-thought; and I have often been
taunted for sayifag, that this District was the
paradise of free negroes. It is the paradise
of free negroes, and it-ought to be. Hereto-
fore they were under the ban of prejudice : in
the southern States the great mass of them
were slaves; in the northern States they could
not enjoy any rights; in the city of New York
they were cruelly mobbed while we were in the
midst of the war in which they served us faith-
fully as soldiers and laborers. ' In nearly all of
the States they are now denied political power.
Here political power can be conferred upon
them with safety; I will say for the free negroes
in this District that they will exercise their
new power with reasonable moderation and
intelligence. They are now making rapid prog-
ress in education. They are sustaining their
own schools without public money, although
they are taxed to maintain the schools for
white children. They are building churches.
They are now showing evidences of intelligence
and a degree of industry and order which some
classes of the white people do not. I believe
they are rapidly advancing in the scale of civi-
lization, and that, if not now, they will soon be
prepared to vote with as much intelligence as
other citizens of the District.
But there is another reason why we can con-
fer this power here, even before it is conferred
in the States. Here this element can do no
harm. The people in this District vote simply
upon municipal questions; they exercise no
political power; they have no voice either in the
Senate or the House of Representatives. The
questions upon which they are called to vote
are simply questions of dollars and cents,
money matters which affect them in common
with other property holders, and upon which
they will vote with as much discretion as
others.
I say, therefore, that this is the time and
this is the very place to try this experiment. I
desire for one to see it extended all over the
country. I have no doubt that the people of
Ohio, who have for fifty years excluded the
black population from voting, will, in their
own good time, and in their- own way, without
any interference from outsiders, allow the
negro population of that State, which is very
small, participation in the elective franchise,
and probably place them on an equality with
the whites, I have no doubt this will be done.
The State, as a political community, would
not allow anybody else to interfere with their
power over this subject, but when the Consti-
tution is revised in its regular course, this
discrimination against our negro citizens will
, be removed, and it may be done sooner.
I notice that the Democratic party, inthehope
to make a popular issue, have invited the con-
troversy in our State by passing resolutions in
their county conventions declaring that they are
very much opposed to negro suffrage iu Ohio.
I for one am willing to accept their challenge.
Our people are ready for the contest, and will
not shrink from the universal application of a
great principle from a narrowprejudice of caste.
I am willing to extend to the few "negroes in the
State of Ohio the elective franchise on precisely
the same terms that it is now given to all other
male citizens of legal age. W hen the question
is made—and we will make it in our own good
time—it will be carried, and theii our Demo-
cratic friends, instead-of appealing to the nar-
rowprejudice against the negro, will bc^appe'al-
ing to the negro for his vote.
I hav6 perhaps said more than it was neces-
sary-to say-at this time, because I take it we
have all formed and expressed by our votes our
opinions on this matter, and there is but little
doubt as to the result- The message of the
President admits the general principle that an
intelligent, negro ought to vote. We say we
can draw no satisfactory test of intelligence and
prefer a general rule applicable to white and
black. Here we. differ, and I for one appeal
with confidence to the sober reason of our com-
mon constituents. I believe that experience
will demonstrate the wisdom of this act, as it
has the kindred act of emancipation in this
District.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say a word on this subject in defense
of the message of the Executive, and I should
not do so now had it not been attacked. If it
was the design of the majority of the Senate to
force this measure to immediate consideration
and to an early vote, they should have refrained
themselves from attacking the message. How-
ever, that was perfectly legitimate. I rise more
particularly for the purpose of saying that I
differ entirely with the honorable Senator from
Maine in the expression of that sentiment of
his, that the people of this District had nothing
to do with this question. I do not know whether
I caught his exact words, but I endeavored to
get their substance. If that proposition be
true, then this whole Government from top to
bottom, our institutions all, State and national,
are based upon a wrong foundation. What,
sir, the people of this District have nothing to
do with this question! Who else have anything
to do with it? What have the people of Maine
to do with it? What have the people of Ohio
to do with it? What have the people of Penn-
sylvania to do with it? It is the first time in
my life that I ever heard the claim set up on
the part of an outside people to interfere with
the legislation of those who are affected by the
legislation. Will any legislation of the mayor
and councils of the city of Washington, or
any legislation of the municipal authorities of
this District of Columbia affect the people of
Maine in any way, or affect the people of any
State in any way, or any people outside of the
limits of the District? If they are not affected,
how comes it that they have a right to regulate
the internal affairs of the District here? By
what warrant would Pennsylvania undertake
to regulate the internal legislation of New
Jersey? Would not the answer be obvious at
once, "Does this legislation affect you?" By
what warrant would the people of New Jersey
interfere in the election of officers in Penn-
sylvania? Is not the answer there equally
obvious: "Are you to be governed by these
officers?" Why, Mr. President, it is a funda-
mental principle in all our institutions, or else
I have very much misunderstood them, that it
is to the people alone that these questions are
to be referred.
Yes, but the honorable Senator says we
have exclusive legislative power over the Dis-
trict of Columbia. We have exclusive power
of legislation ; what for? To tyrannize over
the people of the District of Columbia? To
contravene their will, or to carry it out and
embody it in our legislation? Which of the
two ? Was it intended by the founders of this
Republic, when they put the Distfict under the
guardianship of Congress, the great council of
the nation, that the people should be servants;
that they should be slaves; that their will
should go for naught in the regulation of their
municipal affairs? I Mav6 always understood
that the very reverse was the case ; that- it was
thought, from the magnanimity of this great
national council, the District of Columbia
would receive more liberal legislation than if
it had a local Legislature of its own.
What was the purpose of this grant of exclu-
sive legislation over the District of Columbia?
Was it for the purpose of making this a hunt-
ing-ground for experimenters? AVas it to
make it an arena in which all the new-fangled
notions of modern times could be tried at the
expense of the people of the District, dis-
regarding their will and their wishes, their
almost unanimous will; or was it to give this
Government simply that control over the Dis-
trict which was necessary to enable us to carry
on the Government? Can any man furnish a
motive why our authority, our tyrannical au-
thority, our arbitrary authority, Should extend
further than that? If there is a single one I
should like to hear it. We have a right to
that extent, to enable us to govern the nation
well, to control the District of Columbia; but
that gives us no right to disregard the will of
the people of the District of Columbia, and
trample upon their wishes, and introduce
among them, against their will, an experiment
which has never yet been tried upon the con-
tinent.
To say that the people who are to be affected
by the measure ought to have no voice in the
question is laying the ax to the very root of the
tree of liberty. It is to put the bar at the very
foundation of the edifice and to overturn it.
The people of the District of Columbia are a
free people, a distinct, separate, independent
community, as much so as the people of Maine,
or the people of Pennsylvania, orthepeople of
Ohio, with the same rights ; and those rights
are to be preserved by us, not trampled upon.
Now, what is the question? This District
is inhabited by two different races. Gentle-
men say this argument has all been probed to
the bottom; it has all been answered. I beg
leave to say that I think it has not been probed
to the bottom ; I think the question has never
been argued down as deeply into the nature of
things as it might be. This is not a question
as to the admission of a certain number of cit-
izens to the elective franchise, as it is in Eng-
land. It is an entirely different question. This
District is inhabited by two races of people,
distinct races. How distinct? So distinct as
to prevent anything like social equality. Is
not that a fact? If there were no facts before
the Committee on the District of Columbia to
show that there was a majority of the people
of this District opposed to this measure, I sup-
pose that committee will agree that it is a fact
that the distinction of races prevents social
equality. I think that cannot be denied.
Then a question arises immediately behind
that: if the difference between the two races
prevents social equality, is it not enough to
bar political equality? Honorable Senators
say: "No; we will grant political equality."
You may grant, if you please, a chance to try
it; but you cannot grant the equality. That
is a thing lying out of your reach; lying within
the nature of the races themselves. Pass what
laws you please, you cannot make black men
white nor white men black, because that is not
the subject-matter of your legislation. Then I
ask what is to bo the line which will divide
parties in this District when the bill of the
honorable Senator from Maine becomes a law?
As among us of the same race, the line which
divides parties is one of principle. My honor-
able friend on the other side is a free trader ;
I am a tariff man. There is aline between us,
and which side we take depends upon argu-
ment and reason. It is from that fact that the
lines between parties depend upon argument
and reason, and are to be settled by them and
them alone, that we have a free Government.
I ask what will be the line when the negro
votes in the District? I am presuming now
that he is just as well qualified to vote as the
white man; that he is just as good, just as wise,
just as intelligent as the white man ; and I ask
