1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
intelligent knowledge upon the subject, some
knowledge of the facts m the community and
in Congress to guide legislation. We think
this is bat reasonable. On questions that
affected the East, on questions that affected
manufactures, I think the Pacific has been
liberal, although she has no manufactures.
My State has none. We vote your tariffs, and
we vote in that way additional prices upon
ourselves. We do it because we believe it is
for the interest of the whole country, because
wc think the interests of the country will be
thereby advanced. We ask you to aid us in
carrying on explorations so as to learn what
we have, because wc believe that will benefit
the whole country.
As was justly remarked by the Senator from
California, when he and 1 came here and as-
certained that $15,000 annually was being
appropriated for this purpose, and no informa-
tion was being obtained, we asked you to stop
it. If the person who is now engaged in this
■work, Mr. Browne, should fail to do his duty,
we shall be the first to find it out; if good
results are not produced .we shall bo the first
to ascertain that fact and ask that it be stopped.
It is 110 job, no favoritism. We simply ask
that this information be collected and laid be-
fore the country for the country's good. Wc
think it a very small amount. Wc ought to
have the amount recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury. He has examined the matter
and recommends an appropriation of $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following
amendment as an additional seel ion to the bill:
A ml be it furtlirr ennctcd. That the salary of tho
Chief Cleric of'llto Semite shall ho $1,000, and that of
tho .Soigeunt-iit-Arins &.J.500 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDION. I will ask whether that
is from any cominiLI.ee?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that it is
offered as coming lVom the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses. 1 do not suppose it. is
necessary to say anything on this subject, be-
cause the Senate is entirely familiar with the
duties discharged by each one of these officers,
and I do not know that it is necessary to com-
ment upon them in their presence. 1 have been
fully persuaded—I was at the last session—that
these salaries arc loo low and ought to be
increased. Considering tho responsibilities
that devolve upon the Horgeant-at.-Arms, who
has the supervision of this entire portion of
tho building, and I he great labor that is per-
formed by the Chief Clerk of llie Senate, it
seems to nio that these sums arc little enough.
Mr. FISSSF/NDEN. What docs the Secre-
tary receive?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Something over four
thousand dollars a year.
Mr. ]<'ICSSI<'Nl)K\r. Do 1 understand the
Senator to say it is from a eoinniitt.ee? J
really wish to know whether this amendment
is in order. If it comes from tho Committee
on Contingent Expenses it is in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly it comes from
the Committee on Contingent Expenses. All
the members of the eommitteo are here.
Mr. FESSF.YDEN. I do not doubt it if
the Senator says so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill on
page 3, lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, by strik-
ing out the words " in the Daily Globe; " so
that the clause will read :
For reporting and priiil iitrr tho proceedings for tile
first. session of tho Fortieth Congress,J1
The object of tho amendment is to prevent
our being bound and tied up at this time to
make the appropriation to the Globe. It is
not necessary, as this is an appropriation for
the Fortieth Congress. There is no objection
to tho amendment, 1 believe.
Mr. Tit['>1 liITLL. That is a very import-
ant amendment to be made, I think. We have
a contract wuh the Globe under laws for the
publication of our proceedings. I do not know
whether it is proper that we should make dif-
ferent arrangements.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not thi k thero is any
such contract with the Globe as binds us to
have the congressional proceedings published
in it, and if there is it need not be foreclosed
that I know of so as to bind us entirely to it.
We do not know; perhaps they would not be
willing to carry on their contract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked into
it at all; I do not know.
Mr. WADE. I believe there is no objection
to the amendment. I believe it is understood
that we ought not to bind ourselves just now.
We have agreed that the Fortieth Congress
shall assemble immediately after this one
expires, and it will bo time enough then to fix
thig, and there may be some reasons why it
should be done then. In the mean time the
appropriation can stand, but it need not fore-
close it. If we are bound by a contract to have
it go to the Globe, then it must go there if the
appropriation be made; but I do not think we
are. It may be that we may want to make
some different arrangement. It is not neecs-
sary that wo should be bound in this way just
now. I hope there will be no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should certainly object
t.o the amendment, if no one else does, until 1
have looked at it. If tho Senator from Ohio
has examined the laws and the contract with
tho Globe by which these publications are
made 
Mr. WADE. The next Congress can do that.
Mr. TKUMBULL. Tho next Congress can-
not do it. We meet on tho 4th of March, and
what arrangements have wo got for publishing
the proceedings of Congress?
Mr. BROWN. Ttwill bo done by somebody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is to do it? If
thero is a contract with any party to do it that
party is I ho one to do it.
Mr. BROWN. It does not follow that wc
must nut. it. in an appropriation. .
Mr. TRIJMIWLL. I think it does follow
that it should bo put in an appropriation.
Mr. FESSFNI) UN. 1 ask Senators to allow
me to make a suggestion. It is understood,
and wo may as well speak out, that thero is a
difficulty between the reporters of tho Senate
and the Globe, and such is tho difficulty that
we may at any time bo left without reporters.
1 am not satisfied where the right of that mat-
ter is. If wo agree to this clause as it stands
both lor tho Senate and the House we are
concluded, because afterward that cannot be
altered ; and the appropriation is made through-
out for the Globe. Now, it may be, very prob-
ably will bo, on examination, that it may be
advisable to make the appropriation precisely
as wc have made it heretofore; but I think
myself, considering the position wc are in, we
ought not to agree with the House so as to tie
our hands
upon
this bill at once until we have
looked into it a little. It only requires a little
delay.
1 suggest, therefore, to my friend from Ohio,
as I should like to take the bill out of commit-
tee to-night, that ho withdraw tho amendment
and let us take the bill out of eommitteo, and
the same amendment can bo moved to-morrow,
if necessary, in tho Senate after wo have looked
at it a litlle more, when the chairman of the
Committee on Priming, the Senator from
Rhode Island, | Mr. Anthony,] is hern. He
is not in good health, and is not hero this even-
ing, Wo can then ascertain more about it.
At'firesent, by striking this out, it docs not fol-
low that the House would concur, and in tho
mean time tho proper inquiries could bo made
and the proper information obtained. If the
Senator from Ohio—1 am very glad he has
brought the question up—will let us take the
bill out of committee, and let this matter go
over until the morning, when the bill is in the
Senate he can make the same motion, and then,
if we are not bound by any contract, it can be
better considered than it would be to-night.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
I wulsay to tho Senator from Illinois that there
is nothing binding in what I propose. T do
not think, from the slight examination that I
have given the sul^ect of onr arrangement with
the Globe, that we are in any way bound. I
think it will be found that we arc at liberty to
make such arrangements about the printing of
the debates as Congress shall think proper to
make. I do not think we are bound; but if
we were bound what I propose is no repudia-
tion of onr contract. I do nothing inconsistent
with it. I only prevent that conclusion being
fastened upon us if we are not bound. _ But I
will bring up the question in the morning. I
would just as lief bring it up in the Senate then
as now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does, the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the consent of
the Senate to add to tho amendment proposed
by mc a few moments ago in regard to the sal-
ary of the Chief Clerk and Sergcant-at-Arms—•
That the amount necessary to pay tho additional
salary ho appropriated out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be added if there be no objection.
Mr. CRESWELL. On page 10, line two
hundred and thirty-seven, I move to insert
after the word " purchasing" tho words "peri-
odicals and so that tho clause will read :
Ifor purchasing periodicals and files of the leading
nowspapers l'or said Library, [.Library of Congress,]
$1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
th at.
The amendment was agreed to.
'Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be
well enough perhaps to let further proceedings
on the bill go over until to-morrow morning, as
it is now in tho Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up House
bill No. 344—thoNiagaraship-canalbill. ["Nol
No."] Let us take it up and then adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at four minutes past ten o'clock p. m.) ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 7, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, liov. C. B. Boyktox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
kxuollkd bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (H. R. No. 902) to declare the sense
of an act untitled " An act to restrict thejuris-
dietion of tho Court of Claims and to provide
for tho payment of certain demands for quarter-
masters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of tho United States and
An act (H. K. No. 874) to regulate the
duties of the Clerk of tho House of Repre-
sentatives in preparing for the organization of
the House, and for other purposes.
uxitkh status mint and coixagu.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following res-
olution :
Jtrgolvcdy That tho Committee on Coinage, "Weights
and Measures bo instructed to attend the annual
assas; at the United States Mint, and to examine tile
condition, m.mageiivnt. and economy thereof, and
report to the House what measures, if any, will tend
to greater economy and etlieienoy of tho system of
United States mintage, or to the improvement of its
coinage.
I was instructed by the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures to offer this reso-
lution this morning, for the assay is to take
place on Monday.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider tho rote
