1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out "with-
out" and insert "withso it will read " with
interest."
As a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations not agreeing to this report, I desire
to say a few words. If I am properly informed,
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to which such
matters generally go, has not examined this
subject and has not formally recommended
this section.
I do not profess to be acquainted with this
claim historically, but from reading the section
I learn that it is based upon some old treaties
first entered into some years ago and re-
newed during the last year. Now, I am in-
formed by gentlemen more familiar with the
subject than I am, that since the first trea-
ties were made with these Indians the most
of them were engaged in the late rebellion
and were rebels during the late war, yet it
seems that some new treaty has been made with
them since the war, by which they are restored
to all the rights they had before the war, and
by which their rights are somewhat enlarged,
at least so far as the amount of money is con-
cerned which is allowed to them. Now, I
cannot understand why those Indians are to
have so liberal terms for having engaged in the
rebellion while white men who engaged in the
same rebellion are to be proscribed.
Mr. UPSON. Is it because these Indians
have been rebels that the gentleman wishes to
pay them interest?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will come to that pres-
ently.
Mr. CONKLING, (in his seat.) I suppose
they are genuine ''copperheads."
Mr. NIBLACK. If, however, the sum
claimed in this section is due them under
treaties, then I insist we should pay them in-
terest. It would be dealing unjustly with them
to require them to wait for three years for the
half of their money without any interest; and
hence the reason why I have proposed this
amendment. But I am inclined to think that
this is an old, stale claim, which ought at least
to be subjected to a close scrutiny by this
House before we attempt to pass it; the more
especially when it is for so large a sum as this
seems to be.
I desire to hear from the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs as to whether or
not I am correctly informed as to the status
of this tribe of Indians, or a portion of them,
during the war. I desire him to state whether
the Committee on Indian Affairs have ex-
amined this question, and also to give us any
information he may have to communicate on
this subject, and if he will consent to do so, 1
will yield the floor to him temporarily for that
purpose.
Mr. WINDOM. In answer to the question
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
I will say that the Committee of Indian Affairs
have not yet examined this claim. I myself
have read a communication from the Secretary
of the Interior in reference to it, and there-
fore I think I understand something about the
points involved. As to the status of these
Indians during the war I think it is pretty
well understood they have been rebels. I
believe it is also true, as has been stated, that
the Senate in 1866 made a treaty with these
Indians by which they agreed to revive past
obligations. _ l am not prepared to say whether
this appropriation should be made or not.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to take no part in
this debate further than a simple statement of
facts in regard to this subject. I will simply
ask the attention of members here to a brief
statement of the reasons which governed the
action of the Committee on Appropriations in
this regard.
There has been a claim by the Choctaw
Indians against the United States for a great
many years, arising out of lands which were
taken and sold by the United States, the pro-
ceeds of which the Indians claim by virtue of
the treaty of 2830, I think. The United States
resisted that claim. A treaty was made between
these Indians and the United States, which
bears date June 22, 1855. By the eleventh
article of that treaty, which I have now before
me, it was provided as follows :
"The Government of the United States not being
prepared to assent to the claims set up under the
treaty of September 27,1830, and so earnestly eon-
tended for by the Choctaws as a rule of'settlement,
but justly appreciating the sacrifices, faithful ser-
vices, and general good conduct of the Choctaw
people, and being desirous that their rights and
claims against the United States shall receive a just,
fair, and liberal consideration, it is therefore stipu-
lated that the following questions be submitted for
acUudication to the Senate of the United States:
First, whether the Choctaws are entitled to orshall
be allowed the proceeds of the sale of the lands ceded
lyy them to the United States by the treaty of Sep-
tember 17,1830, deducting therefrom the costs of their
survey and sale, and all just and proper expend-
itures and payments under the provisions of said
treaty; and if so, what price per acreshallbe allowed
to the Choctaws for the lands remaining unsold, in
order that a final settlement with them may be
effected; or,
4* Second, whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a
gross sum in further and full settlement of all their
claims, national and individual, against the United
States, and if so, how much."
That was the clause of the treaty which was
made, as I have stated, in the year 1855, and
ratified by the Senate. Subsequently to that
time the Senate adopted a resolution upon the
subject in which they settle the rule under
which the award was to be made. The com-
mittee will bear in mind that by the treaty the
adjustment of the claim was referred to the
Senate of the United States exclusively, with-
out the assent of the Indians being required to
such action as they should adopt, except what
was involved in the treaty itself. The Senate
resolution was passed at the second session of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress. After reciting the
eleventh article of the treaty, which I have just
recited, the Senate adopted the following res-
olutions :
,# Resolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the pro-
ceeds of the sales of such lands as have been sold by
the United States on the 1st day of January last,
deducting therefrom the costs of their survey and
sale, and all proper expenditures and payments
under said treaty; excluding the reservations allowed
andsecured, and estimatingthe scrip issued inlieu of
reservations at the rate of $1 25 per acre; and further
that they be also allowed twelve and a half cents per
acre for the residue of said land.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
an account to be stated with the Choctaws showing
what amount is due them according to the above
prescribed principles of settlement, and report the
same to Congress."
This was the action of the Senate, in which
they declared the rules which were to deter-
mine the amount to be awarded. In pursu-
ance of that action of the Senate, the Secretary
of the Interior reported the amount of about
twenty-eight hundred thousand dollars I think.
That report from the Secretary of the Interior
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the Senate for reexamination and report.
That Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate
subsequently reported a sum which reduced the
amount stated by the Secretary of the Interior,
by certain set-offs claimed to be equitably due
the United States, to about twenty-three hun-
dred thousand dollars. And there the matter
was left in the Senate at the time.
Subsequently, however, an appropriation of
$500,000 was made by Congress on account
of this claim, which has arrived at the stage
which I have mentioned and described now.
That reduced the amount again to about one
million eight hundred thousand dollars.- There
the matter has stood until since the rebellion,
when a treaty was formed between the United
States and these Indians, which I greatly regret
ever found its place upon the statute-book.
That treaty was made in April, 1866, subse-
quently ratified by the Senate, and proclaimed
on the 10th of July, 1866. This treaty, which
I think was made very improperly and very
unfortunately for the United States, embraced
an article which I will read. It is article forty-
five of the treaty, and is as follows:
"All the rights, privileges, and immunities hereto-
fore possessed by said nation or individuals thereof,
or to which they were entitled under the treaties and
resolutions heretofore made and had in connection
with them, shall be, and are hereby declared to be,
in full force, so far as they are consistent with the
provisions of this treaty."
Thus it turns out that this tribe of Indians,
which had been in hostility to the United States,
were by virtue of this treaty reinstated with all
their former rights, with the single exception
that the annuities they were entitled to pend-
ing the war, which had not been paid, were
not to be paid, but they were to be resumed
from and after the 1st day of July, 1866. This
brought the committee to this condition: there
was an amoufTt which was due to these Indians
by virtue, first, of the treaty which submitted
it to an award; secondly, by the award which
determined the principles by which it was to
be ascertained; thirdly, that it was reduced by
certain set-offs ; and fourthly, thinking it how-
ever barely possible there may be some set-offs
against these Indians which arose from gen-
eral appropriations for the support of destitute
Indians of the southern superintendency, which
the House will recollect were made against my
earnest protest at the last session of Congress.
This was to appropriate only to them one half
of the amount in the manner I have stated,
giving them certificates not negotiable for three
years, while if anything were found in the next
three years in the way of set-off it might reduce
this sum. I believe I have stated accurately
all the facts of the case.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Here is a treaty
made between the Government of the United
States and the Choctaws.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose the gentleman
refers to the treaty which provided for the
award. The first was between the United
States and the whole of the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL. After considerable expe-
rience here, I am not surprised at anything in
the last night of a session of Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say, as I have
succeeded in obtaining some information, that
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
whole section.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to call the
attention of gentlemen to what this treaty
provides.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a word
myself.
Mr. Chairman, as I was saying, I am pre-
pared not to be surprised at almost any prop-
osition at the last night of a session ; but I do
confess this is a little larger amount than I
expected it possible to be presented on the
present occasion. Here comes, not from the
regular committee constituted to examine such
claims and to report whether they are right or
wrong, but in a mere deficiency appropriation
bill a proposition to appropriate $2,000,000 on
a State treaty twelve years old, and one that
has been ignored for the past six years.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
House to the manner in which we have been
treating these rebel Indians for the last five
years. In the Indian appropriation bill of
1862 it was provided that all appropriations
heretofore or hereafter made to carry into
effect treaty stipulations or otherwise in behalf
of any tribe or tribes of Indians, all or any
portion of whom shall be in a state of actual
hostility to the Government of the United
States, including the Cherokees, Creeks, Choc-
taws, Chickasaws, &c., and any other affiliated
tribes, may and shall be suspended and post-
poned wholly or in part at and during the dis-
cretion and pleasure of the President.
The committee informally rose.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that on the legislative, executive and judicial
appropriation bill, that body had receded from
all its amendments not agreed to by the House
of Representatives, except its forty-fourth
amendment, to which it still adhered.
The committee then resumed its session.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, let me call attention
to the law of 1864. It was then provided that
the Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby,
authorized to suspend such part of the amount
herein appropriated to carry into effect any
