J'867.
mB 0GNGBESSIONAL GLOBli
809
what is to be the line between parties when be
does vote ? Is it to be the line of argument,
the line of reason, the line 'of principle, or is it
to be the line of tribal distinctions? Will a man
belong to a white party because h$ believes the
white party has the best of the argument, that
the principles which the white party advocate
are the true principles, upon which to govern
♦he District; or- will -he- belong to the white
party simply because he is white; aqd will he
belong to.the negro party because the negro is
right or because he is black.?
•To a wise man, and to a man who is willing
to look a little beyond the excitement of the
moment, and the passion of the hour, is not this
inevitable? Then, what is the consequence,
supposing it to be so, and no one can deny it?
Nobody can anticipate anything else as the
result of the bill but that. Then what is the
consequence? It is not a question of sharing
in the Government j it is a question of which
race shall dominate. There are one hundred
thousand whites, and there are thirty thousand
negroes. Which will dominate? Given that
things remain as they are, the. whites will pre-
dominate. Then what will the negro get by
the bill? Of what use is his vote to him?
When your party lines depend upon tribal
differences of what use is. the vote to the
weaker ?
' There, Mr. President, we come back exactly
to that which every soeiety does at the outsta'rt
by its fundamental law. In a case of that kind
the whites exclude the blacks'from the right of
suffrage altogether, and it is right and prudent
and proper. I would not quarrel with a black
community that would exclude thewhites from
voting, and why? All that the honorable Sena-
tor's bill does is to create this contest for every
eiection-, to make it recur year after year, and to
exclude from the contest all considerations of
principle, of reason, of right, of wrong. His
bill is to invite in the District of Columbia a
contest of races at every election from this time
forward. That is the object of it, and that will
be the effect of it, and there can be none other.
Now, the District of Columbia, being afree com-
munity, just like a State, would, if it could, call
a convention to settle this matter—settle it just
as the States have settled it; "We are the
majority ; we are the ruling class of the com-
munity ; we have the power; we can exereisc
it year after year; but we do not choose to
invite that contest; we choose to form a con-
stitution and fix that matter at the outstart by
the exclusion of the weaker race from the right
of suffrage." That is right and proper and
wise, and anything else would be exceedingly
improper and exceedingly unwise.
Then, Mr. President, this being a question,
not of sharing the Government, this being a
question of dominion, who will have the do-
minion? You have one hundred thousand
whites and you have thirty thousand negroes,
and you have sixty thousand or one hundred
thousand negroes standing all around who have
no property, who have no ties to any particular
spot, who are not engaged in any business
which entangles them, perfectly free-footed to
come into the District within any period of
ten days and live here as well as they live
where they are. They may attain to the as-
cendancy in that way; but they do not need to
come here in equal numbers with the whites to
attain to the ascendancy. Sixty thousand ne-
groes here in the city, if you suppose there are
ten wards, may govern the city without any
difficulty. There is no difficulty in withdrawing
that kind of population from one ward to
another so as to enable them to carry a major-
ity of the city government, although it is a mi-
nority of votes. The whites do not enjoy these
facilities for colonizing and pipe-laying. A
man who owns large and valuable property
in the city cannot pull up stakes and go and
live in another ward in order that he may have
a controlling vote at an election ; but at least
nine out of every ten of the colored men can.
The effect of this bill, then, will be to intro-
duce these contests into the District of Colum-
bia, to perpetuate them annually, and to beget
a never-ending feud. If white .-men of the
same race can become as much embittered
against each other as we see that they ca,n
when in this society even now, in the society
of the best regulated States north, what are
you to expect when the vial of tCis tribal differ-
ence is poured in ? It is hardly to be supposed
that there were not wise men; before ug as well
as there were brave men before Agamemnon.
Why has this experiment never been tried
heretofore? Gentlemen say it has been tried
partially in Massachusetts. Very sparingly in
Massachusetts, and very well guarded; very
sparingly in New York, and very well guarded;
very sparingly in Maine, and very well
guarded—if not sparingly in the, words of the
law, sparingly in the number of negroes.
Mr. MORRILL. They all vote with us.
Mr. COWAN. They all vote j but is there
any of them? In Pennsylvania, where we
have one hundred thousand of them, We could
extend this privilege to them perhaps, and the
effect it would produce would hardly be appre-
ciable there. There would be no danger of
the tribal contest I have mentioned there.
You could not have a black party and a white
party there, because the blacks would not be
enough anywhere to make anything like a
party; they would hardly be enough in any
district in the State to hold even the balance
of power. It is a very different thing when you
speak about introducing this principle where
there are but few negroes, and where they form
a large element of the population, say one third
of it.
Mr. President, where was the necessity for
this? My honorable friend from Maine is
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. He has had these people under his
charge and control for the last four or five years.
He knows all about them; and I am here ready
to say, I think in all truth, that he has put them
in everyrespect upon a footing with the whites,
except in this political aspect. Does not the
negro in the Distriet enjoy his personal liberty,
his personal property ? Has he not a right to
go into court and sue ? It is likely that he is
oftener sued, but still he has the right to sue if
he can get anybody in debt to him. Ho has a
right to testify, which was thought to be a most
valuable right. He has all the rights that the
white man has except one, and what is that?
What is this invaluable right that is now to be
vested in the negro by this bill, when you come
to examine it? I will tell you, Mr. President,
what it is. He is to have the right now under
this bill to vote for a mayor and council. What
have that mayor and that council got to do?
Can they tyrannnize over him if they want to
do so? My honorable friend has fixed all that.
They have no power to affect him in any way.
They cannot affect any of his personal rights
or liberties in any respect.
Well, what have this mayor and council to
do? So far as I recollect, they have charge
of the streets, the sewers, the pavements, the
gutters, the side-walks, and all that kind of
thing. I believe these powers are delegated
to them specially by Congress. They have
them* within their jurisdiction. If the negro
has been imposed upon in any way by their
administration of this branch of the city gov-
ernment, my honorable friend should have
withdrawn the delegation of this power from
the mayor and common council and made a
general law which would have corrected the
evil. That I would have agreed to do. But
has anybody ever heard a negro complain of
the exercise of the power of the city govern-
ment in these respects ? Has he been heard
evpr to complain that the tax he contributes
for municipal purposes, which I suppose is not
the one thousandth part of the whole amount,
had been misapplied; that the side-walks had
been neglected; that the gutters had not been
cleaned ; that the gas and the water companies
had not been well arranged ? That is about
the extent of it. He is now to have a right to
vote for mayor and council, a right to inter-
fere with the distribution of the taxes of the
city. How much does he pay of them? Sup-
pose the negroes were here to-day numbering
one hundred thousand, equal to the whites,how
much of the taxes would they pay? And yet,
when they pay no taxes and the whites pay them
all, when the whites own all or nearly all of the
property, you talk about its being fair that the
negro should be permitted to intermeddle in
this matter and correct the malversation uud
the mal-government of the city officials. -
I have never heard even the most earnest
advocates of the measure allege these as rea-
sons why this new thing should be introduced
here. I have never heard my learned and elo-
quent friend from Main.e even hint at such a
filing; and why? Because if <there wasi such
a thing, it would be susceptible of another jnd
entirely different remedy. There, is nothing to
prevent Congress from withdrawing ajl the
power delegated to this mayor and common
council and resuming it themselves for the
purpose of correcting any difficulty that may
have occurred on these points.. Jut instead
of that, this extraordinary remedy i's resorted iou
Mr. MORRILL. My honorable Mead will
allow me to ask him how it is that in cfrawiog
this line he speaks of he finds it so easy to
establish a definite line as to all the eivil rights
of the colored man, affecting his life, his per-
son, and his property, and yet so impossible
to draw the line when he touches political
rights? I understand him to say distinctly
that in regard to civil rights he has no difficulty
in defining the line clearly ; the eolored man
has just as much right to protection in all his
civil rights, life, liberty,, person, property as
the white man, and that can be made clear;
but he denies that the line between the col-
ored and the white man can be drawn at all
without danger of infinite confusion whenever
yon change the political rights.
Mr. COWAN. I have a very simple answer
to all that. The right to life, liberty, property,
is the gift of God; the right to vote and the
right to hold office, which is the same thing, is
the gift of the community. That is alb The
negro who is prevented from having a vote in
a community has no more right to complain
of it than the defeated candidate after the elec-
tion has a right to complain. Wrhy ? Because
who shall vote is a question of expediency and
policy for the community to decide.
I ask my honorable friend himself if he saw
this thing in the light in which I see it, if h«
saw in thefuture prospects of this District noth-
ing but a strife between these two races of
men, that their parties would be based upon
their tribal distinctions, would he vote for this
measure ? WTould he not say that it was better
to tell the weaker: " You stand back, do not un-
dertake to participate, because as long as you
are the weaker you cannot be elected, and when
you get to be the stronger the others cannot be
elected.'' That is the whole of it. Itisnotjike
widening the franchise and allowing men of the
same race to come in; it is an entirely different
ijuestion, and one which merits the most care-
lul and serious consideration on the part of
everybody intrusted with it.
Does not every man know how much more
easy it is to appeal to a sectional prejudice than
it is to make an argument. How much easier
is it for a man to say, " come my brother Irish-
man with me,'' or "come my German friend,"
or "'you come the native?" This is the short
way to make a party, and it is a very effectual
one to make it even amongwhitemen; but what
argument is there in it? We have lamented that
tendency among ourselves. If that tendency
exists among Germans, among Irishmen, and
among native-born people, to associate them-
selves together according to some external mark
or symbol rather than to associate themselves
upon principle and fortify themselves by argu-
ment, ifthatis a mischief, will not this be much
more so?
Gentlemen talk about public opinion, the
public opinion of the country. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, what is the public opinion of the country ?
It is hardly ten years since a Congress sat here
which I suppose thought itself as wise a ^Con-
gress nearly as this is, which was called aKnow-
