1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!
lore
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• CONTINGENT EZi SNSISS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives of
the United States for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION 01 TIIB MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE, by unaninious consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Militia a bill
to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplin-
ing the militia, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
SEWERS, ETC., IN WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING-, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were discharged from
the further consideration of the claim of the
city of Washington for $181,387 for work per-
formed upon the streets and sewers of the city ;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
MItS. ELIZABETH FLETCHER.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth JTe) elier; which was read a first and
second tinu.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Elizabeth Fletcher, widow of Captain L.
W. Fletcher, late of company A, thirteenth
regiment Tennessee cavalry, on the list of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, to commence from the date of the
death of lier late husband and to continue
during her widowhood; and in the event of
the death or remarriage of the said Mrs. Eliza-
beth'Fletcher, then the pension is to be paid
to the legally-appointed guardian of the orphan
children of Captain L. W. Fletcher until they
shall have respectively attained the age of six-
teen years.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENSUS MARSHALS IN CALIFORNIA, ETC.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriationsbe
instructed to inquire into.the propriety of reporting
an appropriation Tor paying to the census marshals
for taking the ciprhtk census in California the amount
orba]ancesremainingdne,$9,4G0 48; also for tiie pay-
ment of outstanding California war oonds,ol0,188 oo.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN NEW YORK HARBOR.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War transmitting, in answer
to a resolution of the House of February 1,
18G7, a report of the chief of Engineers rela-
tive to the rocks sunk near the Sandy Hook
light house at the entrance of New York har-
bor ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
LINES OF WATER COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous can*
sent, laid before the,House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a re-
port of the chief of Engineers on the subject of
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 68.
certain lines of water communication, supple-
mental to General Warren's report of the 29th
ultimo, called for by the resolution of the
House of December 20, 1866; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
COMMERCE WITH BRITISH PROVINCES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of July 9,
1866, relative to the revenue of the trade and
commcrce of the United States with the Brit-
ish Provinces since the abrogation of the reci-
procity treaty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move that two thou-
sand extra copies of this communication be
printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. WARD, of New York, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers relative to the claim of Mrs.
Eliza Moorhead; also papers in relation to the
claim of Alexander W. McConnell.
Mr. LATHAM asked and obtained leave to
withdraw papers relative to the claim of J. F-.
Johnson.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
525) entitled ' 'An act supplementary to an act
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,
approved July 18, I860;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
leave of absence
Mr. POMEROY asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Conkling for ten days.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Phelps for two days.
QUARANTINE IN 'TIIE PORT OF NEW YORK.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, relative to quar-
antine at the port of New York:
"Whereas at the last session of the Legislature con-
current resolutions were pawed by the -Senate and
Assembly asking the national authorities to place
hulks and vessels gratuitously and temporarily at the
disposal of the commissioners of quarantine of this
State, to afford them means lor protecting the coun-
try against the spread of the terrible scourge of
cholera, which had then appeared in the midst of
us; and whereas pursuant to said request and under
the authority of a joint lesolution of Congress, passed
Oil the 24th of March, Mi, the Secretary of War
placed the steamship Illinois, and the Secretary of
the Navy placed the sloops-of-war Portsmouth and
Saratoga, at the disposal of said commissioners, by
moans of which they were greatly aided during the
past year in confining the ravages of the pestilence
to the waters of the harbor, thus piobably saving the
lives of many of our citizens ; and whereas our State
is still destitute of any suitable placo for the tem-
porary detention ot those arriving in .our harbor who
have boon exposed to contagious diseases, but are
not actually sick; and .it, is believed by many that
another summer will bring with it another visitation
of the cholera more severe and dangeious than that
through which we have just.pa«sed; and whereas the
said resolution of Congress is limited in.its effect to
tho period of one year from the time of its passage:
Therefore, .
" Resolved. That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be, and they aio hereby, requested to use
their best endeavors to secure the passage by that
body of an act or resolution directing the, Secretaries
of War and the Navy to allow the commissioners of
quarantine to continue tho use of the vessels afore-
said for quarantine purposes during tho present
year, and also to place at their disposal such other
hulks and vessels as they may require for that pur-
pose, in addition to those above mentioned, and
which may not be immediately required by the United
States for other uses,"
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution respecting quarantine
in the port of New York; whioh was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides for continuing for two years
the authority conferred by the joint resolution
of March 24, 1866, upon the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy respectively, to
place, in their discretion, gratuitously at thg
disposal of the commissioners of quarantine, or
the proper authorities of any of the ports of the
United States, to be used by them temporarily
for quarantine purposes, such vessels or hulks
belonging to the United States as are not re-
quired for other uses.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed,
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolution of the
Legislature of New Mexico, asking for the
appointment of a commission to settle claims
growing out of the Texas invasion of that Terri-
tory during the rebellion, and also asking an
appropriation for the payment of the same;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed:
To the Honorable the Congress of the United States :
Tour memorialists, the LegisIativeAssembly of tho
Territory of Now Mexico, would most respectfully
represent that during the Texas invasion of this Ter-
litory many thousand dollars' worth of property was
destroyed by the rebels, and our citizens have, in re-
sponse to a proclamation of tho late Governor, Henry
Connelly, filed their claims in tlie office of tlie Secre-
tary of the Territory.
four memorialists would most respectfully ask
your honorable body to appoint a commission to
settle these claims and to make an appropriation
sufficient to pay them.
And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever
pray.
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Territory be
and is hereby, directed to forward a copy of the fore-
going to the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representatives, with a request that
they will lay them before their respective Houses,
and also a copy to Hon. J. Francisco Chaves, our
Delegate in Congress. _ _ „
MIGUEL E. PINO,
President of the Council.
R. M. STEPHENS,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Approved, January 18,1S67,
W. J?. M. ARNY,
  Acting Governor.
United States of America,
Territory of Nsw Mbxico.
I, W. F. M. Amy, Secretary and Acting Governor
of New Mexico, do hereby certify that the foregoing
is a true copy, which is on file in my office, as passed
by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico at its present session.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my
r. „ n name and affixed my official seal this 18th day
U-.s.J of January, A. D. 1867.
W. E. M. ARNY,
Secretary and Acting Governor New Mexico.
loans of gold.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a report from the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SCHENCK. The joint and select
Committee on Retrenchment, to which was re-
ferred a resolution directing an inquiry into
alleged loans of gold by officers of the Gov-
ernment, have instructed me to make a report,
accompanied with a mass of testimony. I
may state for the information of the House
the conclusion of the committee, which is, that
" there is no foundation whatever for the
statements, allegations, and charges contained
in or implied by the House resolution of Jan-
uary 15." I move that the report and accom-
panying testimony be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT 01' INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the bill (IT. R. No. 1143) to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of,the
insurrectionary States, on which Mr. Stevens
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether it is his
purpose to press this bill to a vote to-day ?
Mr. STEVENS. Well^sir, I have not come
to any definite determination except to say that
