1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
treaty stipulations with any tribe or tribes of
Indians, all or any portion of whom shall be in
actual hostility to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, including the Creeks, Choctaws,
Chickasaws, &c., and other affiliated tribes, as
well as the Cherokees, as may be found neces-
sary to support such individual members of
said tribes as have been driven from their
homes or reduced to want on account of their
friendship for the United States, and enable
them to subsist until they can support them-
selves in their own country. The same thing
exactly was repeated in 1865.
That is the way in which we have treated this
subject for the last four or five years. Now,
this claim arises from a treaty of 1856. So long
as these appropriations came before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means they have been
uniformly rejected, and it is a pity that many
of these Indian treaties, so called, had not been
made inoperative and void by the refusal of
the House to make appropriations therefor
from the start.
Mr. STEVENS. Did they ever come before
them ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir, they did while
the gentleman was chairman—even those pro-
visions of 1862 and 1864 were inserted when the
gentleman himself was chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—and I will say so
far as concerns these treaties with the tribes of
Indians it is perfectly notorious that you can
make any treaty if you only have whisky enough
on the occasion. It is a farce to call them
solemn treaties. I regard them as not worth
the paper on which they are written. I have
been informed that when the Senate acted upon
this treaty there were scarcely half the members
present. It has never been considered at any
rate with that attention an appropriation of this
magnitude demands.
But, sir, if the claim was as pure as snow,
coming here at this late hour of the session I
think it would be well for us to reject it. Let
us have time to examine a claim of this kind
before it is pressed to a vote. If these Indians
have turned rebels and sold their services to
southern rebels to fight their battles and by
Indian warfare to strike terror into the hearts
of Union men, women, and children of the
South, they have forfeited all claim they may
have had upon the United States, whether
arising under treaty stipulations or otherwise.
I do not think we need to be in any hurry about
making this appropriation, and I am quite sat-
isfied there will be no harm in postponing it
until we. can determine first whether anything
is due, and second, ifanythingisdue, how much.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to perfect the
text by offering the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be paid
until the Committee on Indian Affairs of this House
shall examine the claims of tbe Choctaw and Chick-
asaw tribes of Indians under treaty stipulations, and
approve of tho justness of this appropriation of
$900,000.
This is a very large sum; and it relates to a
very suspicious portion of the people of the
United States, who happen not to stand so well
before the country as I wish they did. I sim-
ply propose by this proviso, inasmuch as we
nave not time for examination, that the claim
shall go to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and if it isdecided to be ajust one by that com-
mittee then let it be paid. These Cherokees
and Choctaws are now dealing most unmerci-
fully with the loyal portion of their tribe. It
was proposed in this treaty that a certain sum,
as settled by the Commissioner, should be paid
to those loyal Indians. The disloyal people
are impeding its payment; they are driving
out the loyal men of Fort Gibson, who are now
fleeingin mid-winterbarefootand almost naked.
I wish to have the treaty examined, and I do not
know where the claim can go so well as to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I wish to be no
party to truce or treaty breaking, but I want an
examination, and I believe if the question goes
to this committee we shall have a proper ad-
justment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to call the
attention of the House to one feature of this
section. It provides that this claim shall be
paid according to the terms of a certain adjust-
ment made by the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the Senate in their report to that body on
the 19th of June, 1860. Now, there is no alle-
gation that the report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was adopted by the Senate; and if
it was not, it stands as a mere recommenda-
tion of the committee. I desire to know from
the Committee on Appropriations whetherthere
was any action by the Senate on that report, or
whether it stands as a mere recommendation
to the Senate by the committee as yet unacted
upon.
Mr. GRINNELL. In addition to the treaty
stipulations, I have it from the gentleman who
was then Secretary of the Interior and from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that they
would not allow the insertion of one dollar as
being due to the Cherokees and Choctaws. I
think it is due that the House should know so
much in regard to it. I do not know what
interpretation may be put upon the treaty ; I
only wish to have it thoroughly examined.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Exception seems to
be taken to this appropriation because it is an
appropriation bill. Now, sir, an appropria-
tion bill is the proper place for appropriations
to carry out treaties as much as to carry out
laws. A treaty is the highest law. It seems
from the treaties which were presented to the
Committee on Appropriations that there is an
obligation resting upon the Government of the
United States to pay this sum of money. The
gentleman from Vermont objects to this be-
cause it comes late in the session. So there
are several appropriation bills that came late
in the session, and the Bame objection will
apply to every one of these appropriations. It
is true this appropriation bill comes late in the
session, as deficiency bills always do.
Now, if this is a treaty obligation upon the
United States, there is no escape from it. The
assertion that these Indians have been hostile
to the Government, that they have been rebels
or are doing this or that, that they are perse-
cuting one another, is no argument against the
obligation that we are under to carry out ex-
isting treaties, especially a treaty ratified by
the Senate in June last, since the war closed.
I suppose no gentleman desires to violate a
solemn treaty obligation. That is the only
question, and there is no more propriety in
referring this subject to the Committee on
Indian Affairs than there would be in referring
any other item of appropriation to a committee
which examines that subject. With the same
propriety an appropriation for the purpose of
carrying on the Treasury Department should
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and an appropriation to carry on the
Indian department to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire a communication
from the Department on this subject shall be
read, and for that purpose I move to strike out
the last word.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior.
Washington, D. C., February 5, 1867.
Sir: I have the honor to invite the attention of
the Committee on Appropriations to a claim of the
Choctaw nation of Indians against the United States
growing out of treaty stipulations, and to the neces-
sity of an appropriation to meet it.
By the eleventh article of the treaty concluded at
the city of Washington on the 22d of June, 1865, be-
tween the United States and the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw tribes of Indians, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. xi,
p. 613,) it was stipulated and agreed as follows:
" The Government of the United States, not being
prepared to assent to the claim set up under tho
treaty of September 27, 1830, and so earnestly
contended for by the Choctaws as a rule of settle-
ment, but justly appreciating the sacrifices, faithful
services, and general good conduct of the Choctaw
people, and being desirous that their rights and
claims against the United States shall receive ajust,
fair, and liberal consideration, it is therefore stipu-
lated that the following questions be submitted for
adjudication to the Senate of the United States:
" 1. Whether the Choctaws are entitled to or shall
be allowed the proceeds'of the sale of the lands ceded
by them to the United States by tho treaty of Sep-
tember 27,1830, deducting therefrom the cost of their
survey and sale andalljustand proper expenditures
and payments under the provisions of said treaty;
and if so, what price per acre shall be allowed to the
Choctaws for the lands remaining unsold, in order
that a final settlement with them may be promptly
effected; or
" 2. Whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum in further and full satisfaction of all their
claims, national and individual, against the United
States; and if so, how much."
Pursuant to this treaty stipulation tho Senate, on
the 9th of March, 1859, made their award in the form
of a resolution in the following words, namely,
(Senate Journal, Second Session Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, 1858-59, page 493:)
"Whereas the eleventh article of the treaty of
June 22,1855, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians, provides that the following questions be sub-
mitted for decision to the Senate of the United
States:
" 1. Whether the Choctaws are entitled to or shall
be allowed the proceeds of the sale of the lands
ceded by them to the United States by the treaty of
September 27,1830, deducting therefrom the costs of
their survey and sale, andalljustand proper expend-
itures and payments under the provisions of said
troaty; and if so, what price per acre shall be al-
lowed to die Choctaws for the lands remaining un-
sold, in order that a final settlement with them may
be promptly effected; or
"2. Whether the Choctaws shall beallowed a gross
sum in further and full satisfaction of all their
claims, national and individual, against the United
States; and if so, how much:
"Resolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the pro-
ceeds of the sale of such lands as have been sold by
the United States on the 1st day of January last-
deducting therefrom the costs of their survey and
sale and all proper expenditures and payments under
said treaty; excluding the reservations allowed and
secured, and estimating the scrip issued in lieu of
reservations at the rate of $1 25 per acre; and further,
that they be also allowed twelve and a half cents per
acre for the residue of said lands.
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior came
an account to be stated with the Choctaws, showing
what amount is due them according to tbe above
prescribed principles of settlement and report the
same to Congress." (See Reports Senate, No. 374,
second session Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1858-59.)
In obedience to the direction contained in this
resolution, the Secretary of the Interior caused an
account to be stated, and found that according to the
principles of settlement prescribed by said resolution
there was due to the Choctaw Nation the sum of
$2,981,247 30.
This account was transmitted to Congress on the
8th of May, 1860. In the Senate it was referred to
tho Committee on Indian Affairs, who revised the
account and reduced the amount thus reported to be
due the Choctaws to $2,332,560 85. (Senate Docu-
ment, 283, first session Thirty-Sixth Congress; Sen-
ate Reports, volume two.)
Congress, by act of March 2,1861, (Statutes-at-Large,
volume twelve, page 238,) made an appropriation of
$500,000 on account of this claim, in the following
form:
" For payment to the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians, on account of their claim under the eleventh
and twelfth articles of the treaty with said nation or
tribe, mado the 22d of June, 1855, the-sum of $500,000;
$250,000of which sum shall be paid in money; and
for the residue the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause to be issued to the proper authorities of the
nation or tribe, on their requisition, bonds of the
United Stale*, authorized by law at the present session
of Congress: Provided, That in the future adjustment
of the claim of the Choctaws, under the treaty afore-
said, the said sum shall be charged against the said
Indians."
Soon after this appropriation was made the sum
of $250,000 was paid the Indians in money as directed,
and the $250,000, provided to be paid in bonds, having
been drawn from the Treasury and used according to
the direction contained in the sixth section of the act
of March 3,1866, (Statutes-at-Large, volume twelve,
page 5G3,y there is still due the Indians under the
award made by the Senate the sum of 81,832,560 85.
By treaty concluded with the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws on the 28th of April, 1866, it was stipulated and
agreed as follows, namely: (Acts first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, pages 90 and 95.)
"Article X. The United States reaffirms all obli-
gations arising out of treaty stipulations or acts of
legislation with regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations, entered into prior to the late rebellion, and
in force at that time, not inconsistent herewith; and
further agrees to renew the payment of all annuities
and other moneys accruing under guch treaty stipu-
lations and acts of legislation, from and after the
close of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1866."
"Article XLV. All the rights, privileges, and
immunities heretofore possessed by said nations or
individuals thereof, or to which they were entitled
under the treaties and legislation heretofore made
and had in connection with them, shall be, and are
hereby declared to be, in full force, so far as they are
consistent with the provisions of this treaty."
These Indians are represented as being in a very
destitute and necessitous condition, and are urgent
in their request for an appropriation of the balance
of the amount awarded to them, but which remain!
unpaid.
It is believed that it could not be made available
to them at a more opportune occasion than the pres-
ent, as it would afford relief from their present suf-
ferings and wants, and furnish them the means of
repairing to a great extent the losses to which they
have beei subjected during the past few years.
The balance claimed by the Choctaw nation is
clearly due them, and for the payment of which the
faith of the Government is solemnly pledged. I
therefore recommend that the necessary appropria-
