1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
I desire a vote as early as possible, and unless
•there are some • circumstances which require
•longer delay I should desire to hare the rote
reached this evening.
Mr. FINCK. This is, in my judgment, the
most important measure that has ever been
presented to an American Congress: and-I sug-
gest to the gentleman and to the House that
some time ought to be allowed, not merely for
its discussion, bat for its examination. I there-
fore propose that, if it meet the favor of the gen-
tleman and the House, we postpone this bill,
. after the gentleman gets through with his speech,
until Monday, so that a vote may be taken after
something like deliberate discussion. "We are
not prepared to go into the discussion to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. All I can say with re-
gard to that suggestion is that-, considering the
period of the session to which we have arrived,
and the difficulty of passing a bill of this kind
through the Senate, where there are no means
of restricting debate,'I do not feel justified in
consenting to any postponement of this bill. I
trust that when the bill is taken up we shall
proceed without interruption to the end of the
debate. I do not feel disposed to restrict de-
bate or to prevent any gentleman from being
heard. On our side, there is, I trust, no dis-
position to occupy much time in debate, but to
yield the time, to a great extent, to gentlemen
on the other side. I hope so, though I have
had no understanding of that kind.
Mr. FINCK. I suggest to the gentleman
that, in order to discuss this measure properly,
there ought to be some time for its examina-
tion. We cannot this morning enter upon the
discussion in such a manner as we would like
to do.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I merely wish to
suggest, in connection with the proposition sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Fiuck,] that 1 concur in the opinion expressed
by him that this is a very important measure.
At the same time, I appreciate the fact stated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania that we
have arrived at that period of the session when a
measure of tliis kind ought to be proceeded
with, avoiding all unnecessary delay.
I would suggest, therefore, that to-day and
to-night, if thought proper, bo given to the dis-
cussion of this measure, and that the vote be
taken to-morrow.
Mr. LK BLOND. I would like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Iowa as well
as to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It
has already been said, and I think it is con-
. ceded upon both sides of the House, this is,
perhaps, the most important bill ever pre-
sented to the American Congress. If that be
so, I am certain gentlemen on this, and I pre-
sume also on that side of the House, could not
be expected suddenly to act on it, unless in-
deed the majority have in their outside Con-
gress deliberated ou this measure and come to
some conclusion on it. A while ago the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, speaking I suppose
on behalf of the gentlemen on that side of the
House, said none there were desirous of speak-
ing on this proposition. I submit, on a bill of
this magnitude, presented to members at twelve
o'clock, to go into debate on it at this time is
next to impossible.
It strikes, as the gentleman suggests, and as
it must be conceded, at the civil governments
in those States. It ignores State lines. It
ignores those States in every particular. It
destroys their civil governments. It breaks
down the judicial system in those States.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the discussion
of this matter in this irregular way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. The Clerk will road the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"IVhilo a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another tor explanation of the ponding
measure as well as for personal explanation."
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
to recommit this bill, which opens up the dis-
cussion of its merits. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor, and yields
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. Would it not be sufficient
to allow to-day and this evening for debate ? '
Mr. LE BLOND. That is what I am speak-
ing about. I am trying to show the impossi-
bility of our being urged to speak on this sub-
ject, one of such magnitude, as it is desired.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman will allow
me a moment. I would like to make a sug-
gestion in regard to debate on this subject,
which possibly may mfeet the concurrence of
both the gentleman from Ohio and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. It seems to be agreed
on all sides that this is a question of so much
importance it should not be acted on without
a chance for debate; yet I think it is also agreed
on both sides of the House debate should not
be wholly without restriction of some kind.
What is wanted is an opportunity to state views
of individual members on the bill, not as I un-
derstand to make full and exhaustive speeches
on the whole subject. I suggest the discussion
begin in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or otherwise, restricting it
to twenty minutes or a half an hour each.
A Member. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. RAYMOND. Let me say on that point
I think the question involves principle, and it
is difficult to mako a statement in ten minutes
that will answer the purpose. Lot the debate
commence without restriction, without fixing
when the final vote shall be taken, and when
it becomes unimportant let the gentleman from
Pennsylvania call the previous question. 1
think we can close it to-day, or reach a point
when all will be willing to take the vote.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to say to gentlemen
on the other side that wo are not disposed to
talk on this subject at unreasonable length.
Wedonot ask it; butwedo not feel like going
into debate at this time without proper exam-
inalion of the bill. Let us fix a day—as sug-
gested by my colleague, next Monday—when
the vote on this bill will be taken. Until then
allow tho.se who wish to speak on it. As to
limiting each one to len or twenty minutes on
a bill of this magnitude for one 1 cannot con-
sent. ; other gentlemen may do as they see
proper. It does not comport with my idea of
legislation. A decent respect to the people
wo represont, a decent respect to the Con-
gress of the United States in the eyes of the
civilized world, would require this bill should
have more deliberation than even that pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York. Sir,
I have some desire that the civilized world
shall come to the conclusion that we do at
least deliberate upon bills of importance.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose this talk comes
out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will reduce
my suggestion to the form of a motion: I move
that the debate now proceed, each speech being
limited to twenty minutes.
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
Mr." WENT WORTH. I object unless we
allow the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
IIise] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
an hour each. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. FINCK. I desire to renew my propo-
sition to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
after he gets through with his speech the bill
be postponed until Monday, and then let the
discussion go on during Monday and Tuesday,
and take the vote on Tuesday.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, do I under-
stand that the objection to the proposition of
the gentleman from New York comes from the
other side of the House or from this side ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] and the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wextworth] objected.
Mr. WENT WORTH, i only objected un-
less my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Hise]
should have a chance to speak one hour.
[Laughter.] I withdraw the objection.
Mr. ROGERS. I objectto any arrangement
of that sort.
Mr. HISE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield?
Mr. STEVENS. I must decline.
Mr. FINCK. Do I understand the gentle-
man to decline my proposition ?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot accept it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a suggestion to
my friend from Pennsylvania, that we devote
two night sessions to debating this subject—
this evening and to-morrow evening.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree that this
should go over more than one night.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, say to-night.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
to-night.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a night
session can be made at any time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentlemen on
the other side if that will be satisfactory to them ?
Mr. LE BLOND. I can only speak for my-
"self, and shall only speak for myself. I have
already indicated to the gentleman that a
proposition of that kind would not be accepted,
for the reason that we have had no time to ex-
amine the bill and t.o prepare any remarks
upon it. The proposition of my colleague
[Mr. Fikck] does seem to me to be reason-
able. I know the gentleman who introduced
this bill makes this remark: that we are com-
ing to the close of the session and 
Mr. STEVENS. I only gave way to my
friend from Tennessee to make a motion.
evening session.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the motion that
we take a recess to-day from half past four to
half past seven o'olock; and I will simply
remark that if there is anything we do'under-
stand it is the subject of reconstruction, and all
wo want to understand now is the special pro-
visions of the bill before us.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask whether that motion
includes "for debate only."
The SPEAKER. That motion would require
unanimous consent. Is there objection to
limiting the evening session to debate only?
Mr. GRINNELL. I object.
resolutions oj? pennsylvania legislature.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, asking for a reduction of the
tax on petroleum ; which were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
personal explanation. ♦
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a personal matter that I intended to
have noticed some days ago.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. STEVENS. To a personal matter?
Yes, sir. ' .
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio making a personal ex-
planation? The Chair hears none.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in a
service in this body for a period of some eight
years I have never before asked the indulgence
of the House to make a personal explanation.
I do so this morning with reluctance, because
as a rule the notice or the reading of such an
article as I propose to notice is what sensa-
tional correspondents most desire. But for
the fact that the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is charged with
being in a conspiracy with General Butler and
myself to stab General Grant I would not now
call the attention of the House to the article
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It will be remembered that about a month ago
Mr. Ashley, offered a. resolution in the House of
Representatives directing the Judieiary Committee
to inquire if any officer of the United States had been
guilty of high crimes or misdemeanors within the
meaning of the Constitution, or had conspired to
subvert the Constitution of the United States. This
looked at the time,_ certainly to me, and I think to
most others, rather like the evasion of a direct charge
against the President than an attempt to make it
more comprehensive, and to include others besides
that unhappy gentleman. I know that most of those
who referred to the subject in conversation at the
time so regarded it. There was one gentleman, how-
ever, on the floor of the House of Representatives
who, as if by inspiration, sa\? through it the
