1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
day morning, and I move that the House take
a recess untal Monday morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
it is his duty, that unless the appropriation
bills are reported back in this night's session
from the Committee of the Whole, passed by
the House, sent to the Senate and passed, then
sent to committees of conference, and the re-
ports of the committees agreed to, they will
probably be lost, unless the President should
sign them without reading them. The Clerk
has all the force he can employ engaged in
engrossing, but it will take twenty hours to
engross the tax bill, and it will probably have
to be reported to-morrow (Sunday) evening
and sent to the President.
Mr. HOGAN. I move the House continue
in session until nine o'clock in the morning,
and then take a recess until nine o'clock to-
morrow night.
Mr. STEVENS. We cannot fix any time
now for taking a recess. All we have to do is
to apply ourselves to finishing up as rapidly as
may be business now before us.
Mr. HOGAN. I withdraw my motion.
printing of evidence.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called up
a motion made at the last session of Congress
to reconsider the vote by which certain evidence
was ordered to be printed, as it was an entirely
useless expense.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
then the order for the printing was rescinded.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that five thousand
copies of the tax bill in the usual form be
printed for the use of the House.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
bankrupt bill.
Mr. HILL moved that five thousand copies
of the bankrupt bill be printed for the use of
the House.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
deficiency bill again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the deficiency '
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that all debate on
the pending section in reference to the Choc-
taw Indians was by order of the House to be
closed in ten minutes.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
expect to be able to enlighten this committee
on the subject under discussion before it. I
must confess I know very little about this appro-
propriation, and have been unable so for to
learn much from anything that has been said
here. We have been pretty well assured, how-
ever, that this claim has never been considered
anywhere by any committee; and that it has
not regularly been reported from any com-
mittee.
But the point I wish particularly brought to
the attention of the House is the one to which
I will refer. I am somewhat refreshed to hear
the remarks which have fallen from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens. J I
am glad to hear him enunciate the doctrine
which he has to-night in regard to these rebel
Indians. I remember only a short time ago
when he declared in reference to the States
called the rebel States, that all constitutions,
all the treaties and obligations entered into
with them were abrogated and dissolved by the
war. I recollect how eloquently he discoursed
on that subject, and how boldly he claimed the
rebels were conquered subjects, in our power,
to be treated as we saw fit, by what he declared
to be the power of the conqueror under the
laws of nations. I am glad to hear sympathy
expressed on that side of the House for any
persons whom tliey may consider ever to have
been in the wrong. 1 do not see, however,
; why treaties made by the United States with
these Indians were not abrogated, were not
dissolved by the fierce fires of civil war which
dissolved the Constitution of the United States, 1
which dissolved the constitution of the States,
which dissolved all compacts, which dissolved
all obligations that ever existed between the
people of the rebellious States and the people
of the adhering States.
I cannot understand why the same rule
should not apply to these Indians, or why we
should not be absolved from all our obligations
to them as well as to those white persons who
took part in the rebellion. I cannot under-
stand, Mr. Chairman, why the gentleman would
not apply precisely the same rule to the rebel
Indians that he would to rebel whites; and yet
we see here that he would apply not only a
different rule but a more kindly and generous
one to the savage Indian who has been in rebel-
lion against the United States than he would ap-
ply to those of his own race, kindred, and blood.
The Indian's rebellion does not, it seems, ac-
cording to the gentleman's logic, dissolve our
treaties with him nor our obligations to him ;
but the white man's rebellion, the white man's
violations of the relations between him and us, /
absolved us from all our obligations to him.
Now, I would apply precisely the same rule
to the Indian as to the white man. If we have
entered into any obligation to the Indians
which is binding; if we have plighted our faith;
if we have recognized since the rebellion the
treaties made before the rebellion, or have in
any way condoned their rebellion, then I would
fulfill the obligation and stand by the treaty ;
and I admonish the gentleman that the same
rule applies to the people of the South, and
that if since the war we have condoned their
rebellion, if we have admitted that the rela-
tions which existed between us before the war
are still in existence, if we have pardoned any
of them, then let us acknowledge the obligation
and preserve our faith and honor to all, without
regard to race or color.
Mr. WINDOM. By the same treaty of 1866,
under which it is claimed that all our liabili-
ties to these tribes were revived, it is also pro-
vided that a commission shall be appointed to
go into the Indian country and take proof of
the claims of loyal Indians for damages com-
mitted against them by the Choctaws and Chick -
asaws who were disloyal. Now, it is insisted
by the nation that we are bound to pay them
under this treaty; and the committee are about
to hasten through the House this section in
regard to their pay, while at the same time
their agents have placed upon our table a pro-
test against paying what they are bound under
the same treaty to pay for damages done to
loyal Indians.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to say whether
we are bound to pay this debt provided for in
this eighth section or not; but this I do feel
satisfied of, that if we do pay it we should at
the same time require that nation to comply
with their obligations, entered into by the same
treaty, to pay the loyal Indians among them
for the damage which they have done them.
I am in favor of postponing this for the pres-
ent and settling both at the same time.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise simply to reply to
the allusion that was made to me bv my friend
from New York, [Mr. Conklixg]—to reply to
his intimation that the resolution which I
introduced was intended to sugar-coat this
nauseous pill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, if the
gentleman will allow me I will state that I said
expressly that I had no doubt his purpose was
to guard it, but that I had been tola long before
we reached that section there would be such a
motion made, though not that it would be made
by him.
Mr. GRINNELL. Well, I simply desire to
say that during the four years that I have been
here I have never yet been approached by any
claimant nor by the agent of any claimant be-
fore the American Congress ; and that not only
have I never conversed with any of these par-
ties. but that I do not even know their names.
I believed that if this claim were referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, under the
1 supervision of the able chairman of that com-
' mittee, for whom I have the highest respect, it
would receive a fair and honest and a timely
adjustment; and my resolution was designed
to secure for it such an adjustment. That was
my purpose. I was prejudiced against the
claim. I believed, as I still believe, that the
parties asking this measure are bad; I believe
they are using their brothers, the loyal Indians,
with cruelty ; and I wish not to pay one dollar
more than is required by the letter of the
treaty. In the proviso which I offered I meant
not " sujjar-coating" of any kind, but honesty
and justice to all parties concerned. I have
deemed this brief statement due to myself, in
view of the intimatiom made by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Mr. Chairman, it is
claimed by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that the rejection of this claim
will be bad faith and a violation of the treaty
stipulations with the Indians named. The de-
cision of the Attorney General of the United
States, as read before the House in the Miami
Indian case, is in direct conflict with the opin-
; ion of the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and declares in express terms that the
I Congress of the United States have not only the
;! power but the right to withhold appropriations
in execution of Indian treaties, and thus in-
directly defeat their purposes. It is charged,
and not denied, that these Choctaw Indians
were rebels and participated in arms in the
attempt to destroy the Government of the
United States. Sir, the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has repeatedly an-
nounced to this House and the country that he
favored measures to "punish traitors and
make treason odious," and now that an op-
portunity offers to stamp the treason of those
faithless recipients of our past protection and
paternal care he abandons his avowed pur-
poses, and we who would follow him are com-
pelled to execute the wishes of the loyal men
of the country. Sir, I rejoice in the oppor-
tunity of placing myself consistently on the
record, and have sought opportunity to do so
from the first day of this session.
Mr. GRINNELL. At the request of gen-
tlemen about me I withdraw my amendment.
The question being then taken upon Mr.
Morrill's motion to strike out the entire sec-
tion, there were—ayes eighty-five, noes not
counted.
„So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I offer the following as
an additional amendment:
Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized to pay to the Yancton Sioux
Indian scouts, who were called into service by Gen-
eral Sully, in 1864, for the protection of the frontiers
of Dakota and Iowa, the sum of twenty-five dollars
per month each, for their services and the use of
their horses for the time they were actually em-
ployed, and for this purpose the sum of $7,500 is
hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a point of order.
This amendment is not germane to the bill; it
is independent legislation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make the additional
point, that the appropriation here proposed is
not in pursuance of any law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed, in order
to afford suitable fire-proof rooms in the Treasury
building for the Bureau of Internal Revenue and its
records and files, and to remove the fame fr>m the
unsafe building where they now are, and to relieve
the Treasury building from the nuisance and injury
caused by the printing and manufacturing,opera-
tions now carried on therein, to dispense with the
present printing and engraving establishment of the
Treasury, and to procure the engraving and printing
of the bonds, notes, fraotional currency, and other
Government securities sad circulating medium by
