1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
it was 9ffered, ancl construed aright the poisonous
malice it conccalcd under an apparently harmless
coating of words. The presentation of such a reso-
lution, whose coming had not been heralded by any
previous announcement or intention, and was known
but to half a dozen members, very naturally threw
the House into a temporary confusion, and created
quite a stir on the Republican side, what the pub-
lic already knows on the subject is only what trans-
pired in-the way of regular business, but the by-play,
that did not come under that head, is the important
part that shows the animus of the movement.
"As soon as the resolution was read, Mr. Bingham
jumped from his seat and went over to Ashley, to
whom he addressed some very strong languago.'a'sk-
ing him what he meant by such a proposition as that,
and why he did not frame it to apply to the Presi-
dent only, instead of making it a drag net to include
every officer of the.Government. Asijley hesitated
a while, affected a knavish smile, and replied that
he 4 guessed it was all right.' 'No, it isn't all right,'
said J3intgham. * It's a stab at General Grant, and
no &uch malicious thing shall go through the House
if I can help it.' 'Suppose it does include Grant,'
said Ashley; 'can't we investigate his conduct too;
and can't we impeach him if he has been guilty un-
der the resolution V Bingham looked at Ashley a
moment, and replied in nervous wrath: 'Ashley,
you're a fool. Don't you know that you can't im-
peach any but a civil officer of the Government under
the Constitution?' By this time quite a gt'oup had
eollectcd where the colloquy was being held, and
Xhad. Stevens, scenting a breeze, had come over to
avert a storm. Addressinghim, Bingham askedwhat
was the meaning of this damnable assault uponGen-
eral Grant. ' Oh, nothing,' said Stevens, in his in-
sidious way, 'only we want to investigate some charges
recently made against him. I don't see why Grant
should be free from investigation any more than
Johnson. lie's just as bad as Johnson.' Bingham
again denounced what he termed very aptly ' a foul
conspiracy against the chief officer of the Army of
the Republic,' and he gave the few friends of the res-
olution who were around him fair warning that if
they passed it. he should expose the cowardly pro-
ceeding as it deserved.
"By this time the resolution had ' gone over,' as
the pailiainentary phrase is, from a refusal of the
House to suspend the rules. Quiet had been restored
on the floor, and the business of the day was quietly
proceeding. Bingham addressed Ashley, in presence
of several members, in language like this: ' Toll the
honest truth now, who instigated that resolution?'
'Why, what makes you think it wasn't my own?'
inquired Ashley. 'Because,' said Bingham, 'I
know theie is too much cunning in it for you, and
I'll bet you anything you dare thatTHAD. Stevens
and Ben. Butler cither wrote it or dictated its spirit.'
Ashley ajrain protested against Bingham's right to
question the authorship; and Bingham again re-
peated that there was too much craft and design
about it for anybody but Stevens or Butler. What
from Bingham's earnestness and Ashley's faintly
disguised equivocation, thedispute had becomequite
interesting, and a number of Radical members had
collected abound the disputants. After some further
bantering and badgering on Bingham's part, Ashley
confessed that 'Stevens had a little to do with it,
and Butler had a little to do with it, and that one of
its principal objects was to give Butler an opportu-
nity of making and proving certain charges against
General Grant.'"
Mr. EGGLESTON. T would ask the gen-
tleman iron) what paper this was read ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is from the
National Intelligencer of Saturday last, aud
purports to be from the Washington corre-
spondence of the Cincinnati Commercial, dated
January 20, 1867.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Then I rise to a ques-
tion of order and object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has
been granted to the gentleman from Ohio to
make a personal explanation, and he is entitled
to one hour to make an explanation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, of
all the stupid falsehoods manufactured and
sent forth from this city by reckless, unscrupu-
lous maligners, this story in which my name
is made to figure is the most absurd.
If the House will indulge me for a moment
I will state the history of that resolution. And
here, sir, I will say that up to the hour when
my attention was called to this article I had
never, either directly or indirectly, in writing
or otherwise, passed a word with General
Butler on the subject of impeachment, nor had
I with any one authorized or claiming to speak
for hiin ; indeed, I did not even know what his
views were on the subject, except by news-
paper report, until a week or two ago I read
his celebrated speech at niy desk here in the
House.
Now, sir, upon this question of impeach-
ment, I have had my own views since my first
interview with the acting President, immedi-
ately after the assassination of President Lin-
coln. The conduct of the acting President
since that time has only confirmed me in the
impressions I then formed. I believe that he
ought to be impeached for the usurpation of
powers that belong under the Constitution to
Congress.
f Mr. KADFORD. I rise to a question of'
order. I submit that he is not making a per-
sonal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman'from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] asked to have read a letter in
regard to his resolution on impeachment in
which his name was associated with those of
General Butler and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens. J He is now exposing
the facts of the case in his own manner.
Mr. RADFORD. I supposed that the gen-
tleman was permitted to make a personal ex-
planation, and not to make an attack upon the
President
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
that lie has as yet transgressed the rules of the
House. He has confined his remarks thus far
to the question of impeachment, in connection
with which his personal explanation is made.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I was saying when
the gentleman made his point of order that I
had formed my own views "about this matter
and why I had formed them. T was saying
that I was for the impeachment of the acting
President becausehehad usurped powers which
under the Constitution belonged exclusively to
Congress for his infidelity to his official oath,
in that lie hadfailedtoexecutethelaws ; forhis
treason to the nation, in that he had entered
into a conspiracy to resuscitate the "lost
cause" and establish the late rebels in power;
thus rendering valueless the victories of the
Union armies and revolutionizing the Govern-
ment of the United States ; and being in pos-
session of information which satisfied me that
he was guilty of other acts which in contem-
plation of the Constitution were high crimes
and misdemeanors, I said to several gentlemen
that unless some other member introduced a
resolution inquiring into the conduct of the
President before the holidays I should be com-
pelled to do it.
I delayed until a few days before our adjourn-
ment for the holidays hoping some one would
move in the matter. At that time I intended
to offer a resolution substantially like the one
which was finally adopted by the House naming
the President.
On consultation with some gentlemen it was
thought a resolution more general in its char-
acter and not naming the President would
obtain a larger and more united vote. For that
purpose, and for that purpose alone, I drew
the resolution in the form in which it,was
offered. After I had drawn up the resolution
the first gentleman to whom 1 read it was the
distinguished gentleman from Illinois, now
absent, [Mr. Wasiiburne.] I afterward read
it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] and to two or three others, in order
to obtain their judgment upon it and learn
whether they would vote for it, and to be satis-
fied that they were clearly of the opinion that
under such a resolution we had the right to
investigate the charges which I proposed to
prefer against the President. Certainly noth-
ing was farther from my thoughts, or the
thoughts of any gentleman with whom I eon-
suited, than to inflict a stab in the dark upon
General Grant. If that had been my purpose
I would hardly have read the resolution to the
distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
for information only—and it seems to me that
it is more pertinent to the subject which is
embraced in the article read from the Clerk's
desk than anything else would be—whether he
did or did not have a conversation, similar_to
the one narrated in the correspondence, with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
I think that subject would interest us more
than the other.
Mr. ASHLEY of Ohio. I will come to that
directly; if I do not, the gentleman can cate-
chise me after I get through.
Now, it is well known to every member of
this House that neither General Grant nor
any officer in the Army could be arraigned by
this House on articles of impeachment aud
tried by the Senate under that resolution. If
that be so, then the charge that such was my
purpose, or the purpose of any gentleman with
whom I consulted, is so stupid that I dismiss
it with the contempt it deserves.
I consulted the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] only in regprd to the
phraseology of the resolution which I had
drawn up, and I made an interlineation or two
in the resolution at liis suggestion. After I
came to my desk I tore up that resolution and
wrote a new one, omittting what I thought
was unimportant. That resolution, redrawn,
and seen by no one but myself, was the one I
sent to the Clerk's desk for action by the
House. This is the history of that resolution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have only to add that
the language alleged to have been used by my
colleague [Mr. Binuiiam] was never in my
hearing, in this House or out of it, addressed
to me. Nor did I hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] use the remarks
which are attributed to him in the article
which I have caused to be read.
In making this explanation, Mr. Speaker,
I have yielded my own personal objections to
the wishes of others. I regret that I have
taken up so much of the time of the House
in correcting a publication which is so absurd
that it seemed to me to carry upon its face its
own refutation.
Mr. STEVENS. In connection with what
has been said, as my name has been mentioned,
I desire to say one word if there is no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Can I not yield
the remainder of my time to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr.* Stevens']
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] had resumed his seat, having
ended his remarks. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] can make a personal
explanation only by unanimous consent, and
the gentleman on the right of the Chair, his
colleague, [Mr. Dawson,] objects.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill for the more efficient govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose I can speak
upon the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor upon the regular order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 hope unanimous con-
sent will bo given to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] to speak upon the subject re-
ferred to by his colleague, [Mr. Ashley.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingiiam] has not asked unanimous con-
sent for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask it for him.'
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to say
anything upon the subject. [Laughter.]
government of insurrectionary states.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 1143) to provide for the
more efficient government of the insurrection-
ary States.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I thought
that in the course of this debate I heard some-
thing said with regard to an alleged conversa-
tion between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] and myself. If I was right in my
hearing of what was alleged to have been said
by myself and other gentlemen. 
Mr. ROGERS. 1 rise to a point of order.
T submit that the remarks of the gentleman
are not confined to the question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must confine
himself to the pending bill.
