1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. STEVENS. Yes,.sir; I am confining
myself to the bill; and finishing my sentence,
.as I should have finished it if I had not been
called to order, I say that-the. statement referred
to is wholly false. [Laughter.] /
Now, sir, in order that gentlemen on the
other side may not suppose that there is any
intention On our part—I ought, perhaps, to say
on my part', for I am not authorized to speak
for anybody 'pise—to do them injustice or to
deny them the opportunity for a full discussion
so far as the circumstances will allow, I will
try to confine my own remarks to but a few
moments. At this period of the session any
unnecessary delay must be fatal to the bill,
even if we have not already allowed so much
time to go by that it will not bo possible for
the bill to become a law before the close of
the session. Besides, this subject has been
already discussed fully in almost every phase
in which the question of reconstruction can be
handled. I do not perceive what can be
gained, on our side—1 .simply make the sugges-
tion ; my friends must decide for themselves—
I do not perceive what can be gained on our
side by further discussion to any considerable
extent; and X must take this occasion to say
that, after the bill has been discussed through
to-day and this evening, I shall feel myself
justified, and indeed bound by my duty, to ask
the House at one o'clock to-morrow to sustain
the previous question.
Sir, this is a bill for tho purpose of putting
under governments ten States now without gov-
ernments. They are States of tho late so-called
confederacy, as I have called them. Other
gentleman have contended that they were
States nowhere. I have differed with these
gentlemen in this respect. 1 have said that
.these were perfect States with perfect organi-
zations under a foreign government.*,. It is at
any rate certain that those States now have no
governments which are known to the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States of America;
that for nearly two years they have been lying
in a disorganized condition. Nearly two years
ago the armies of a government calling itself
the confederate Stales of America were con-
quered and the government was dispersed.
■By the law of nations the conqueror after that
had a right to say exactly what'government
should be administered over them or by them,
keeping always wilhin the law of nations^ The
conqueror had a right either to extend his own
laws over those conquered States, or if no
action was taken by tho conqueror, then by tho
law of nations tho old institutions were per-
mitted to run on for the purpose of administer-
ing iho local laws until such time as the con-
ouering party should act. I have merely stated
the condition of those States according to the
well-known principles of tho law of nations.
There having been no action on the part of the
conqueror, tho law of nations gave the institu-
tions then existing that kind of power for
domestic administration which is exercised by
every conquered province until the conqueror
provides for a better government.
The reason why no governments have been
provided, and they have been jjermitted to go
On under thegeneial law of nations, is because
there has been difficulty in harmonizing the
councils of the dominant party. The execu-
tive department has attempted to enact new
laws, to establish now regulations, to authorize
the conquered territory to be represented in
Congress, without the action of tho sovereign
Eower ol the nation ; and that sovereign power
as repudiated the authority which has at-
tempted to place States within those conquered
provinces, and has waited and waited patiently
m the hope that some arrangement could be
come to by which there should be harmony in
our councils, and tho kind of government ne-
cessary there might bo agreed upon without
collision. That hope has failed, and the longer
Congress has waited the more pertinacious
seems to be the determination of the Execu-
tive to maintain the usurpation which estab-
lished those governments. And now at this
late period it has become the duty of Congress
to assert its right and to do its duty in estab-
lishing some kind of government for this
people.
For two years they have been in a state of
anarchy; for two years the loyal people of those
ten States have endured all the horrors of the
worst anarchy of any country. Persecution,
exile, murder have been the order of the day
within all these Territories so far as loyal men
were conoerned, whether w;hito or black, and
more especially if they happened to be black.
We have seen the .best men, those who stood
•by tho flag of the Union, driven from their
homes and compelled to live on the cold charity
of a cold North. We have seen their loyal men
flitting about everywhere, through your cities,
around your doors, melancholy, depressed, hag-
gard, like tho ghosts of the unburied dead on
this side of the river Styx, and yet we have
borne it with exemplary patience. We have
been enjoying our "ease in oar inns;" and
while we were praising the rebel South and ask-
ing in piteous terms tor mercy for that people,
we have been deaf to the groans, the agony,
the dying groans which have been borne to us
by every southern breeze from dying and mur-
dered victims.
And now we are told we must not hasten
this matter. I am not for hastening it unduly ;
but I am for making one more effort to protect
those loyal men, without regard to color, from
tho cruelties of anarchy, from persecutions by
tho malignant, from vengeance viiitcd upon
them on our account. • If wo fail to do it, and
to do it effectually, Ave should be responsible
to the civilized world for, I think, tho grossest
neglect of duty that ever a great nation was
guilty of before to humanity.
Now, sir, with these few remarks I will say
one word as to what the bill is. Then, in com-
pliance with my determination, I will yield the
floor to such gentlemen who may wish to oc-
cupy it.
This bill provides the ten disorganized States
shall be divided into fivo military districts,
and that the commander of the Army shall
take charge of them through his lieutenants
as governors, or you may call them command-
ants if you choose, not below the grade of brig-
adiers, who shall have the general supervision
of the peace, quiet, and tho protection of the
people, loyal and disloyal, who reside within
those preciucts ; and that to do so he may use,
as tho law of nations would authorize him to
do, tho legal tribunals wherever he may deem
them competent; but they are to bo considered
of no validity per se, of no intrinsic force, no
force in consequence of their origin, the ques-
tion being wholly within the power of the con-
queror, and to remain until that conqueror shall
penflancnlly supply their place withsomething
else. I will say in brief that is the whole bill.
It does not need much examination. On§
night's rest after its reading is enough to
digest it.
Still, as there must be, and ought to be, on
these matters full discussion, so that the peo-
ple, tho sovereign people of the United States,
may hear and road and bo able to decide upon
the questions, we propose that in addition to
the three weeks (I think it was) already spent
in the discussion of reconstruction, a day or
two of the short remnant of the session may
be devoted to debate. I may remark that we
*4iave now perhaps loss than fifteen days this
side of a veto in which this bill must pass this
House and pass the Senate and be acted upon,
if it is to become a law.  We are, therefore, not
at liberty to indulge our friends on the other
side—which I would very much like to do, for
I would like to hear each one of them make a
speech on this subject—we are not at liberty
to indulge them by adjourning the action be-
yond the time of which I have given notice.
\Upon counting the days which we have left to
act, I do not see that it will be possible for us
to pass this bill with any hope of its becoming
a law under all the circumstances if longer
time is giveriy
Now, sir, I have said tbafl should not oc-
cupy much time. I hoped that gentlemen might
be limited to twenty minutes, so that more of
them could speak. I still hope that will be
done, and I again suggest, before I sit down,
that that proposition be accepted.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman consent
to let the debate go on to-day and to-morrow,
and take the vote on Monday ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have already, I think,
three times refused that proposition.
Mr. ROGERS. I uhaerstand he intends to
bring it to a vote to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. Say Saturday.
Mr. STEVENS. I have already said that
to-morrow, God willing, I will demand the
vote. I now yield fifteen minutes of the re-
mainder of my time to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Brandegee.]
Mrj BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I shall
give my support to the bill now before the
House, reported by the select Committee on
Reconstruction, with all my heart.
Of all the various plans which have been
discussed in this Hall for the past two years to
my mind it seems tho plainest, the most appro-
priate, the freest from constitutional objection,
and the best calculated to accomplish those two
master aims of reconstruction.
J. The garnering up of the fruits of our vic-
tories.
2. The restoration of peace and union upon
the only stable basis upon which peace and
union can be restored ; liberty to all, rights for
all, and protection to all.
It begins the work of reconstruction at the
right end, and employs the right tools for its
accomplishment. It begins at the point where
Grant left off the work, at Appomattox Court-
House, and it holds those revolted communi-
ties in the grasp of war until the rebellion shall
have laid down its spirit, as two years ago it
formally laid down its arms.
This bill is founded upon the indisputable
law of nations as affirmed by every publicist
from Vattel to Halleck, ancient or modern, and
denied by none whose word is an authority—
"That tho victorious belligerent may and should
holt! the vanquished belligeront in the grasp of war
until ho shall havo secured all the issues which have
been involved in tho contest, obtained absolute pro-
tection to the allies who have aided him, and such
added guarantees as shall forever soouro lum against
the renewal of tho contest."
Founded upon these principles which have
passed into the axioms of national jurispru-
dence, the bill is justified by the fact—to which
I challenge contradiction—that thus far not one
single issue of the late colossal contest has
been settled, not a solitary irrepealable guar-
antee has been obtained, and no protection
other than a mere mockery and insult secured
to those allies to whom, in the depth of your
distress, you cried out in agony for assistance
and succor.
Mr. Speaker, two years now in the coming
month of April have elapsed since the great
rebellion formally laid down its arms. What
have you thus far obtained for the three hun-
dred and fifty thousand of your first born who
sleep in bloody shrouds in these cold blasts of
the coming spring? What fijr the $4,000,-
000,000 of debt, for the.payment of which you
are compelled to rob the earth, the air, and
the sea? What one traitor has been punished
for his crime of crimes? Where upon this
broad continent has treason been made odious?
What protection is there to-day to loyally, black
or white, from the Potomac to the Rio Grande?
What indemnity have you for the past? What
security even for the future? What guarantee
against a new rebellion ?
A new rebellion! Why, Mr. Speaker, the
old rebellion has not yet been suppressed; it
still lives; it dominates in every one of these
reconstructed States; it has made loyalty
odious and treason respectable by forcing trai-
tors into the gubernatorial chairs of ten of the
eleven of these revolted communities; in ten
out of eleven it has sent traitors who auda-
ciously demand seats upon- this floor; it has
clothed treason with the ermine on the bench
of the ten revolted States; it has filled their
