1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
eontraot with such parties as shall contract to do
the same in the best and most secure manner, and on
the most reasonable terms, after full competition
beins: allowed by advertisement for proposals; and
a sufficient sum to pay the expenses of such remov-
als and changes and advertising is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sir. STEVENS. I raise the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I offer the following
amendment to the bill:
Be it further enacted. That for one year from and
after the passage of this act. machinery for the manu-
facture of beet sugar, and imported for that purpose
solely, shall be exempt from duty.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee j
rise and report the bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would inquire who
objected to my amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I did.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
withdraw his objection for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot; we have but lit-
tle time left in which to finish very important
legislation. I move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I rise to a point of
order: some time since, in stating who was
entitled to the floor, the Chair distinctly stated
that the gentleman from New York, in front of
the Chair, was entitled to the floor; and that
he would afterwards recognize the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss,] on the left
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did recognize
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotch-
kiss,] who offered an amendment, which has
been ruled out of order.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the Chair.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1039) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1868.
deficiency appropriation bill again.
The House, in the Committee of the Whole,
again resumed the amendment of the deficiency
appropriation bill. *
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I offer the follow-
ing, to come in as an additional section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the officers
appointed under the provisions of the seventh sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act granting the right
ot way to ditch and canal owners on the public lands,
and for other purposes," approved July 26, 1866,
shall, in addition to the duties imposed upon them
by the said act, do and perform all the duties which
the officers of any land district may legally do until
such time as the regular land office is established.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is independent legislation, and
therefore not in order on an appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
inserting the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the interior is hereby directed to examine
anew the site lor the jail authorized to be erected for
the District of Columbia, by an act of Congress of
July, 1866, and if in his opinion the site now selected
is not suitable for the purpose he is hereby author-
ized to select a different site: Provided, That if a
proper and eligible site can be found on any of the
Government land or reservations the said jail shall
be located thereon, and if no such site can be obtained
then the said Secretory is authorized to purchase the
most eligible tract of land upon whieh to locate the
same, at a price not exceeding $50,000; and the sum
of ♦50.080, or «o maoh thereof as may be necessary,
I appeal from the
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, to pay for any
tract of land purchased under the provisions of this
act.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order,
that this amendment is not germane to the bill,
and is independent legislation and not appro-
priate to this bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Let me state that
there has been an appropriation of $200,000
(o build ajail. A site located in a swamp has
been selected, not proper for this building.
But the jail must be built upon the site se-
lected, unless it is changed. And this amend-
ment is intended 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to
order, and ask the Chair to decide upon my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and rules the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Rice] to be out of order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine.
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the latter
part of Rule 120 be read.
Mr. STEVENS. Wedonot want any more
rules read. Let the question be taken.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does the Chair decide
that the question of whether the Chair is
wrong or right in his decision is not debata-
ble ? I contend that it is ; and if the Chair
will examine the rule he will find that it is
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
by order of the House all debate on this bill
is closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the Chair is in
error. According to my recollection the mo-
tion in the House was distinct that debate
should be closed on the pending section.
The CHAIRMAN. Ihe Chair must be gov-
erned by the orders of the House as communi-
cated to him. The information of the action
of the House received by the Chair is that all
debate was closed upon this section and all
amendments thereto. And the practice is es-
tablished by long usage that when debate is
closed on any given section or paragraph it is
also closed on all amendments to or following
that paragraph, whether in the form of new
sections or not. And no debate is in order
until another paragraph or section of the text
of the bill, if there be one, is read.
Mr. STEVENS. The question now is, as I
understand it, whether the decision of the
Chair in ruling the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Rice] out of order shall
stand as the judgment of this committee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to carry
into effect the recommendations of the commissioners
appointed under the acts of April 19,1864, and June
27,1866, relative to the Moline Water Company and
the water-power at Rock Island. Illinois, as con-
tained in tne report of said commissioners, and to
make application for that purpose of the money
heretofore appropriated for securing water-power at
the head of Rock Island.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order,
that this amendment is not germane to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg the Chair, before
deciding that question, to look at the law,
which will show that the amendment simply
proposes an application of an appropriation
already made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, after exam-
ining the law, thinks that the amendment is in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
desire to say a few word9 in support of this
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, I rise to a point.
of order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
moved to close debate on the pending section
only, announcing to us that it was not intended
to terminate debate upon new sections which
might be offered. Before the vote was taken
I asked the present occupant of the Chair
whether the debate was to be closed on the
section only, leaving new sections open to
debate, and I understood from the Chair that
such was the effect of the motion. Now, sir,
if I am not permitted to go on and explain the
amendment which I have offered I withdraw
it. I am satisfied that, if it were properly
understood by the House, it would encounter
no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to be to close debate upon the eighth section—
the last section of the bill—and all amendments
thereto; and on recurring to the Journal of
the Clerk, the Chair finds that to be the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania which
was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. My amendment is offered
' as an additional section. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania himself to say
whether he did not tell me and others around
me that his motion applied only to the pending
section and not to amendments which might
be offered as additional sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only
take the record as he finds it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the record is wrong.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule that no debate is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the Chair decides
that I cannot be permitted to explain my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
this is in the nature of an amendment to the
last section of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The committee rose informally.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
adopted the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 1126) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other pur-
poses.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 523) entitled " An act for the re-
lief of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon
the public lands;" when the Speaker signed
the same.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to add the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That for one year, from
and after the passage of this act, machinery for the
manufacture of beet sugar and imported for that
purpose shall be exempt from all duty.
Mr. HILL. I raise the point that the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I send up to the Chair
the law of July 26, which I ask him to read in
connection with the latter part of Rule ] 20,
and he will see by examining them that '.he
amendment which I ask the Clerk to read is
perfectly in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That no money shall be
paid out of the Treasury toward the construction of
the new jail for the District of Columbia unless the
letting of the contract for said jail shall besuspended
and delayed until perfected plans for the entire work
shall have been completed and approved by a board
of three, composed of disinterested and competent
engineers and architects, of whom Quartermaster
General M. C. Meigs and A. B. Mullett shall be two
nor unless the letting of said contract shall have
been open to fair and equal competition on reason-
able notice, printed in two leading newspapers pub-
lished in the city of Washington, after such approval
of said perfected plans.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
