1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
that this amendment is not germane to this
deficiency bill; that it has nothing in the world
to do with it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must over-
rule the point of order. It is a restriction of
an appropriation already made, and therefore
is in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move the
following as an amendment to the amendment:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Interior shall cause to be levied and assessed upon
the taxable property of the District of Columbia and
to be collected taxes sufficient pay for erecting said
jail. And the Secretary of the Interior may require
the municipal authorities and officers in the District of
Columbia to perform such duties as he may require or
prescribe to levy, assess, and collect the taxes herein
authorized, and to pay the ame into the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 1227,
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1867, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all rules be sus- 1
pended and the Commuk;e of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the deficiency appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. In accordance with the
understanding heretofore made, I move to strike
out the following paragraphs in the bill:
To pay for completing the repairs and furnishing
the Executive Mansion, $35,000.
To thoroughly repair the roof of the Executive
Mansion, $2,500.
I do not include the paragraph in reference
to fuel for the President's House, at the sug-
gestion of my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
dccided in the negative—yeas 58, nays 82, not
voting 61 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Beaman, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Defrees, Doming, Eeklcy, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry,
Grinnell, AbnerC. Harding, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Hul-
burd, Julian, Kelley, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Marquette, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKuer,
Morrill, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoficld, Shellabar-
per, Starr, Stokes, Upson, Van Acrnam. Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen 1*. Wilson, and
Windom—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Arnell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Buckland, Chanler, Cooper, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finck, Gar-
field, Hale, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, lfogan,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, J enckes, Kasson, Kerr.
Ketcham Koontz, Kuykendall, Lafltn, Latham,
George V . Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwieh, Marshall,
Marston, Marvin, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morris, Myers, Niblaok, O'Neill. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice.Sliankhn, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Taber, Nel-
son Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, and Wood-
bridge—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Benjamin, Blow, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Denison, Driggs, Dumont
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Henderson, Hill, Hisc, Hooper, De-
mas Hubbard, Ldwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, Longyear. Maynard,
McCullough, Newell, Nicholson,Noell, Plants, Rad-
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Elihu B. Washburne,
WinQold, and Wright—01.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
votes upon the various amendments; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post route bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 1182, to establish certain post routes.
There is no legislation in it, nothing but post
routes. It is a long bill, and if there is no
objection, the amendments of the Senate will
be concurred in.
No objection being made, the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in.
| public expenditures.
! Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent,
; from the Committee on Public Expenditures,
submitted a report; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed,
i An accompanying resolution, for the print-
ing of four thousand extra copies, was referred
to the Committee on Printing, tnder the law.
john h. surratt.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, submitted a report relative to
the arreBt of John H. Surratt; and moved that
it be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I want to hear that report
read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the Committee on
the Judiciary a right to report on that subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it was
authorized to report at any time.
Mr. LE BLOND. The Journal of the Clerk
would settle that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules upon his
recollection.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to suspend the rules
authorizing any member to demand the reading
of the report.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw the motion.
The Clerk read the report, in which the com-
mittee state that Mr. Surratt sailed from Canada
for Liverpool about the middle of September,
1865 ; that information was received by Secre-
tarySeward from Mr. Welding, then vice-consul
at Liverpool, by communication dated Septem-
ber 27, 1865, that Surratt was at that time at
Liverpool, or expected there in a day or two.
After detailing all the facts intervening before
the arrest of the prisoner, the committee say
whether an indictment was procured does not
appear from the testimony, but it does appear
that no demand for the surrender of Surratt
was ever made upon the British Government
from the foregoing and other evidences pro-
duced. Upon investigation the committee find,
1. That the Executive did not send any
detective or agent to Liverpool to identify Sur-
ratt or trace his movements, notwithstanding
there was ample opportunity for doing so, as
appears from the communication of Mr. Potter.
2.«The Executive did not cause notice to
be given to our minister at Rome that Sur-
ratt intended going there, when the Govern-
ment had every reason to believe that such
was his intentions.
3. That on November 24, 1805, an order
was issued from the War Department, revok-
ing the reward offered for the arrest of Surratt.
4. That from the reception of the com-
munication revoking the order, dated August
8, 1866, up to October 16, 1866, no steps were
taken either to identify or procure the arrest
of Surratt, then known to be in the military
service of the Pope.
The testimony of the Secretary of State, the
Secretary of War, and others, herewith sub-
mitted, explaining and tending to justify the
acts of the Government in the premises doea
not, in the opinion of the committee, excuse
the great delay in even attempting to arrest a
person charged with complicity in the assassi-
nation of the late President; and while the
committee do not charge improper motive*
upon the officers of the Government, they are
constrained from the testimony to report that,
in their opinion, due diligence in the arrest of
Surratt was not exercised by the executive
department of the Government.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Chairman 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table and print is not debatable.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont will withdraw the motion for a
few moments.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. At this late hour in
the evening I do not think it would be proper.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I call for a divis-
ion of the question; the motion to print is
certainly debatable.
The SPEAKER. A division being demanded,
i i the first question is on the motion to lay the
report on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to print
the gentleman from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I appeal to the gentle-
man to let me be heard a moment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will yield five
minutes.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not propose to enter
into any argument upon this proposition. It
is quite impossible that I should be able to do
it, for I have no knowledge on the subject ex-
cept what I have gathered from the reading of
this report from the Clerk's desk. It bears
upon its face a very palpable dodge. After
going on detailing what has been done by the
different Departments it concludes by exon-
erating the Secretary of State and the Secre-
tary of War from any blame in the matter
whatever; but it nevertheless does charge upon
the Executive of the United States almost com-
plicity in the assassination of the late President
of the United States.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Oh, no.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will change the expres-
sion and say that it charges a dereliction of
duty in not having this man Surratt arreBted,
and conniving with his non-arrest. That is
substantially the report.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it does seem to me that
this is carrying the matter a little too far. If
this report had come from the chairman of
the committee or from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell,] after what he
has said in this House in the early part of the
session against the Executive of the United
States, charging him with dereliction of duty
in regard to the arrest of this man, I would
not be so much surprised, for it would only go
in supposed vindication of what he said. I
am now inclined to think that this report is
without testimony sustaining the conclusion
that they came to. I do not know but it is
done for the purpose of bolstering up the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in the expressions
that he used some time ago. If there is any
testimony before the committee that goes to
show, either directly or indirectly, that the Pres-
ident of the United States has not discharged
his duty and his whole duty, the committee will
confer a very great favor upon me and upon
the country, I am sure, by showing what that
testimony is, and how far it goes to sustain the
report that has been made. I would ask the
Clerk whether the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] has signed the report?
The SPEAKER. It is signed by the gen-
tleman who reported it [Mr. WoodbridgeJ for
the committee.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] in his former speech
agreed to retract and exonerate the Executive
if he did not find testimony fully sustaining
what he had said. Now, if there is any testi-
mony here in Mty sustaining the cooclu-
