1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
balls of local legislation; it has armed trea;
son with_ the sword of the law in ten of the
States; it Irakis to-day the pen of the press,
that weapon mightier than the sword; it des-
ecrates the word of the Most High from all
their pulpits; it hisses out curses against the
Union from the sibilant toiigues of its women
and the prattling lisp of its babes; it pro-
scribes and hunts to their deaths that noble
army of martyrs,the Union men of the Soath;
and it scouts and throws back iu your teeth
the mild and merciful terms of reconstruction
offered in the constitutional amendments of last
session. It no longer creeps upon the ground
as in the hundred days which followed Sher-
man's marvelous march to the sea, or the awful
thundering of Grant's cannon in front of Rich-
mond ; but it stand's erect, defiant, and auda-
cious, demanding as a right to accomplish by
legislation what it failed to achieve by the
sword; and, countenanced by a weak, if not a
wicked, Executive, and sustained by its copper
supports at the North, it erects its brazen brow
to the sunlight and beats at the doors of the
Capitol—
"Paroa metd, primo, mox sese attollitin auras,
Ingreditur que solo, et caput inter nubilacondit."
Mr. Speaker, something must be done. We
must do it. The American people demand
that we shall do something and quickly. Al-
ready fifteen hundred Union men have been
massacred in cold blood—more than the entire
population of some of the towns in my dis-
trict—whose only crimc has been loyalty to
your flag, and in the single State of Texas
alone, in all the revolted States, upon the
testimony of your ablest generals, there is no
safety to the property or lives of loyal men.
Is this what the loyal North has been fighting
for? Thousands of loyal white men driven
like partridges over the mountain, homeless,
houseless, penniless to-day throng this capital.
They fill the hotels, they crowd the avenue,
they gather in these tessellated and marble
corridors, they look down from those galleries
and with supplicating eyes they ask protection
from the flag which floats above the Speaker's
chair; a flag which to them has thus far un-
furled its stripes, but concealed the promise
of its stars.
For myself, may my right hand forget her
cunning and my tongue cleave to the roof of
my mouth if I desert them. We must stand
by them ; we owe it to them, to ourselves, to
our martyred dead, to the God of nations and
of justice. This bill alone can preserve them ;
other schemes of civil reconstruction can come
by and by. The duty of to-day and now, of
this hour, is to stand by the men who stood by
the flag, the noble Union men of the South,
black and white. For one I mean to do it to
the end of the chapter. Believing this bill
justified by the undoubted law of nations, de-
manded by the necessities of the hour, recom-
mended by all the highest military authorities,
and necessary to the preservation of the true
men of the South, I give it, Mr. Speaker, my
cordial support. I see no other way out of our
difficulties; and while I am ready to extend
the olive branch of peace when it can be re-
ceived in the spirit of pence, I now vote to
unsheath the great sword of the Republic
and place it in the hands of the greatest caj)-
taiu of the age, that he may demand once
more, in the name of the God of justice, the
"unconditional surrender of the rebellion."
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, Ohio has
no nominating convention to come oft" on next
Wednesday, as the gentleman [Mr. Braxda-
gee] has who has just taken his seat. There-
fore, even though otherwise I might be so dis-
posed, I shall not indulge in any high-sounding
declamation; but simply present my views in
a brief form, disconnected as they must be, in
reference to this bill.
Sir, the bill was presented here at the close
of the session yesterday ; it has been printed
and laid on our tables at noon to-day ; and
now the decree has gone forth from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steveks,]
that io-morrow at one o'clock we are by a
solemn act to declare that all the results' of the
late war are for naught and that this Union is
dismembered, forever dissolved. I feel, sir,
that the passage of this b'ill is the death-knell
of civil liberty, not only here but everywhere.
Sad as the thought may be it is too true that
almost the last hope of a once free people,
that liberty is secure here, is fast passing away.
The bill under consideration proposes to
establish nothing more and nothing less than
a military despotism. That is not only the
tendency but the probable object of much of
ottr legislation.
What does the bill provide ? The preamble
declares:
Whereas the pretended State governments of the
late so-called confederate States of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama. Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas were
sot up without the authority of Congress and without
Hie sanction of the people: and whereas said pie-
tended governments afford no adequate protection
for life or property, but countenance and encourage
lawlessness and crime; and wheroas it is necessanv
that peace and good ordcr.should be enforced in siwd
so-called States until loyal and republican State
governments can bo legally established: Therefore.
Sir, that rests, I suppose, upon the theory
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the
power of this Government rests in the people,
and that the Congress of the United StatiM is
the people, und therefore the Congress of the
United States is all-powerful and can establish
any form of government that it may deem
proper though the Constitution expressly pro-
liibits it. Itisupon the theory of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] who edified
not only this House but the American people
a short time ago by the exhibition of a new
constitution, a new fundamental law for this
Government, a law fixed iu the imagination
of men alone. This is the law which he
claims is higher than the written Constitution
of the United States. Well, sir, this doctrine
of a " higher law" is no new doctrine in this
country. This doctrine is the root and founda-
tion of all our troubles and is indirectly the
cause of all the expenditure of treasure and
blood to which we have been subjected.
The preamble of this bill does not embrace
a single truth. Let us look for a moment at
the status of these States, their relation to the
Federal Government. And here permit mo
to say I differ with some gentlemen on this
side of the House, as well as gentlemen 011 the
other side. I maintain now, as I have ever
maintained, that the State organizations of
those States lately in rebellion never were
broken up from the foundation of their State
governments to the present time. All the "acts
and declarations" of those who were engaged
in the rebellion never destroyed a single State
government. Their local governments were
kept up during the rebellion. The executive,
legislative, and judicial functions of each State
continued in full operation during that period.
According to my recollection, not a single
State changed her constitution during the re-
bellion ; and the only change made since the
close of the war is the one making their respect-
ive organic acts conform to the constitutional
amendment submitted by Congress.
But suppose, sir, amendments had been made
according to the rules prescribed by their con-
stitutions, if the amendments were not in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States,
would be good and binding upon the people.
The amendment would be just as binding as
if made in time of peace.
No one, I apprehend, will contend that the
adjudication of a claim between individuals
during the rebellion and while the State was
acting under th8 confederate government is
void. To do so would make confusion worse
confounded.
Sir, their State organizations were not broken
up; their relations to the United States were
only suspended. To assert, as the preamble
does, that they have no real governments is to
admit that the declaration of secession did carry
them out of the Union and destroy their State
governments. It is an admission of the right
of secession, either reserved fey the States 01-
expressed in the Constitution. It is an admis-
sion but few believe and a less number willing
to a^lmit. It has been repeatedly affirmed upon
this floor and by all parties that at State ohcW
in the Union always in except she dissolves her
relations by successful war.
Then, sir, I maintain that these States are
States Within the Union; that they have never
been out of the Union; neither have they over-
thrown their State governments. When the
war ceased they took their positionin the Union
which they occupied before they rebelled, with
all the'ir rights as States, leaving the citizens
subject to the laws, punishing them for viola-
tions.
This, sir, is no new idea. Let me say here
in this connection that Lieutenant General W.
T. Sherman has exhibited more statesmanship
and a better appreciation of our form of gov-
ernment than the majority of this Congress.
He comprehended the whole subject in the
articles of capitulation with the confederate
General Johnston. He enunciated the true
doctrine, and if it had' biien followed by the
President and Congress we would to-day have
peace and harmony. There would be no
necessity for enabling acts or revolutionary
schemes such as we now have under consider^
ation. Peace, happiness, and prosperity would
pervade all parts of this Union. It was all
that was required, all that could be demanded
under the Constitution and laws, all that was
necessary to produce not only a unity of States
but a unity of hearts.
But we are told by gentlemen here, whenever
they rise for the purpose of speaking upon
almost any subjcct, that the President of the
United States is guilty of usurpation ; that'the
President of the United States has exercised
unwarrantable jurisdiction in the appointment
of provisional governors for these southern
States. Sir, I agree that that was wrong. lam
not here for the purpose of vindicating the
President of the United States in the exercise
of a power which I believe he did not possess.
I do not think he ever had that power ; and I
think it was a grave error on his part to exer-
cise the power of appointing those provisional
governors.
In exercising that power, however, he was
only carrying out to some extent the plan
adopted by his predecessor in appoirting pro-
visional governors. I say the President had
no power to do it; but I am not prepared to
say, and will not say, that the President did not
act in good faith, and with the conviction that
it was the best thing to bo done, and that under
existing ehcumstaiices it was necessary. 1 do
not for one moment believe that he acted
criminally or with corrupt motives ; but that
he acted with the very best motives possible,
looking to the final restoration of the whole
Union. But, sir, I nevertheless believe it to
have been a grave error.
But, here sir, is the rock upon which we
split. If these States were not out of the
Union, and if they kept up their State 'organ-
izations till the close of the war, then, sir,
neither the President nor Congress had any
power to interfere with them. The officers in
position were placed there by the people, and
none but the people who placed them there
could remove them, and that only in pursuance
of law. Again I affirm that their State gov-
ernments were not broken up. Their Repre-
sentatives should have been received upon this
floor unless they were excluded by reason of
some prohibition prescribed in the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States.
But, sir, to the bill. The last provision of
the preamble says:
And wheroas said pretended government's afford
no adequate protection for life or property, _ but
countenance and encourage lawlessness and crime.
Now, sir, who could expect that perfect
peace would prevail throughout those States
as soon as the war ended ? It was in the na-
ture of things there would be lawless conduct
011 the part of many citizens. That certain
gentlemen desire difficulties to exist in the
South in order that thev may base legislation
