1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
to correct results, became its duty, and to this end it
has directed its efforts.  
Soon after the adoption of the resolution by the
House, lion. James M. Ashley communicated to the
committee, in support of his charges against the
President of the United States, such facts as wore in
hu< possesion, and ttie investigation was proceeded
wjrb, and has been continued almost without a day's
interruption. A large number of witnesses have
been examined, many documents eollectcd, and
everything done which could be done to reach a con-
clusion of tho case. But the investigation covers a
broad field, embraces many novel, interesting, and
important questions, and involves a multitude of
facts, while most of the witnesses are distant from
the capital, owing to which the committee, in view
of the magnitude of the interests involved in its
action, have not been able to conclude its labors, and
is not therefore prepared to submit a definite and
final report. If the investigation had even ap-
proached completeness, the committee would not
feel authorized to present the result to tho House at
this late period of the session, unless the charges had
been so entirely negatived as to admit of no discus-
sion, which, in tho opinion of the committee, is not
the case.
Certainly no affirmative report could bo properly
considered in the expiring hours of this Congress.
The committee not having fully investigated all
the charges prepared against tho President of the
United States, it is deemed inexpedient to submit
any conclusion beyond the statement that sufficient
testimony has been brought to its notice to justify
and demand a further prosecution of the investiga-
tion.
The testimony which the committee has taken will
pass into tho custody of the Clerk of the House, and
can go into the hands of such committee as may be
charged with the duty of bringing this investigation
to a close, so that the labor expended upon it may
not have been in vain.
The committee regrets its inability definitely to
dispose of the important subject committed to its
charge, and presents this report for its own justifica-
tion, and for the additional purpose of notifying the
succeeding Congress of the incompleteness of its
labors, and that they should be completed.
JAMES F. WILSON, Chairman.
tfKANCIS THOMAS,
D. MORRIS,
R K WOODBRTDGR
GEORGE S. BOUT WELL,
THOMAS WILLIAMS,
BURTON C. COOK,
WILLIAM LAWRENCE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
report be laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, I ask a vote on
the motion.
Mr. AXCONA. Mr. Speaker, I was re-
quested by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers,] who is now absent, to present
for him a report of the minority of the com-
mittee. He has been obliged to leave the
House on account of indisposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from New Jersey informed me that he would
present a minority report, and he desired me
so to state if he should not be in his seat at the
time of the presentation of the majority report.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If it be in order, I would
like to hear the minority report read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Clerk will read the minority report.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
The subscriber, one of the Judiciary Committee,
to which was referred by tho House the inquiry into
the official conduct of his Excellency the President
of the United States, with a view to his impeachment
upon certain charges made by Hon. James M. Ash-
ley, begs leave to submit the following report:
The committee refuses to allow a report to be made
giving the evidence to the House at this time upon
grounds which are no doubt satisfactory to themselves,
therefore I cannot report the evidence upon which
my conclusion is based, which I would gladly do did
the committee deem it expedient. The examination
of witnesses andthe records was commenced, as ap-
pears by the majority report, about tho time of the
reference, to wit: on the 7th day of January, 1867, and
continued daily. A large number of witnesses has
been examined, and everything done that could be
to bring thecasotoaclose, as appears by the majority
report: and the majority havo come to the conclu-
sion that sufficient testimony had been brought to
its notice to justify and demand a further prosecu-
tion of the investigation." I havo carefully exam-
incd all the evidence in the case, and do report that
there is not one particle of evidence to sustain any
of the charges which the House charged tho com-
mittee to investigate, and that the case is wholly
without a particle of evidence upon which impeach-
ment could bo founded, and that with all the effort
that has been made, and the mass of evidence that
has been taken, the enso is entirely void of proof. I
furthermore roport that the most of tho testimony
that has been taken is of a secondary character, and
such as would not be admitted in a court of justice.
In view of this conclusion I can see no good in a con-
tinuation of the investigation. I am convinced that
all the proof that can be produced has been before
the committee, as no pains have been spared to givo
the caso a full investigation. Why, then, keep the
country in a feverish state of excitement upon this
(juestionany longer, as it is sure to end, in my opinion,
in a complete vindication of the President, if justice
bo done him by the committee, of which I hnve no
doubt? A. J. ROGERS.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the reports will be laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print as part of the debates
some remarks he had prepared on the Indian
appropriation bill. [The remarks will be found
in the Appendix.]
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
report:
Tho committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropriations for tho
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1S68, having
met, after full and free conference have been unably
to agree.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
Managers on the part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
GARRKTT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, as the bill
referred to in this report is of some conse-
quence and liable to go over to the next Con-
gress, I think it would be hardly right and
just to the House, or perhaps to the public,
to allow this report to be voted on without any
explanation. 9
The Senate originally adopted a large num-
ber of amendments to this bill. It is the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment, I will state in reply to the inquiries
of gentlemen about me ; but, as I was about to
say, the Senate originally adopted a large num-
ber of amendments in which the Committee
on Appropriations now concurred in most in-
stances pro forma for the purpose of ascer-
taining precisely the reasons of the Senate for
retaining possession of this phraseology and
matters of detail.
Three conferences have now been appointed
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
this House having followed the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations. In
the first meeting of the conference committee
a large number of the Senate amendments
were readily concurred in by the managers on
the part of the-House, that concurrence being
expressive of the judgment of both Houses and
of the committee of the House originating the
bill. A second conference took place of which
I know nothing except as it has been reported
to the House. To-day a third conference being
ordered, the managers on the part of the House
were met at the commencement by an announce-
ment of the managers on the part of the Senate
that they required us to drop at once the prop-
osition to concur in a large number of amend-
ments in which it had been the design of the
Committee on Appropriations originally to
concur, and in which the first conference did
in fact concur, they taking the parliamentary
position that, speaking as they did on behalf
of the Senate, and originating as these amend-
ments did in that body, they had the right,
without the consent of the managers on the
part of the House, to recede from so many of
their amendments as they pleased, and would
thereby, whether we consented or not, with-
draw them absolutely from the consideration
of the conference. The managers on the part
of the House took the position that the differ-
ences of the two Houses being committed to
this conference, we had as much right to con-
cur upon the points in respect to which the two
Houses differed as they had to recede. Thus
standing, a large number of points of difference
was not left between the two Houses.
We came, in the next place, to a proposition
in the bill, a section by itself. I pause a
moment to reflect. It was the second section,
I think, of the bill, the object of which was to
carry into effect certain resolutions of this
House, passed in some instances as late as the
27th of July last, and in some instances earlier.
The yeas and nays, as we understand and
remember, being taken in most instances in
expressing the will of the House on those reso-
lutions. In some instances the vote was almost
unanimous. By these resolutions certain sums,
for reasons explained at the time, were given
to the employes of this House. The Senate
refused to concur in this amendment. They
refused throughout to concur, in the last con-
ference as well as in the first. They pointed,
or their managers did, to one section of the
statute, one applicable to themselves, which
imposed upon the House an inhibition as to
expending its contingent fund in paying sal-
aries ta its employes, unless by the action of
the two Houses prior to doing so.
Our answer to that was, the House had not
undertaken to do any such thing, but on the
contrary, acting within the letter of the law,
had by resolution denominated certain sums
which they had considered just and fair to per-
sons in the employment of the House, and
therefore we said this operated as no restric-
tion upon the function which this House exer-
cised ; and standing upon what we believe to
be the right of this House, whether providently
and guardedly exercised at times or not, to say,
without dictation from the Senate, what sum it
sees fit and proper to adopt as a recompense
for the labor rendered here, we insisted on
the part of the House, believing that we were
expected to do so, that that prerogative should
not be grasped by the Senate, but that it should
be left with us.
Taking that position, we were met with a
distinct refusal on the part of the Senate man-
agers to recede at all, and thus we were left
upon the many points of difference to which I
referred before, and upon this point at variance
with each other, and we deemed it unnecessary,
therefore, to proceed to the consideration of
the other provisions of the bill, upon which all
the conference committees had disagreed, and
determined to report onr action to the House
and to ask that our report be received and that
the committee be discharged, and if this bill
shall go over, as doubtless it will, to the next
Congress, I do not know that there will be any
particular loss.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman what the whole amount of this money
would be which the House desires to appro-
priate and which the Senate refuses to con-
cur in.
Mr. CONKLING. It is impossible, and I
think it would be on a somewhat careful scru-
tiny impossible to state the precise amount,
because these resolutions do not raise the pay
of the officers of the House by any percent-
age or any mode of graduation, but they raise
it by the addition of arbitrary sums to the
salaries of the various employes of the House.
The ground taken by the managers on the
part of the Senate was that because twenty
per cent, was added at the last session of Con-
gress to the pay of the officers and employes
of this House, that measure in some way super-
seded or absorbed the effect of these resolu-
tions, although some of them were passed
before the House voted this twenty per cent,
increase of pay, and others were passed after-
ward. We, on the contrary, maintained that,
from the fact that of this House having at this
session and at the last session increased by
twenty per cent, the pay of the various officers
of the House, it could hardly be held that we
had thereby concluded ourselves from doing
what, in the judgment of the House, is fit ana
just in remunerating its officers for the labor
thev perform.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. This is the same bill
upon which I made a partial report from a com-
mittee of conference this morning, agreeing
upon all but two or three items in the bill. 1
