1867..
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
316
Government of the United States are reserved
to the States or to the people} and I agree to
that, simply remarking that I do not conceive
a power to be any more sacred because it is
reserved than it would be if it .were delegated.
When we speak of admitting a State into
the Union, which is the specifie.work on which
we are employed at the present time, I under-
stand it to mean simply this: to clothe a com-
munity with two great political prerogatives or
rights. One is the right to exert a certain share
of the power which, under the Constitution,
belongs to the United States, and the other is to
exert all the powers which, under the Constitu-
tion, are reserved to the States. The powers
which are delegated to the United States are
those mainly which pertain to the defense of
the national authority. To participate in the
Government of the United States, therefore, it
is only essential that one should love the Uni-
ted States better than any other sovereignty;
should be willing to uphold and defend the
United States against all other sovereignties.
What we call loyalty, therefore, seems to me to
be the great prerequisite to the admission of a
people to a share in this Government. I believe
no one denies this sentiment to the people of
Nebraska. So far as I know that constituency
I helieve they are as loyal as the people of any
other portion of the country. Why not then
admit them to this participation in the Govern-
ment of the United States?
It is said that the people of Nebraska are
few in numbers, and if we admit them we must
allow to them two Representatives in this Cham -
berand one in the other House; and it is said
that that is a larger representation than they are
entitled to upon the score of numbers. That is
true; and if the Constitution intended that rep-
resentation in the legislative department of the
Government should be in proportion to num-
bers, it, would not be just for the people of
Nebraska to demand admission at this li.ne;
but we know, on the contrary, that such is not
the intention of the Constitution; that those
who framed the Constitution deliberately, con-
siderately ignored that idea; and we know
that, let them come into the Union when they
will, they will not be represented in the legis-
lative department of the Government equally
witli other States in proportion to their num-
bers. This disparity we find in representation
between all the States, and the Constitution
contemplated, or those who made the Consti-
tution contemplated, that States would be
admitted into the Union having a population
less than that prescribed by law by your stat-
utes for the choice of representatives, and
contemplating that, anticipating that, it was
provided that every State should have at least
one vote in the House of Representatives.
I do not regard, therefore, this disparity of
numbers to be a serious objection. I do not
regard it to be an objection at all, so far as
our interests are concerned. It is one that
concerns mainly the people themselves. If
they feel that they are able to maintain the
expense of a State government, and are willing
to take upon themselves that burden, and to
take upon themselves the obligations which the
Constitution imposes upon every State, I am
perfectly willing to concede that right to them
at the present time.
What other objection is there, then, to the
admission of Nebraska? The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Jouxsox] the other day started
the most serious objection which I have heard
urged in the course of this debate, and it was
mainly to reply to that objection that 1 sought
this opportunity to address the Senate. The
Senator from Maryland reminded particularly
the Senators from the eastern or Atlantic
States that the western States were fast gaining
an ascendency, and he seemed to feel, at least
ho seemed to urge, that that ascendency was
likely to prove injurious to the interest; of the
Atlantic States. He reminded us that the n est-
ern States were growing rapidly; and he recited
to us a portion of the argument of one of those
who participated in framing the Constitution of
the United States, who urged that the Constitu-
tion should restrict the number of representa-
tives from the western States so that they never
should exceed the number of representatives
from the Atlantic or sea-board States. I was
very sorry, for one, to hear that argument intro-
duced. I was very sorry to see, at this stage in our
history, a new attempt to inaugurate a sectional
controversy. For years we have witnessed a
very systematic effort to imbrue the northern
and southern portions of the country in a sec-
tional" controversy. We have just emerged
from the worst stages of that controversy.
For the last six years those two portions of
the country have had each other by the throat.
They have but just let go of each other; and I
hope no Senator on this floor enjoys the spec-
tacle they present to-day. Both of them have
bled deeply, and are bleeding still; and -in
view of that terrible struggle and of-its results,
I do not think any statesman of to-day ought
to be ambitious of inaugurating a new contro-
versy between:the eastern and the western
portions of the Union, and I am sure there is
no need of any such controversy.
And I want to say right here that, if the
argument has any validity at all, if it be valid
to-day, it is valid always: if the eastern States
think it important for them to protect them-
selves against the growth of the West, then
they have but one duty to do, and that is to
resist from this time forward the admission of
any more States into the Union; to say.that
they will admit not another one to participate
in the powers belonging to the Government of
the United States. I do notthink they are pre-
pared to take that position. I do not think
the honor or the interests of the country will
warrant them in assuming that position, and I
do not think the honor or the interests of the
Atlantic States would warrant them in assum-
ing it.
Sir, it is not so very extraordinary that Mr.
Gouverneur Morris, standing as he did in the
Convention which framed the Constitution, in
the very morning of the Republic, in the dim
twilight which hung over that early hour in its
history, should have supposed then that a
necessary rivalry might exist between the East
and the West, and that he, as an eastern rep-
resentative, should have thought it incumbent
upon him to do something, to put something
into the Constitution, to protect the East
against the day when that rivalry might spring
up ; but I think it very extraordinary that any
statesman standing in the light of to-day should
find any wisdom in the suggestions of Mr.
Gouverneur Morris, should think the lessons
of that hour were worth repeating in the light
of to-day. I am sure I cannot find any wis-
dom in that suggestion, and I do not believe
the country will recognize its wisdom.
I do not believe the Atlantic States are pre-
judiced by the growth of the western States. I
do not believe they have proved in jurious to
the welfare of the eastern States. Certainly
we were of no detriment to you of the East,
sir, during the late struggle. We performed,
I think, our full share of the labor which has
been found necessary to save the integrity of
the country. We contributed our full share of
money, of blood, and of life. When the bat-
talions of the West moved down the valley
of the Mississippi, through Vicksburg and Port
Hudson, and sent the commerce of that great
stream tumbling on its way to the Gulf. 1 do
not think that that was felt to be an injury to
the Atlantic States or to any portion of the
country; and when those same battalions took
up their march to the East and struck the At-
lantic coast at Savannah, I do not think that
that march to the sea was felt to be any serious
detriment to the Atlautic States: and when
those victorious battalions turned their faces to
the North and swept through the Carolinas,
clearing out every one of those forts on the
f-ea-boavd held still under the rebel ilag. I do
not believe that the growth of the West was
felt in any portion of the country to be detri-
mental or prejudicial to the whole.
What, then, is this danger that threatens the
Atlantic States from the growth of the West?
The Senator has not left us to surmise what it
is; he has pointed us to it. He has told us
that when the Constitution was framed the
Atlantic States were engaged in commercial
pursuits; that they believed those pursuits
were to be the permanent pursuits of the coun-
try. . He tells us that those interests have al-
ready been sacrificed. He tells us that the
eastern States have been forced, by no fault
of their own, in a great• measure to drop the
business in which they were then engaged, and
which they supposed would constitute their
principal business in all time to come, and to
engage in the business of manufactures. Thus
then the States of the West are arraigned here
upon the charge of having wrested-the com-
merce of the eastern States from their hands.
Sir, it is true that the commerce of that "day
is gone. Perhaps, before we lament too much
over that fact, we had better consider for a
moment what that commerce was; In 1791
the domestic and foreign tonnage entering the
Atlantic ports amounted to six hundred and
four thousand three hundred and two tons.
The value of commoditiesexported during that
year was $19,012,041. The value of the goods
imported during the same year was $29,200,000.
That was the commerce of the year 1791.
That was the commerce of the country at the
time the Constitution was framed. That was
the commerce to which the Senator from Mary-
land supposes that the States which formed the
Constitution dedicated themselves to the pro-
tection and to the nurture of.
Where did these exports come from ? Mr,
Tench Coxe has preserved a table, and as I
think it full of instruction on this very point I
shall produce it. I read from a table, not for
the year 1791, but for the year 1793:
Value of goods, wares, and merchandise exported from
each State :
New Hampshire  0181,407
Massachusetts..-:  2,839.922
Khode Island 
Connecticut 
New York  2,528,085
New Jersey  „ 23,524
Pennsylvania 
Delaware  Ifl'lil
Maryland  i'Sn'fon
Virginia 
North Carolina  no0°,£>*
South Carolina 
Georgia  4o8,9(3
Total §21,005,568
Thus you see that at that day each State was
exporting its own products. They were drawn
to the sea-board by wagons mainly. A pair of
stout horses could make a journey from the
sea-coast to your frontiers. It will be seen
that then the State of New York, instead of
being the first State in the Union in the mat-
ter of its exports, was, as I think, either the
fifth or the sixth State of the Union.
That was the commerce of that day. That
commerce is indeed gone. They have dropped
it, says the Senator from Maryland ; they have
been "forced to drop it, says the Senator from
Maryland. Yes, Mr. President, they have
been forced to drop it. If you hold your hand
full of marbles you woukl be forced to drop
them in order to pick up the koh-i-noor dia-
mond. Bv no fault of their own, says the Sena-
tor from "Maryland, have they been forccd to
drop this commerce. No, Mr. President, I do
not attribute any fault to them for dropping it.
I think the country and the world will hold
them justified in dropping it when you consider
for a moment what they have picked up in lieu
of it. If we have not that commerce we have
another one. In lieu of that commerce we had
one in the year 1866 which employed a foreign
tonnage of*7,821,560 tons, and a domestic ton-
nage of 7,782,181 tons, and that fleet exported
from this country a value amounting to So65,-
426,394. and imported $4"7,640.3-54. Of these
exports more than £19,000,000—more than the
whole export of 1791—were in wheat, and more
than S27.000.000 were in Hour. And where
does this commerce come from ? It is not pro-
duced in the States which framed the Consti-
tution ; it is not brought to the sea-board with
