3X6
.ME GONCtRESSIONAH.; ©LOBE
January 7,
ox-teams no? with hoyse-teanig. There are
long line? of canal and railway, -reaching far
-beyojid what were the frontiers;-of ;tte Union
;at the-time Mr. Gouverneur Morris gave, his
.advice to the country.
Atthe time thatMr. Gouvern-eur Morris made
the suggestion which -Hra&Eepeated to us by the
Senator from Maryland' the other day the eity
of Chicago had not been heard of; old Bea-u.-
bien had bpt began to .keep tavern there then;
.there -iaqi}ite.a fe>wn there now. It sends off
annually-jEBore than fifty million bushels of
cereals ,to the sea-board to swell the commerce
.ofj'fjie United States. The city .of Chicago sends
a commerce annually over the Sk Clair flats
-amounting to ab.out one .hundred and thirteen
.million dollars—more than twice the whole comr
-pierce of th.e country winch Mr. Gouverneur
..Morris thought the country ought to nurse as its
■peculiar business. The State of Minnesota, one
among the last of the States admitted into the
Union, sends off more wheat every year than
the whole United States exported in 1791. Some
thirteen or fourteen years after Mr. Gouverneur
Morris made this suggestion a. party of explor-
ation started from the Missouri, river to cross
the continent to the Pacific. They were some
two. years in making that journey. During the
last season a railroad construction train has
traveled alinost as far between the Missouri
and the Pacific as thart party of exploration
traveled in 1804.
Considering what the West has contributed
to the new commerce of the country, I do not
think that the Atlantic States have any occa-
sion to regret the growth of the West or to
lament the loss of that commerce which they
possessed in 1791; and I like the sentiment
avowed on one occasion by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson".] He said they
■were not alarmed about the West; they re-
garded us all as their children. That is the
true paternal feeling. We are the children of
the eastern States; we are not at all likely to
devour our mother; that is no part of our pur-
pose. I have heard of some barbarous states-
men who were in the habit of putting female
children to death in their infancy; but that was
notbeeause they promised to fee strong; it was
because they promised not to be strong; not
because theypromised to add too much strength
to the State, but because they did not promise
to bring strength enough to the State. Never
till this late day have I read or heard anywhere
of a statesmanship which would put children
to death because they promised to be strong.
So, Mr. President, if I were an eastern rep-
resentative instead of a western representative
as I am, I think I would still insist upon the
old policy of admitting States into the Union
when they feel-- themselves capable of taking
upon themselves the obligations of a member
of the Union; when they manifest a disposi-
tion to discharge the duties which belong to
every State in the Union. I am perfectly sat-
isfied with the disposition entertained by the
people of Nebraska toward the Government
of the United States, and am willing to admit
her as she stands to a participation in this
Government; but if she comes in at all, she
must not only, as I said, exercise a part of the
power which belongs to the Government of the
United States, but she must exercise all the
powers which belong to a State. It is not only
necessary that she should be animated by that
sentiment of loyalty which will induce her to
be faithful to the demands of the General Gov-
ernment, but she should be animated by that
sentiment of justice which should secure to all
the people of her own borders the protection
which every people must have from some Gov-
ernment, and which, under our system of laws,
they must get from the government of the State
wherever a State exists.
Are the people of Nebraska animated by that
sentiment of justice toward each other which
entitles them to take upon themselves the exer-
cise of those powers which belong to a State?
In looking at the organic law which the people
of that State are said to have adopted for the
regulation of the home government, I find it
piQvided that all colored people are excluded
from the- right to vote uaaer watgoEernment,
and that the ballot wL-coaaacleioriy to.:wbiie
persona. Iam ftoldUhere .are colored persons
there. It is said the®© are but few. feat how
many there are I. do not. know-; and in .asking
for the colored pftftple a,dgbt-to>yote.in Ne-
braska, I- do not hola myself toie the advocate
simply of. the colored .peoiple whoJace in - Ne-
braska^ I . hold mysftlf to be-the advaoate of
the. w.h.ole, eplorea population of the United
States.-.'Tiere are^&ui' millions of them who
want the-pight.to vote: - in Nebraska when they
are in Kebraskaj in Wisconsin- sshen they are
irj Wisconsin, sod, in other States when they
are i.n other States; anil if' yon deny this righ't
to those who are now in Nebraska, you deny it
to all who may hereafter wish or seek to go to
Nebraska; you say to the whole colored race
of the United States, "You cannot enter within
the borders of Nebraska without leaving behind'
you the right to vote, provided you live in any
portion of the Union where you enjoy that right
to-day."
Now, Mr. President, I have never said a word
on this floor in Reference to the question of negro
suffrage. -I- have voted upon it repeatedly here
and elsewhere. It is either right orAvrong,
just or unjust, that colored men should vote in
Nebraska. If it is just, the responsibility is
with the Congress of the United States if they
do not see that that justice is secure. If it
is unjust that they should vote there, then we
have to-day committed a fatal mistake, be-
cause if it is unjust for them to vote in Ne-
braska it is unjusli-for them to vote in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, We have to-day, by a very
large majority, as on another occasion, de-
clared it to be our opinion that it was just, and
not unjust,, for them to vote in the District of
Columbia. I did not vote to put the ballot into
the hands of the colored men of the District of
Columbia by way of penalty upon the Disttict;
I had no wish to punish anybody, white or
black, by the vote I gave; I voted to secure
them that right here in the District as I had
uniformly voted to secure them that right in
Nebraska, and as I should vote to secure them
thatrightin Virginia or in New York, whenever
and wherever I find myself entitled to vote upon
a specific question. Upon the question as to
who shall and who shall not vote in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska the Congress of the United
States has exclusive control. If they are de-
barred from the privilege of voting there, as I
said before, we are responsible for it, not the
people of Nebraska alone, but the Congress
of the United States, which assents to that
exclusion. To be consistent with myself, Mr.
President, I must insist, it seems to me, upon
their right to vote in Nebraska.
We have heard it said to-day upon this gen-
eral question of the right of negroes to vote,
as we have heard it said often elsewhere, that
they are unfit to vote. That is true; God
knows how true that is, and I think lie alone
knows how true it is. But it is not only true
of the negro race in the United States; it is
true of the white race; it is true of the body of
the American people that they are not fitted
by intellectual culture for the exercise of the
right of suffrage. The American citizen, with
the ballot in his hands, in the estimation of the
American people, is a sovereign. Once a year
he passes judgment upon you and me, upon
President, upon judges, upon laws, upon poli-
cies, upon measures; and to be fitted for that
great work he should comprehend them all;
measures and men he should be familiar with;
and to be really fitted to exercise the right of
suffrage he should be better endowed than we
are. We can be intrusted here to vote on
specific laws, but when we come to review and
criticise and pass judgment upon great policies,
the best of us are hardly equal to that great
work.
All that can be said in favor of our right to
the hallot is this: that we can handle it for our-
selves, we the people, better than anybody else
can handle it for us. And that is not only true
of the best educated and of the half educated,
but it is true, as I solemnly believe, of those
•who are not educated at all. They can handle
it for themselv'esbetter than anybody else can
handle it. for thea. -Whenever you'eotee to
Vote for a class, a large class "of people,, with
whom you have no interests ii> common, for
.wliom von have no affection, that class will
-suffer; The history of the world proves that.
-It is not because I think this colored race
is fitted for. the right of suffrage that I now de-
mand their admission to it ; it is because I
.feel and know they never will be fitted for it,
and they never will be allowed to become fit
for it until you put the ballot into their hands.
Wihy, Mr. President, the white race, for the
last fifty years, have had the ballot in their
hands exclusively," they have had the whole
authority and power of Government. What
have we got to show for it? What is the net
result? You are taunted'every day that you
have four million colored people who are not
fit to vote ; who cannot read and write, it is
said. You have more than that. You have
in those ten communities down here lately in
rebellion against the authority of the State,
almost half a million of white adult males and
females who cannot read or write. Mr. Presi-
dent, we cannot boast very loudly of the achieve-
ments of the white race in the matter of gov-
ernment when they have only such fruits as
these to produce. I believe, sir, the only way
in which we are ever to raise up and to fit these
men to exercise (he right of suffrage is to put
them at the work now; put the ballot into their
hands. I do not think your institutions will
be particularly stronger for that single act; but
I believe that when the American people see
that every man has the ballot in his hands
they will be made to see the common, public,
urgent necessity of fitting every one of them
for the use of it; and that we shall take hold of
the work of education when we have completed
the work of emancipation. I believe that will
be necessary; I believe it ought to be done.
But what is the great danger, in the mean-
time of putting the ballot into their hands?
The most ignorant man you can find on the
continent cannot by possibility vote worse than
the most cultivated men have voted within the
last six years. Every man of them will be
identified with one or the other of the two
great parties. In each of the great parties and
in all of the great parties we have ever had we
have bad men of high culture; and they will
not vote worse than one or the other of these
two parties. Why, Mr. President, take a man
who is utterly stupid, insensate, and with the
ballot in his hands there is just an even chance
that he will vote on the right side. There are
only two ways he can vote, the wrong side and
the right side, and it is just an oven chance that
he will vote right; and where there is one
chance in two of his going right the odds are
not very much against you.
But after all, Mr. President, ignorance is not
the thing which disqualifies a man most from
voting. I would rather trust (he ballot to-day
or any day in the hands of a man who does
not know what to do with it, than to trust the
ballot in the hands of men who do know what
ought to be done with it, but who do what they
know ought not to be done with it; rather trust
it in the hands of ignorant men, who are true
to such convictions as they have than trust it,
as you see it every day, in the hands of men
whose convictions are clear enough, but who
will sacrifice their convictions for some purpose
of personal, present interest. I believe there
is much more ignorance among the people of
the United Spates than there ought to be; b'Jt
I am bound to say that, in my judgment, igno-
rance is not the worst difficulty we have got to
contend with, and it is a difficulty that we can
remove more readily than some others that we
do have to contend with.
And so, Mr. President, I think these colored
men ought to be allowed to vote in Nebraska.
I thought last winter they ought to be allowed
to vote in Colorado, and because that right
was denied to them in the constitution of Colo-
rado, as it is denied in the constitution of
