1080
TfiE CON"G-RESSIOMAL - GLOBE.
February 7,.
not going to yield to the proposition of the
chairman of the committee fjr a single mo-
ment that one rood of the'te.rrito.ry within the
lines of the ten States enumerated in this bill
is conquered territory. The Government do.es
not conquer any Territory that is under the
jurisdiction of the Constitution- ' ,
' The SPEAKER. The Chair interrupt? $e
gentleman to states that the recess will take
place in a few moments, unless by order of the
House, the session be extended' until the gen-
tleman closes his. remarks.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. HILL. I move to extend tlie session,
till five o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to make this sug-
gestion before I yield ;
Mr. BRANDEGEE. If the House adjourns
will the gentleman not be entitled to, the floor
when we reassemble in the evening?
The SPEAKER. He will.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to have my
amendments printed. I will not submit to this
gag; I know all about it.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will yield to
me I will move to postpone the hour of taking
recess to-day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HILL. I move that the time for taking
a rccess to-day be postponed until five o'clock
p. m.
The question was taken, and the Speaker
announced that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for a division.
_ The question was again taken : and upon a
division there wore—ayes sixty-three.
The SPEAKER. There is evidently a large
majority in tin; affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand that those in
the negative be counted.
The vote in the negative was taken; and
there were—noes eighteen.
No quorum had voted.
The hour of half past four p. m. having
arrived, the House, in pursuance of previous
order, took a recess until half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House assembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, Speaker
pro tempore.
AKTinm OUR ET Ali.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Arthur Orr,
Bryant N. Lanham, and Samuel J. Smith ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
OOVKllNMKNT Off INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1143, to provide for the
more effectual government of the insurrection-
ary Stales, upon which Mr. Bingham was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not my purpose
to have asked the attention of the House to
any discussion of this bill; nor should I have
done so if the motion to recommit had not
been made, by which I was prevented from
proposing amendments which I think ought
to be considered by the House. I do not be-
lieve that in regard to a bill of this magnitude
either a member of the committee or a member
of this House is under any sort of obligation
to take the bill as it comes from the committee
without amendment or discussion. All that
can be asked of any member is to give the bill
a respectful consideration, and accept or reject
it with or without amendment as his sense of
duty may dictate.
As I said, in the few words which I uttered
before the recess this afternoon, this bill is the
exercise of the highest possible power of legis-
lation which, under the Constitution of the
United States, can be exercised by the repre-
sentatives of the people. This being so, 1 be-
lieve the House should make haste slowly. I
think, at all events, it should allow amend-
ment® to ha offered ; and when they are offered
it should allow at least an opportunity for their
consideration.
Now, my purpose is to make this hill, if it is'
to become a law, subject'to as little objection .
as possible, without in any way impairing its
its efficiency. Aad I trust that before I shall
have, concluded the, few remarks which I pro-'
pose to make to-night I shall be able to per-
suade some of the Representatives here assem-
bled that this bill may possibly, be somewhat,
improved. At all events, I should , consider
myself false' to my own sense of duty if I did
not seek to amend this bill so that it would be
in accord with the entire and continuous record
of the great body of freemen represented upon
this floor, who, under God, have enacted the
laws' through which and by which we have
been saved as a nation. I challenge any man
here to-night to point to any statute passed by
the Congress of the United States, since the
opening of this revolt on the part of the insur-
gent States to this hour, that by implication or
otherwise, by direction or indirection, inti-
mated the dogma of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Reconstruction on the part of this
House with which he opened this debate, that
those ten insurrectionary States were a foreign
and conquered country. I stand here to-night
to assert that evpry act of legislation upon your
statute-booksj from the day this rebellion com-
menced to thig hour, asserts the very contrary
and excludes the conclusion of the gentleman.
How was it in 1861, w.hen this conflict began,
and you came to assess a direct tax and appor-
tion it? .You apportioned it among the citi-
zens of the insurgent States as States; and
you apportioned it among the people of the
Territories as Territories. It is proposed to
inaugurate a new theory, and to quality, if not
abrogate, your past legislation by incorporating
in this bill, for the first time, the words the
"so-called States." You did not insert in
1802, in your bill apportioning representation
among the several States, the words, the sev-
eral States except the ''so-called States of
Virginia," &c., shall be entitled to Represent-
atives in Congress to the number of two hun-
dred and forty-one. On the contrary, you did
by that act provide for the whole number,
to be apportioned among all the States; and
accordingly the apportionment was made that
South Carolina should be entitled to four
Representatives, and the State of Georgia to
seven, and so on. It is pretty well understood
in this country that representation in Congress
is only apportioned among States, and not
among territories, whether acquired by pur-
chase or conquest, nor among foreign States,
but only among §tates within the Union. By
this apportionment you did provide that all
States within the Union, having constitutional
State^ governments and sustaining practical
constitutional relations to the Government of
the United States, might elect Representatives
in single districts. Surely, sir, if Virginia had
resumed her constitutional relations in 1864
she would have been so entitled fo elect Repre-
sentatives to Congress. By the proclamation
and message of our late lamented President
this opinion was clearly and fully expressed
by his words, " the resumption of the national
authority within the States wherein that au-
thority has been suspended." It did not
occur to that statesman to say the so-called
States of Mississippi, Alabama, North Car-
olina, and Georgia, &e., in which the national
authority has been suspended. Clearly by pro-
posing that upon laying down their arms and
submitting to the laws and Constitution of the
United States and taking the oath prescribed
in his proclamation, and saying thai if in any
of the States named there shall, in the mode
prescribed, be set up a State government, it
shall be recognized and guarantied by the
United States. He recognized them as States
iu the Union without constitutional State gov-
ernments.
_ By the Freedmen's Bureau bill of last ses-
sion for the protection in the insurgent States
of those who, by the action of the American
people by a constitutional amendment-, had
been released from bondage, you do not find-
incorporated the words "so-called States." On.
the contrary, sir, in that statute the very words
may be found which I seek to insert by way of
amendment in the preamble to this bill.
In,this connection I wish to incorporate in
my remarks the fourteenth section of the act
to continue,in force, and to amend " An act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmeu
aild Refugeesarid which section is asfollows:
Sec. 14. And be it further, enacted. That in every
State or district where the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has been interrupted by the rebellion,
and until the same shall be fully restored, and in
every State or district whose constitutional relations
to the Government have been practically discontin-
ued by the rebellion, and until such State shall have
been restored in such relations, and shall be duly
represented in the Congress of the United States, the
right to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease,
sell, hold, and convey real and personal property,
and to have full and equal benefit of all laws ana
proceedings concerning personal liberty, personal
security, and the acquisition, enjoyment, and dispo-
sition of estate, real and personal, including the con-
stitutional right to boar arms, shall be secured to and
eqjoyed by all the citizens of such State or district,
without respect to race or color, or previous condi-
tion of slavery. And whenever, in cithor of said
States or districts, the ordinarycOurse of judicial pro-
ceedings has been interrupted by the rebellion, and
until the same shall bo fully restored, and until such
State shall have been restored in its constitutional
relations to tho Government, and shall be duly rep-
resented in thc'Congiess of the United States, the
President shall, through the Commissioner and the
officers of the bureau, and under such rules and reg-
ulations as the President, through the Secretary of
War, shall, prescribe, extend military protection and
have military jurisdiction over all cases and ques-
tions concerning the free enjoyment of Such immuni-
ties and rights, and no penalty or punishment for any
violation of law shall be imposed, or permitted be-
cause of race or color, or previous condition of sla-
very, other or greater than thepenalty or punishment
to which white persons may be liablo by law for the
liko offense. But the jurisdiction conferred by this
soetion upon tho officers of the bureau shall not'exist
in any State where the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has, not been, interrupted by tho rebel-
lion, and shall coaso in every State when the courts,
of the State and the United States are not disturbed
in the peaceable course of justice, and after such
State shall be fully restored inits constitutional rela-
tions to the Government, and shall bo duly repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States.
No man can read that statute and not come
to the conclusion that every Representative in
this House and every Senator who voted for
the enactment of that lawhas, under his oath,
averred two things. First, that those insurgent
States are States of the Union, and next, that
their population are citizens. "They are de-
clared States and the people thereof declared
citizens of such States in the section just read.
What are we told now by this bill, in the face
of all our past legislation, so often repeated?
We are told, sir, that it oughtto have been writ-
ten in this section just read, "in the so-called
States," and citizens of "the so-called States."
(Citizens of the so-called States are entitled to
what? To the rights of citizens of the United
States ? No, sir; but to such rights, in the lan-
guage of tho gentleman who reported this bill,
as the conqueror sees fit to give them A I stand
here, sir, to repudiate that dogmatical assump-
tion. There never was a moment, thank God,
since rebellion fired the first gun at Port Sumter
that a State of this Union was foreign ground;
and therefore it results that those States are
not a conquered country, and that the loyal
people of those States are no more conquered
subjects and vassals than you are, or any other
Representative upon this floor. And yet all
that is embraced in the words '' so-called
States," in the light of the interpretation put
upon them by the honorable chairman of the
^.Committee on Reconstruction, [Mr. Stevens.]
If the gentleman wishes us to insert these words
let him give us some intelligible reason for it. I
suppose the gentleman gave us the best reason
that could be given when he said they were a
conquered people, subject to be governed by
the conqueror, and subject also to the usages
of war in such cases^ 
I respectfully submit, sir, that any loyal cit-
izen of the United States in South Carolina or
Georgia or Louisiana or in any .other of the
southern States is no more liable to the rule of
the conqueror after the armies of the rebellion
have been disbanded than, are the- representa-
