1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 2,
understand that since the disagreement of the
last committee of conference the Senate hare
receded from all their amendments to the bill,
save the one which strikes out this section.
To that amendment they adhere, thus leaving
the bill now with only one point of disagree-
ment, and that upon the section paying the
employes of this House according to the various
resolutions which have been referred to.
The question was propounded by some gen-
tleman upon the floor a few moments ago, as to
how much money would be required to meet
these resolutions. The second committee of
conference, of which I was a member, made
some investigation and inquiry with regard to
that. We were informed by the Clerk of this-
House, who I think had carefully examined
the subject, for his attention was called to it
last summer, and gome correspondence took
place between him and the Comptroller with
reference to his power under the law to pay
out money according to those resolutions; he
stated that it would take at least $30,000, or
between thirty and forty thousand dollars to
meet those resolutions.
The resolutions are all printed on a slip and
can be read by any member who sees fit to send
for the document. They are a series of res-
olutions. The first one, perhaps, declares that
the assistant doorkeeper shall have the same
salary as some other officer named. Then on
some other day a resolution was adopted that
some other officer should have the same salary
as another named officer; and so, from time to
time, resolutions were passed raising the salary
of different officers of the House so as to cor-
respond with the salary of other officers des-
ignated. And then another resolution was
adopted giving twenty-five per cent, increase
to all the officers of the House who receive a
salary of $1,200 or less.
The Senate took the ground that having
agreed to pay all the-employes both of the
Senate andof the House twenty per cent, on
their salaries, there was no expectation on
their part that they would be called upon to
pay this twenty-five per cent, in addition to the
other increase of salary to the officers of the
House.
The second committee of conference agreed
upon all the amendments pro and con, with the
exception of that one really, although pro
forma we left two others as disagreed to. Now
the disagreement is narrowed down to that
one amendment, and, Mr. Speaker, although
I agree we ought to be allowed to fix the com-
pensation of our own employes, yet it scarcely
seems fitting; it seems to me it will scarcely
do for the House to stand upon that one provis-
ion of the bill, and thus lose the bill which
provides for the carrying on of the Depart-
ments of the Government. I submit the ques-
tion, therefore, to the House, for the Senate
seem to be inexorable and determined as to
this amendment, and so far as the argument is
concerned, so far as the law of the case is con-
cerned, they are no doubt right in holding that
we cannot pay out of the contingent fund or
any other fund increased salaries or any sala-
ries except such as are provided for by law.
Now, shall we lose the appropriation bill by
standing upon this one amendment? My sym-
pathies are with the clerks and employ6s,
but I think we had better waive the matter
now and let it go over to the next session of
Congress rather than lose this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman who has charge of this
r' ?his's an °W question in the House.
1 believe I was on a conference committee two
or three years ago which had the same subject
before it. The facts have partly passed out
of my mind, and I am therefore not able to
speak upon the subject with the clearness that
I could have done at that time. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] who has charge of this matter, to tell
me whether I am right in my recollection that
the Senate made a point under a law of 1858,
under which they claim that we are bound not
to use our contingent fund in a certain way,
and that we have now so used it, and ask them
to ratify an illegal use of our contingent fund,
and that they declare that they will not thus
ratify an illegal act? I ask the gentleman,
who, from his more immediate connection with
the matter, must be better informed upon it
than I am, to state specifically what the point
is in that direction, so that we may see clearly
whether we are standing on lawful ground or
not? If we are, I hope that the House will
maintain its position and let the bill fail again
and again before we give up the point; but if
we are not, then I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that we had
better not lose the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] to
answer the question.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I sincerely hope
that the House will not agree to the action of
the Senate upon this bill. It is true that under
the law of 1858 we cannot, by a resolution of
this body, make an appropriation of the con-
tingent fund or any other fund for the pay-
ment of our employes.
In the conference committee of which I was
a member, that law was examined and we
ascertained its force. The objection on the
part of the conferees of the Senate seemed to
be that they could not assent to any appropri-
ation which we had indicated by means of a
resolution of the House, which was against
the law of 1858. They said they did not care
as to the amount of the salaries of our officers,
but that they would not recognize a resolu-
tion passed by the House appropriating money
in that way.
We then proposed to consider the resolu-
tions passed by the House, not as operative
aryl legal, but merely as an indication of the
wish of the House as to what their various
employes should be paid; and then we pro-
posed to fix the compensation of our clerks
and employes by naming as salaries for them
what they would have received had the resolu-
tions of the House been legal and payments
made under them; proposing also that when
the salaries thus established came to be paid
there should be deducted from them the twenty
per cent, which was paid to the employes of
each House under the legislation of Congress
at its last session. This would have given to
some of the employes of this House more
compensation than they are now receiving,
while to others it would not have given so
much. But even upon that proposition we
differed; the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate absolutely and positively declined to accept
that as a basis of action.
We then proposed to take the bill reported
by the Committee on Accounts of this House
as the basis of the salaries of the employes of
this House. But to that the conferees on the
part of the Senate objected; and indeed they
objected to everything which we proposed. It
is true, they professed to be willing to recom-
mend an appropriation of $10,000 to be divided
among the employes of this House according
to the various sums proposed by the resolutions
already passed, or in such other manner as the
House might designate. To this of course the
conferees on the part of the House could not
agree; because, first, it was not carrying out
the oft-expressed will of the House in regard
to the matter; and secondly, because the
division of the money would cause difficulties
and create dissatisfaction and perhaps dissen-
sion among the employ6s of the House.
Your committee earnestly endeavored to
bring this matter to some conclusion, claim-
ing that as a matter of courtesy on the part
of the Senate they should permit the House
of Representatives to designate and fix the
salaries of their own employ6s. But we could
not agree.
And now I sincerely hope that even if this
bill should fall, this House will stand up for
its rights, its dignity, and its honor, and in
support of the obligations it has incurred to
these men, and never assent to the dictation
of the other branch of Congress in relation to
the manner in which we shall use our money
for the compensation of our own employes. It
can do no serious harm even if this bill should
not pass now, butgo over to the next Congress.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to inquire whether
this is the point involved: that the exactions
of the Senate are such that they cannot be
yielded to by this House without compromis-
ing its dignity? This is an old question in
legislative bodies. I have known it to arise in
the Legislature of the State of Iowa. One or
the other House must yield; and I suppose we
must do so. I am glad the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conki.ino] has such a high
and exalted sense of the dignity of this body,
and I have no doubt that to-morrow afternoon
he will carry that high sense of our dignity to
the other wing of this building, when he takes
his seat in the body which sits there. But I
would not stand-upon a mere point of dignity.
I think we can afford to say little about dignity
if we only do justice.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to call the attention
of this House to the provision of the law which
has been referred to in this debate. Prepara-
tory to that, however, I wish to say that this
question is an annual question in committees
of conference and on this bill. I have myself
served for two successive sessions on commit-
tees of conference in which this same question
has been raised. And I recollect that in the
last committee of conference upon this subject,
of which I was a member, the Senate yieldea
to the House on the third meeting of the con-
ference committee rather than allow the bill to
be lost.
Now. I think that one or two questions arise
here which are worthy the serious attention
of this House ; as the only point upon which I
apprehend we can insist is that of either the
right or the dignity of the House of Represent-
atives. Section five of the sundry civil bill
of 1858 provides:
"That no part of the appropriations which may
be at any time made for the contingent expenses of
either House of Congress shall be applied to any
other than the ordinary expenditures of the Senate
and House of Representatives, nor as extra allow-
ance to any clerk, messenger, or attendant of the said
two Houses, or either of them, nor as payment or com-
pensation to any clerk, messenger, or other attendant
of the said two Houses, or either of them, unless such
clerk, messenger, or other attendant be so employed
by a resolution of one of said Houses."
Let me say that former investigations have
shown that the reason for the adoption of this
law was that it had been in the habit of both
Houses up to that time to make at the end of
each session an appropriation of some twenty
per cent., more or less, as an extra allowance
to its employes. The Senate had done it at
the session immediately preceding this act of
1858; for the sixth section of this law provides
that—
"The extra compensation paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate to clerks of committees under
the resolution of 14th March, 1857, be allowed at the
Treasury."
The object, therefore, of this clau se of the law
was to put an end to that system of arbitrary
raising of salaries by the separate action of
each House and without the forms of law.
There, then, stands the law unrepealed to-day.
Now, the next point to which I wish to call
the- attention of the House is that, by a usage
which hp long prevailed in conference com-
mittees, it has been customary rather than lose
a bill, or rather than oblige either House to
sacrifice what it may consider its rights and its
dignity, to demand that the House, whichever
it may be that proposes to change in effect the
existing law, shall recede rather than bring
about the loss of the bill. It seems to me,
therefore, that the question really presented
now is not one involving the rights or dignity
of the House or the Senate. The question is
rather whether, in the face of this law, the
House can sacrifice the entire legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill to the
consideration proposed here, which is practi-
cally in contravention of this clause of the
statute of 1858, which I have read. For my
part I think that if the point were presented to
