I80.7:
WM CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE
811
Nebraska, I once voted against the admission
of Colorado. Bat subsequent to that vote I
found the country confronted by a very grave
emergency. The people ot' th0 United States
had sent to these Halls a body of representa-
tives equal in numbers to the enactment of
laws even against the veto of the President;
they had put into the presidential chair also
one whom they supposed -to be in harmony
with themselves and in harmony with that
great majority they sent here; but we found
in the course of the'last-session that that har-
mony no longer existed between the Executi ve
and the majority in Congress or the majority
of the people which sent us here and placed
him there. Had he still been in harmony with
us we could have sacrificed a few members of
this Senate and a few members of the House
of Representatives, and yet have taken care
of the interests of the country; but when we
found that the President was no longer in line
with us, it became the more necessary that we
should preserve our majority in the two Houses.
But the same calamity which took from Our
ranks the President of the United States took
from our ranks also one, two, three, or per-
haps four members of this body, "erring
brethren," as I really think, of this House;
-and so at one time I really thought that we
had not the power, this Union, this Republi-
can, this loyal party of the country and its
Representatives had not the power to enact a
law without the assent of the President, and
his assent we could not get. So it happened
to me, as I daresay it happened to others, that
I began to look about for reinforcements. I
did not see exactly where they were to come
from unless we drew on the West, on which-
we had been in the habit of drawing very freely
during the late struggle.
Here was one loyal constituency, with loyal
representatives standing at our doors, willing
to come to our aid and help us to carry on
the great work which we had taken upon our
shoulders, but under which for a little while
we did stagger a little, and you know it. I
thought, stricken as we were, we had better
seize the greater good even at the sacrifice of
a temporary evil; and I reconsidered the vote
which I first gave on the question of admitting
Colorado and voted finally for her admission.
It was urged then, and with a good deal of
force, that Colorado had adopted her constitu-
tion before the new dispensation had ever been
proclaimed to her people. I thought there
was some weight in the argument, but it did
not influence me to any great extent. It was
the necessity resting upon me which finally
induced me to vote for the admission of Colo-
rado.
But that emergency has passed by. The
Senator from Maryland—and I am very sorry
he is not in his seat this afternoon, since I have
to allude to him so often—really thought we
were urging in Nebraska to-day for partisan
purposes. Why, sir, he must have a very ex-
traordinary opinion of us to suppose that we
are still craving more strength in the Senate
or in the House or in tlie country. The vetoes
of the President have no sort of influence, as
we have seen this afternoon, on the legislation
of the country now. We have two thirds of
both Houses assured men. We can do busi-
ness by ourselves and as it ought to be done.
What do we want of any more votes? Be-
side, it is only two years before we shall go to
the people again, and then the small remnant
of opposition which is still here will give way
and loyal representatives will take their
places; plenty of time to reenforce in the or-
dinary methods, even if we needed any reen-
forcements, but we do not.
I said that emergency had passed by. You
remember of old, when Judea was looking in
all directions for a Saviour. He at last ap-
peared to them very unexpectedly from Naza-
reth. While wo were looking about our fron-
tiers for reinforcements to the Legislatures of
the country, lo, our savior came from New
Jersey. I scarcely looked for a savior from
that quarter any more than Judea for hers from
Nazareth ; but then we recognised 6urs when
they came, which was more than Judea did of
hers. They are here; the necessity has passed
by; and now I think justice remains to be done.
But, Mr. President, because I think that we
should not permit our sanction to test upon this
constitution as it stands, I do not think we
should formally exclude Nebraska from the
Union. That does not to me seem necessary.
If we invite the people of Nebraska to remove
this objection from her constitution, I do not
doubt that the people of Nebraska will gladly
do it. I think the invitation should go to
tliem. Several propositions have been made
to the Senate having that object in view. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] offered
the first one, the one which I am inclined to
support; that submits the question to the peo-
ple of Nebraska. It invites the people of Ne-
braska to reconsider this question and to strike
that clause from her constitution. There can
be no possible doubt but what, if we take that
course, and the people of Nebraska assent to
that act, the constitution will be as valid in
every respect as it would if the constitution
had been originally presented to us in that
form. It matters not at all who submits a con-
stitutional proposition to a people seeking ad-
mission into the Union if the people assent to
it, and then Congress approves, and sanctions
the act; there is a State, and the constitution
is beyond all question a valid instrument.
It is said it will impose some inconvenience
upon the people of Nebraska: So it will. It
will require her citizens to go to an election
upon some one day and give a vote upon this
question. That is not a very great hardship.
It need not postpone the admission of the State
for more than sixty days. The election can be
ordered on a specific day, and there need be
no subsequent action of Congress. It does
seem to me that this is an inconvenience to
which the people of Nebraska ought to be
entirely willing to submit, rather than to require
that we1, in this stage of our history, should
assent to the exclusion which now stands in
their constitution.
A shorter method of attaining the same thing
is proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilsox.] He proposes to require, not
the assent of the people of Nebraska, but the
assent of the Legislature.of Nebraska. I do
not like that proposition, yet I will not under-
take to say that that would not make a valid
change in the constitution; but it is a work that
we ought not to impose upon the Legislature
of Nebraska. They were not selected for any
sueh purpose; they have not been instructed
upon that point; they ought not to be required
to vote upon such a measure as that at the
dictation of the General Government. They
are, like ourselves, representatives, and prefer,
as we do, to represent the known wishes of their
people rather than to guess at their wishes upon
any subject on which they are not well informed.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmcxds]
has offered another provision looking to the
same object. He proposes that, without refer-
ence to the people of Nebraska, and without
reference to their representatives in the Legis-
lature, we, the representatives of the people of
the United States, shall admit that State into
the Union with this declaration: "That this
act shall take effect with the fundamental and
perpetual condition that within said State of
Nebraska there shall be no abridgment or de-
nial of the elective franchise, or of any other
right to any person by reason of race or color,
excepting Indians not taxed." Now, Mr.
President, I do hold it to be a very grave ques-
tion whether we can insert a clause in the con-
stitution of Nebraska or any other incoming
State, or whether we can override a clause in
their constitution by this mode of proceeding.
That question of constitutional power I do not
mean to argue on this occasion. I know there
are good lawyers who doubt and deny it: I
think there is grave reason to doubt it myself:
but if we had the clearest authority in the world
for doing it, it does not seem to me a right
thing to do. We have an undoubted right to
say to the people of Nebraska as a Territory, '
" The ballot shall be put into the hinds of all
your citizens, white attd black." That we can
say to them as a Territory, and we can say that
the several agencies which they are author-
ized to choose in a territorial condition they
shall choose by the votes of all their people.
That we can say; that I think we ougRt to say;
that is a proper thing to say. But they have
chosen representatives to wield entirely differ-
ent powers from what are intrusted to. the
Legislature of a Territory or to the Governor
of a Territory. They have undertaken to say
that they will not permit colored people to par-
ticipate in the choice of these agencies; and we
undertake to say that they shall. That is the
force of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont. They have asked us to admit
them with a constitution such as it stands, and
with a government selected to wield the powers
conferred by that constitution. We are called
upon by this amendment to accept the State, to
accept that government, to set them up in the
exercise of the powers belonging to a State;
making them responsible, however, to a radi-
cally different constituency from what their own
constitution does. That it seems tome, in brief,
is substantially the Lecompton question over
again. If we have the right to impose such a
condition upon the people of that State, it seems
to me we ought not to do it. The precedent is
a dangerous one. Certainly we could not com-
pel them to come into the Union; certainly we
could not compel them to assent to a consti-
tution ; that is not attempted to be done.
But we take a constitution which they say is
satisfactory to them; we take a government
which they have selected; we clothe that gov-
ernment with the powers of a State ; but in
the same act by which we confer these powers
upon that government we make a radical
change in the organic law presented to us by
the people selecting the government. It does
not seem to me just; it does not seem to me
necessary. It seems to me a great deal better
that we should put the people of Nebraska to
the slight inconvenience of once more passing
upon this question of putting the ballot into
the hands of their colored men; and there-
fore, Mr. President, I shall be compelled to
vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts ; I shall be compelled to
vote against the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, and 1 shall vote with
great pleasure for the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri; and if it is
adopted, I shall vote with great pleasure for
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hope the
friends of the bill will not vote for this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hex-
dricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.^Bitowjr.]
The question being put, a divisionwas called
for.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the yeas and nays;
that is the way to tell whether we have a quo-
rum or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to mo we can
undoubtedly come to a vote on this bill to-mor-
row. The "Senate is not very full; there is
hardly a quorum here.
Mr. WADE. Well, let us see whether thci-e
is a quorum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas none, nays twenty-four; as
follows:
TEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Oattell, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
ffin, Creswell, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fosg, Fowior,
Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, ivirk-
wood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Ross, Stewart, .Sum-
ner. Tail Winkle, Wade, Villey, and Willi,ims-24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, JBurkitlew,
Cowan, Davis, Pixon, Fessenden, Foster, (*rmi^,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, McDougau,
Nesunth, Norton, Xyo, Patterson, Poland. Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Riddle. Saulsbury, Sherman, bprague,
Trumbull, Wilson, ami Yates—-28.
