1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
the House simply as a question of increasing
the salaries of clerks in the Treasury Depart-
ment, or any other Department of the Govern-
ment, or in any part of the-United States, the
House could hardly think it right to sacrifice
the entire bill if the Senate did not yield.
I regret, sir, that it is necessary to come to
such a disagreement as that to which we have
come with the Senate upon this subject: but at
the same time I think candor compels us to
admit that, as the Senate has on one, if not two,
former occasions receded upon this same point,
and as the law stands as it does we cannot insist,
as a matter pertaining to the rights or dignity
of the House, that the Senate shall yield to us
at this time.
I now yield the floor to
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
Mr. CONKLING.
the gentleman from
ridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. Speaker, I do not
know that the employes of this House are any
special proteges of mine. I do not know
whether they are all "loyal" or not, [laughter,]
though probably that question is not involved
here. But, sir, I know, from the investigation
which I have made as a member of this con-
ference committee, that the honorof this House
is pledged by its resolutions to pay the em-
ployes of the House according to those reso-
lutions. And I know further that the Senate
committee, whose members I met, said that
the question of money was of no account; that
the only objection they had to agreeing to the
proposition which we made to them was that
they did not desire to recognize the resolutions
of the House ; that they considered them irreg-
ular and illegal; that they did not wish to con-
cede the right of the House to pass such reso-
lutions with reference to its employes. When
they had thus declared that the amount of
money involved was not the ground of their
objection, we proposed that we should compute
the aggregate of the various sums which the
House had pledged itself to pay its employes
ai^d insert in the bill an appropriation for the
gross amount, not recognizing, however, by the
language of the bill the validity of the resolu-
tions. But this proposition, which we thought
ought to meet the views of the Senate was not
acceded to.
Now, sir, I do not understand that the ques-
tion of dignity is the only question involyed
here. It seems to me that this matter is one
affecting the honor and good faith of the
House. I insist that we have solemnly pledged
ourselves to pay our employes according to the
resolutions which we have adopted, and that
the obligation we have assumed shouldbe faith-
fully met.
Mr. CONELING. I will now yield, and
for the last time, to my friend frota Ohio, who
is a member of this committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. The course taken by the
Senate has narrowed down the differences be-
tween the two Houses to a single point. A
proposition was made for a conference on that
single point, and perhaps we may yet have one
on it. I think it right, however, as a member
of the committee, sustaining the rights of the
House, as well as struggling for something like
justice on all the points submitted, to say
gentlemen are not entirely correct with regard
to the point ii\ which this House cannot be
considered in any degree to have done any
wrong.
Now, while we were precluded by the statute
passed in 1858, covering this subject, providing
that no part of the appropriations which may at
any time be made for the contingent expenses
of either House of Congress, &c., shall be
used in the compensation of any clerk, mes-
senger, &c., still I hold that does not apply at
all to the question between the House and the
Senate. The House is precluded and the Sen-
ate is precluded from using its contingentfund
for any purpose of that kind. Now, this House
has not sought to use its contingent fund for
any such purpose. It has not violated the
statute, but it has involved itself in obligations
by resolutions to pay certain sums to its em-
ployes. It goes to the Senate in an appropri-
ation bill and asks the consent of the Senate to
take money out of the Treasury in the manner
in which it can be taken out by act of appro-
priation. We do not use our own contingent
fund nor ask them to use theirs, but having
promised this money we ask them to unite with
us in passing an act of legislation which Will
appropriate money, so that we may keep our
promise.
When has the House of Representatives
ever objected to any resolution or proposition
made by the Senate involving their obligations
or promises to anybody connected with the
administration of the Senate? When has the
House refused to concur? Everybody knows
while some of our officers are as well or
better paid, that many officers of the Senate
receive in the shape of contingent appropria-
tions additional payments more than corre-
sponding officers in this House. We have left
it to the Senate to determine for themselves,
with all the facts before them, how their officers
serve them and what those officers deserve.
We ask for the same thing ourselves. While
we bow to the law and do not propose to take
it and thus keep it a matter of secret for our-
selves, we go to the Senate and ask frankly of
them to unite with us in appropriating money
to redeem our promise. And that is the whole
of it.
It is not, sir, because of any violation of the
law. There has been no violation of the law
on the part of the House. There has been no
use of the contingent fund. But how has the
Senate been treated on other occasions ? Look
at the last appropriation bill and you will find
it contains an appropriation of $2,500 to pay
the expenses of the survey of a park ordered
by resolution of the Senate. That is in one of
the appropriation bills which the clerks are
now at work engrossing. The Senate, not in
the exercise of its discretion in relation to its
own employ6s, but in relation to a matter of
public interest and concern, without consult-
ing the House of Representatives, has passed
a resolution giving $2,500, or pledging $2,500
if they do not name the sum, directing a survey
for a park to be made, and they come in and
in one of the items ask for an appropriation to
meet that resolution by which the Senate has
thus pledged itself. This is in an appropria-
tion bill now beingj enrolled.
Now, my object in rising is clear when I say
the whote matter sums itself up in the question
whether each House is allowed to be the judge
of what ought to be voted to its own employ6s.
It seems to me it would not be consistent for
this House to permit its promise to be dis-
regarded «when all it asks of the Senate is to
unite in the necessary act of legislation to
carry that promise out.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, it appears to
me that in this matter the Senate has made a
point of order upon us. We make appropri-
ations in the ordinary form in our bill, and we
are met with the objection that the appropri-
ation is not authorized by any existing legis-
lation, or that certain alleged existing legis-
lation is irregular and contrary to law. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I have heard you rule several
times lately that it had been repeatedly de-
cided and had become parliamentary law that
no point of order could be made upon an
amendment which came here from the Senate.
I think if that rule is to have any force at all
it ought to be reciprocal. It comes just to
this, that the Senate when we make an appro-
ation, not denied, as I understand from the
committee, to be in itself proper and just,
makes upon us the point of order that it is not
justified by any preceding legislation.
Now, sir, I am for subjecting the Senate,
so far as we have the power to do it, to the
same rule that we are subjected to in acting
upon their amendments and their bills which
come here, and of applying the same rule to
both. It is evident that they have resorted to
a mere technicalitv to defeat an often-expressed
will of this House, and for one I am in favor
of standing by that oft-expressed opinion and ■
by the resolution recommended by this com-
mittee.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know of any interest that I feel or any obliga-
tion resting upon me especially to act as the
champion of the dignity or the rights of this
House. But before demanding the previous
question I want to make two remarks; and
first in answer to a question propounded to me
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
If this House has done an illegal and unwar-
rantable thing, unquestionably the speediest
way to recede from it is the most proper way.
Without referring to the statute, I submit to
members of this House whether they are pre-
pared now to accept the proposition that they
have no right to say whether a page on this
floor shall have a dollar a day or not except
under the permission and favor of the other
House. That is a most extraordinary propo-
sition. It is as remarkable in its character as
it is little in the fact. Now I undertake to
say that there is nothing in any of these stat-
utes that goes against the position this House
assumes. On the contrary, there is an existing
section, which has not been referred to here at
all, which, if it means anything, means that
io the House alone belongs appropriately the
duty of graduating the scale of recompense
which these officers shall receive. I undertake
to say that there is nothing in the law inhibit-
ing the House from fixing the tariff of these
compensations. The House has done exactly
and nothing more than what it might prop-
erly do in this regard.
One other suggestion. The gentleman from
Illinois says that the Senate having receded
has left but a single leg on which the House
can stand in the loss of this bill. I do not so
understand it. On the contrary, I understand
from the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations—and I regret that he is not here to
express himself on this subject—that the dis-
agreement to a great many of these amendments
was merely formal in order that they might
retain control of phraseology and details, the
committee meaning and the House meaning
in various particulars to have this bill as the
Senate proposed it should be and as they them-
selves would have proposed amendments to
make it; but now, by receding from these
amendments en masse, the Senate deprives the
House and deprives its committee of all oppor-
tunity and power to make this bill in essential
regard as the committee of the House think it
should be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With the permission
of the gentleman I would like to say one word.
I understand that the Senate has receded from
all its amendments to this bill with the excep-
tion of this one. I agree with the gentleman
that the bill would have been very much im-
proved had some of the amendments of the
Senate been adopted, those for instance that I
reported to-day from the second committee of
conference and asked the House to adopt.
Mr. CONKLING. I had just stated that
the Senate had receded from all its amend-
ments, and the point I was making was that
the Senate by so doing had taken from the
jurisdiction of the House the whole body of
this bill and has made it as the Committee on
Appropriations meant it should not be in many
essential regards. Nay, more, a conference
committee is not a mere game of chance. It
is not a mere copper to be flipped, nobody
knowing whether it is to be head or tail when
it comes down. Here is a conference com-
mittee which goes out and expresses the sense
of the committee and of the House. It comes at
once to an explanation and an agreement upon
a large number of amendments. The Senate
turns around in the face of that and reverses
every one of them.
Now, if it is agreeable to the House to give
the Senate a cognovit, if it is agreeable to
admit that this House in repeated instances
upon the yeas and nays acted in disregard of
the law and transcended ita privileges, I have
