318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 7,
Tie PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not. a qaoruto voting.
Mr..SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to and the Senate
adjourned. , ,
r HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Motoat, January 7, 1867.
The House met at .twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The J.ournal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
, - ; bills and joint resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States and Territories
for bills and joint ••resolutions for. reference,
and not to be' brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
new post route in pennsylvania.
■ Mr. MILLER introduced a bill establishing
a post route from Mahantango to Sweet Home,
in Juniata county, Pennsylvania; which \^as
read a first and second time, and referred , to
the Committee on. the Post Office and 'Post
Rpads.
indian territory. .
'Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill to
establish a territorial government in the Indian
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
arkansas western judicial district.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, also introduced a bill
to divide the western district of Arkansas into
two judicial districts; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
: ' rank of storekeeper.
Mr. BLANE introduced a bill to establish
the rank of storekeeper in the medical depart-
ment and the quartermaster department of the
Army ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
" lost discharges.
■ Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill to grant
relief to honorably discharged soldiers who
have lost their discharges; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
retrocession of alexandria.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to repeal
an act entitled "An act to retrocedethe county
of Alexandria in the District, of Columbia to
the State of Virginia," and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
eight of dower in district of columbia.
Mr. DEFREES introduced a bill changing
;the right of dower in the District of Columbia ;
which was read a first and second time, find
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
eort pillow massacre.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill for the
relief of the widows and heirs of those mas-
sacred or captured at Fort Pillow ; which was
read a fir3t and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
the national currency.
Mr. KUYKENDALL introduced a bill to
provide .1 true national currency, and to pro-
vide for the collection and disbursement of the
revenue and the liquidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking, and Currency, and ordered
to be printed. *. .
habeas corpus. :
Mr. WENTWORTH introduced a bill to
repeal the act approved March 3,1868. relating
to habeas corpus, and regulating' judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
• change of light-houses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill to authorize changes in the location of
lights and other aids to navigation on the south-
ern coasts of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and with the accom-
panying papers referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
transmission of documents by mail.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill authorizing
the transmission by mail of certain books ana
documents; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. • .
homestead law.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill amendatory
of an act passed May 20, 18G2, to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.,
actual settlers.
Mr. WINDOM also introduced a bill con-
ferring certain rights on settlers upon the pub-
lic lands of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
kansas deaf and dumb asylum.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
granting lands to the Kansas Asylum for the
education of deaf and dumb persons; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
fort leavenworth military reservation.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
donating a portion of the Fort Leavenworth
military reservation for the exclusive use of
public roads; which was read a first and sec-
ond time and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
* bounty law.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
construing thebounty lawpassed July28,1866 ;
which was read a first and second time and.
referred to the Committee On Military Affairs.
coast survey.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to provide for
the publication of the reports of the coast sur-
vey ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
direct importation.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill to encourage
commerce and internal revenue by facilitating
direct importations; which was read a first and
second time and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
indian depredations. ■
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill for the
relief of persons for damages sustained by i-ea-
son of depredations and injuries by certain
bands of Arrapahoe, Cheyenne, Sioux, and
other hostile tribes of Indians; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
military road in nebraska.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill to ex-
tend the Platte river and Niobrara ri,ver mili-
tary road from its present terminus to the Kan-
sas line ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on theTerritories.
land district in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill to estab-
lish an additional land district in the Territory
of Colorado ; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.'
john h. james.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill for the relief
of John H. James, of Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
arizona and new mexico.
Mr: GOODWIN introduced a bill to amend
the_ organic acts of Arizona and New Mexico;
which was road a first and second.time and
referred to the Committee on' the Territories.
papers in the post office department.
The call of the States and Territories for bills
and-joint resolutions on leave having been com-
pleted, the Speaker stated as the next business
in order the calling of the States and Territo-
ries for resolutions, commencing with the State
of Illinois, where the call rested at the expira-
tion of the morning hour on Monday, the 17th
of December last, the preceding question being
on a joint resolution, offered by Mr. Farns-
worth, to allow members of Congress to in-
spect papers in the Post Office Department,
on which the previous question had been de-
manded.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, t&c., That it is hereby made the duty of the
Postmaster General to allow Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress to examine all papers and
recommendations for office appertaining to all post-
masters, post offlees, and other postal matters in their
several States and congressional districts.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. MOULTON demanded the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
during the last Monday when the House was in
session the call rested with the State of Illinois
during the entire morning hour. No gentle-
man who offered a resolution during that call
can offer another now except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MOULTON. I desire to offer a reso-
lution and to demand the previous question
upon it.
Mr. LOAN. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman has already offered one resolu-
tion under this call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman has introduced
one resolution under this call, and but one reso-
lution can be introduced by a member on the
call of States.
sale of coin and bullion.
Mr. INGEItSOLL introduced a bill to regu-
late the sale of coin and bullion by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
order of business.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask consent to offer
a resolution.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois introduced two resolutions on the last
Monday when the House was in session.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I asked to offer them
by unanimous consent, and not under the call.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri objects.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish the Speaker
to state the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman introduced two resolutions on
the last Monday when the House was in ses-
sion.
Mr. WENTW ORTH. Did I do it under the
call?
The SPE AKER. One was introduced under
the call and the other by unanimous consent.
