1082,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
objection to the validity of the bill. I do not
care how much stronger gentlemen may tex-
press the amendment if they see fit, so that it
will clearly and by express enactment declare'
that no appellate jurisdiction shall be taken
by any of tne courts or judges of the United
States on the .application of any person held
b.y military authority within these States, except
only where held for a crime indictable in the
courts of the United States within said States
under the existing laws.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Willthegentlemanyield?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I-understand the gentle-
man to take the position that these are States
in this Union, not conquered territories, and
the people are not-conquered subjects. I de-
sire to know by what authority the gentleman
entertaining that view would fasten upon these
people a military government? And I would
like to know further, what laws are to be ad-
ministered in those States if this bill passed
and became a law—whether it is the unlimited,
undefined will of the conqueror that is to
govern and control that people, or whether
there are civil laws now in force which are to
be administered by the military authority con-
ferred by this bill ?
Mr. BUNG-HAM. I will answer the gentle-
man, I hope, before I sit down, very fully.
But I desire to place this amendment before
the House, so that its legislation may be con-
sistent with itself.
There is another reason why this amend-
ment to this fourth section should be adopted ;
and in presenting it I trust the scope of my
remarks will be an answer to what -the gentle-
man has said. It is true, undoubtedly true,
that these States remained disorganized States
in the Union. It is also undoubtedly true that
those who wore the conquerors upon tho field
of battle reduced those in rebellion to sub-
jection. It is also undoubtedly true.that the
Government of the United States by its own
election extended to those insurgents the rights
of belligerents; and it is also true that by their
rebellion those insurgents failed to place them-
selves in a position to put those States out of
the Union or in tho condition of foreign terri-
tory, or beyond the jurisdiction of the United
States. They fully succeeded by their rebel-
lion in overturning their previously existing
State governments; and that being the case,
the gentleman will find an answer to his ques-
tion in this: that it follows from tho premises
that tho legislative power of the Government
of tho United States is exclusive within those
States, and so will continue until the people
thereof reorganize constitutional Stato govern-
ments, and the same shall be recognized by
Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask tho gen-
tleman a question for tho purpose of informa-
tion alone. I understand it to bo the objec-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Bingham] that the
courts of the United States shall not bo per-
mitted to issue writs of habeas coi-pas in cases
punishable under the congressional enactment.
Now, I ask if it would not have the same effect
if the phraseology were so altered as to say
that tho courts and judicial officers of tho said
States shall not issue writs of habeas corpus ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Notquite, in my opinion.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 would ask the gentle-
man if he supposes that the State courts have
the same jurisdiction in these States that our
courts have?
Mr. BINGHAM. They have not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not pass from the subject until he thinks
he has answered my question. He has not
yet done so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not propose to evade
the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope,he will give a
fair answer to my question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was proceeding with
the answer when 1 was interrupted. This ex-
ception which I propose has relation only to
the courts of the United States, and not to the
courts of the States. But, sir, I was proceed-
ing'to say, those insurgent States, having by
rebellion destroyed and disorganized their State
governments, ceased to be represented or to
be entitled to be represented from that day in
the Congress of the United States, and in ref-
erence to that deprivation I Was proceeding
to tell the gentleman that which is written in
the' Constitution of the United States, and
which no1 member upon the floor can gainsay.
Mr. NEWELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like to ask the
gentleman if, in his opinion, the party to which
he belongs has conformed to the Constitution?
Mr. BINGHAM. The whole nation has
settled the question of the power of Congress
to legislate over those insurgent States without
their consent and against their consent. It
must be so, or it follows that all the laws you
have enactcd during the last five years affect-
ing those people are unconstitutional and void.
This exclusive power being in Congress to legis-
late over the people of those disorganized States
for the protection of persons and property, it
follows that their temporary organizations are
subject to such limitations and prohibitions as
by law Congress may impose. This being so,
this bill in its general provisions, touching those
State governments, is justified if in the judgment
of Congress the necessity for it exists. The
power asserted in this bill is in perfect harmony
with all the legislation of this Government
since tho breaking out of the rebellion over*
those States. It has been settled by the voice
of tho nation, as I before stated, that those
States are subject under the limitations of the
Constitution to such legislation as Congress
may sec fit to impose, and can exercise the
functions of local government only by the suf-
ferance of the nation.
Mr. BOUTVVELL. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow 1110 to make an inquiry?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio desires, by his amend-
ment to the preamble, to declare that these
"States," as they once were in the judgment
of all, are now States. If ho believes that they
are now States, I ask him how he can recon-
cile it with his oath to support the Constitu-
tion if ho docs not accord to them all the rights,
of States under the Constitution, and to their
citizens all the rights of citizens of the United
States t.o the same extent that those rights are
accorded to the people of his own State?
Mr. BIN GHAM. I do not by the amend-
ment say they are now States as they once
were. I have said they are States disorganized.
I ask tho gentleman how he can reconcile with
his oath the fact that he voted for the Freed-
men's Bureau bill on the 22d of July last, which
bill subjected every one of those States until
they shall be restored to their constitutional
relations to the provisions of that act, and to
the enforcement of the law according to its
provisions?
Mr. BOUTWELL. There is no distinct
declaration in the Froodmen's Bureau bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will par-
don mo. There is a distinct, declaration.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In that act wo recog-
nize "States and districts" as subject to the
act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand; and we
recognize also States separately.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Geographical
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, "geographical
States;" but the very phrase which I use is
used in that act, and no such terms as geo-
graphical or so-called States are used in that
act.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to the question which I put
to him. I would like him to answer it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am answering it, and I
am not to be diverted from my answer. The
BVeedmen's Bureau bill provided—
"That in every State or district where the ordi-
nary course of judicial proceedings has been inter-
rupted by the rebellion, and until the same shall be
fully restored, and in every State or district" 
Mr. BOUTWELL. "State or district." '
Mr. BINGHAM.
"whose constitutional relations to the Government
have been pracrically discontinued by the rebellion,
and until such Stato"—
There is no "district" there
"shall have been restored in such relations, and shall
be duly represented in the Congress of the United
States."
Every gentleman.knows that the words "or
district" were employed so as to give effect to
that bill in States in which the relations of the
Government were partially restored, but in
which there were districts in which those rela-
tions were not restored. There is no difficulty
in that question, and I want to know, while I
am on this subject, whether the gentleman
from Massachusetts has so much respect for
his oath that he is going to say that Virginia,
in which you have indicted Jeff. Davis for high
treason, ceased to be a State by reason of his
treason, so that under the provisions of the
Constitution he can no longer be held to an-
swer for his crime in that State. The Consti-
tution provides for a—
"Trial by an impartial jury of the State and dis-
trict wherein the crime shall have been committed,
which district shall havebeen previously ascertained
by law."
Virginia remains a State, though disorgan-
ized, in spite of Jeff. Davis's treason, and he
can be tried and punished in that State for his
treason; and this doctrine is in harmony with
all our previous legislation.
\I understand exactly why this phrase so-
called is inserted in the preamble of this bill
now pending and in the bill itself. It gives
no force or effect whatever to tho bill.V I have
already anticipated and answered the gentle-
man's objection. No matter what declarations
we may now make we have treated those States
as States in all our legislation heretofore.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts voted
for theact apportioning Representatives among
these States what became of his oath to sup-
port the Constitution, if, under the circum-
stances, they were not States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I was not here at that
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, then, I put the in-
quiry to the gentleman who were here and
who did vote-for that act,-and who now advo-
cate this bill; and the gentleman [Mr. Bodt-
weli,] was here last session when we passed
the Freedmen's Bureau, in which we called
them States and legislated over them as States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not forget to answer my question. He
told me he would do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman's question
only involved the point whether those States
can exercise the functions of a State or were
subject to exclusive congressional legislation
in the absence of a constitutional State gov-
ernment. I have been answering that ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I put to the gentleman
this further question: if this bill .should be
enacted into a law what laws would then be in'
force over those people ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That question I propose
to answer, and with this I shall close what I
have to say.
I have before replied to the gentleman that
those States, having entered into rebellion, the
unlimited power for the common defense
throughout their limits was exercisable by Con-
gress by virtue of the very terms and intend-
ment of the Constitution, and this power may
be exercised by Congress until the time when
those people return to their loyalty and fealty
in such a manner as shall satisfy the people of
the United States, duly organized and repre-
sented in Congress, of their fitness to be re-
stored to their full constitutional relations.
If this is not law then it results that the mo-
ment you break the battalion of armed rebel-
lion in the field of open conflict, that moment
all the sovereignty that originally pertained to
