1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
Sir. MORRILL. Does that carry with it
mileage ?
The SPEAKER. This relates only to the
question of pay. The gentleman from Ne-
braska is unquestionably entitled, under the
law, to mileage for this session, having been
sworn in as a member.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
if the previous question be not seconded, will
it be in order to amend the resolution so as to
nav him only from the time when he took his
seat?
Mr. DAAVES. He is already entitled to that
by law.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southern railroads.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to submit, under the instructions of the select
Committee on Southern Railroads, the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the select Committee on
Southern Railroads, with the testimony, be printed,
and that the Clerk of the House be, and is hereby,
instructed and required to canse the same to be laid
before the next House of Representatives for their
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
natal appropriation' bill.
Mr. KASSON. I am about to move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to proceed to the
consideration of the naval appropriation bill.
Before submitting that motion, however, I move
that when the House shall resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on that bill all general debate shall
terminate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Conkling in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 1176) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th June, 1868.
First amendment:
On page 2, after line eleven, insert the following :
For the purchase of the wharf adjoining the navy-
yard, $135,000: Provided, That this sum shall cover
the whole cost of the property, and it can be acquired
on terms satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with an amendment adding
the following:
And provided further, That the title acquired shall
be first approved by the Attorney General of the
United States.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to submit a brief statement of facts with ref-
erence to this matter, and then I shall leave
the discussion of the question to the mem-
bers of the Naval Committee and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
This wharf adjoins the navy-yard at Charles-
town, Massachusetts. For two or three years
we have been pressed by the Navy Depart-
ment to make this purchase in order to give
deep water and water front for the Govern-
ment vessels lying at that yard. In accord-
ance with this recommendation of the Depart-
ment, the Committee on Naval Affairs of this
House has, on some former occasion, reported
in favor of the purchase. Discussion has
taken place in reference to the matter; but
the proposition has never been adopted in
both branches at any one session. I wish to
state further that the officers of the Navy De-
partment, and especially Rear Admiral Smith,
in charge of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
and one of the most honest men in the service
of the Government, have urgently and repeat-
edly recommended the making of this purchase
by the Government.
One other fact [ wish to state. No individ-
ual to my knowledge has been in Washington
to urge the purchase of this property. On the
contrary, sir, individuals are earnestly at work
to prevent its purchase on some ground of
local interest. It is a remarkable instance,
the Government being anxious to purchase it
while individuals are combining to prevent its
purchase. The matter has been fully consid-
ered by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
I hope it will be acted on at this time.
Mr. BANKS rose.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Has not this
been uniformly voted down by a large major-
ity every time before this Congress ? Has it
not been voted down already two or three
times.
Mr. KASSON. It has never been before
us two or three times, and therefore could not
have been voted down.
Mr. BANKS. It is with regret that I tres-
pass upon the attention of the committee by
any opposition to this appropriation, and I
would not do it if I did not feel it to be my
duty to the people whom I represent to make
a proper presentation of this case. It is not
true that no one has been here to advocate this
claim. I understand one of the individuals
interested has been here. It is true, however,
that individuals have opposed it. The city of
Charlestown is opposed to it. It takes away
the vital privileges of that city. Individuals
who are not interested in opposition to the city
are opposed to it.
It is on that ground I speak against it. Let
me say that the eity of Charlestown on the
point of land between the Mystic river and the
Charles river has on its water-front the navy-
yard referred to. It covers on the Charles river
nearly all the deep-water privileges. They
have surrendered to the navy-yard nearly all
of the deep-water privileges of the city of
Charlestown except, I believe, five or six
wharves. These, between the line of the navy-
yard and Bunker Hill bridge, are the only valu-
able water privileges the city of Charlestown
has. The plan is to purchase one of these
wharves and then the other, taking two thirds
of the deep-water privileges of Charlestown.
It deprives them first of the taxable property,
and secondly of access to the sea by taking
away this deep-water privilege.
I oppose it because it is not necessary for
the Government of the United States. We
have been through a war which has put the
heaviest strain upon the Navy Department
that is possible. No effort was made during
the war to enlarge this yard. Now, at the close
of the war, when the country, according to the
document which has been read from the Clerk's
desk, is in a state of entire peace, the Navy
Department insists on the purchase from indi-
viduals of this wharf property. It is not ne-
cessary and ought not to be voted against the
will of the people of Charlestown.
The records of the House show that hereto-
fore in the discussion of this question very
serious charges have been made against the
parties who are and have been pressing this
purchase. I make none of these charges. I
doubt not they are all governed by proper mo-
tives. I will say, however, this property was
purchased in order to sell it to the Govern-
ment. It is not property which it was proposed
on the part of the Government to purchase,
but it was purchased by individuals to sell to
the Government, and at a price more than it is
worth if they did not have this in view.
Mr. KASSON. Let me say that the propo-
sition is made on the part of the Government,
which has been all along most anxious to pur-
chase this property.
Mr. BANKS. I am speaking of the men
who originally purchased it. The Government
did not propose to purchase it then. It was
purchased by individuals for speculation with
the Government, and then the Government
comes in with their proposition to buy this
property from them. The gentleman says the
officers of the navy-yard are disinterested and
honest; but, sir, the friends of those officers in
the neighborhood of Charlestown are under-
stood to be interested, and when I state that
j fact the House will understand me.
This property was purchased two or three
years ago for about sixty thousand dollars, and
the parties now propose to sell half of it to the
Government for $135,000. As soon as this
puchase shall be made the parties will propose
\ to sell the other half of it to the Government
! for one hundred and thirty-five or one hundred
! and fifty thousand dollars more, thus making
j between two and three hundred thousand dol-
ars on property which was sold at above its
value two or three years ago for a sum not
exceeding $60,000. If they complete these two
! sales they will receive for the property more
I than four times the amount of the original
! purchase-money.
; I believe that this committeewill come to the
conclusion that this property is not necessary
J to the Government, that the price asked is not
, & fair one, and that the purchase ought not to
be pressed on the Government at this time,
and above all that the people of Charlestown
ought not to be deprived of this little remnant
of deep-water privilege which has been left to
them.
Sir, the people of Charlestown deserve well
of the Government. They served it at its
foundation with fidelity and patriotism, and
ever since, from that time up to this, they nave
always been true to their duty. They oppose
this measure. I oppose it in their name. I
have no earthly interest in opposing it except
on account of their opposition, and certainly I
have no hostility to the prosperity of the Navy
Department.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move pro
forma to strike out the last word of the amend-
ment for the purpose of replying to my col-
league.
Mr. Chairman, this subject is not altogether
new to the members of the House who have
been here for the last three or four years. It
is not so new to them as it is to my friend and
colleague who has just addressed the House
upon the subject. He stated in the course of
his remarks that during the progress of the war
no effort was made on the part of the Navy
Department to make a purchase of this prop-
erty. In that statement he is so far mistaken
as he is in some of the other statements which
he has made. On the contrary, almost imme-
diately after the war broke out and the Navy
began to be considerably increased the Navy
Department did apply to Congress, and it has
since applied over and over again to Congress
for permission to make this purchase in order
that it might have at the navy-yard at Charles-
town the necessary facilities for carrying on the
naval establishment there.
The facts in relation to the necessity for this
purchase are these: the Government of the
United States has had for many years a large
naval establishment at Charlestown. It has
invested there many million dollars. It is
the most important navy-yard in the United
States with a single exception. The territory
of that yard is entirely insufficient for the
operations which are carried on there, and the
operations are no greater than the facilities
which the Government has established justify.
They have gone on and made the establish-
ment what it is, in the full confidence that,
when the time should arrive that it would be
necessary for them to procure an enlargement
of that territory, that enlargement could be had.
Now, sir, the parties who own this property
are prepared to sell it to the Government on
reasonable terms. The Government itself is
prepared to purchase the property on the terms
upon which it is offered by its owners, so that
both the owners of this property and the Gov-
ernment are entirely agreed that the purchase
shall be made and in respect to the terms upon
which it shall be made, and the price that shall
be paid for it.
