1867.
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
The gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Loan) ob-
jects, and the gentleman from Illinois can offer
no further resolutions.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution. I think ! offered one the
last Monday the House was in "session, but I am
not certain.
Mr. LOAN. I make the point of order on
the gentleman.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask that my resolution
may be read for information.
Mr. LOAN. I have no objection to that.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill providing for the repeal
of all laws and parts of laws giving the Secretary or
the Treasury authority to withdraw any of the na-
tional legal-tender currency from circulation, except
the compound-interest notes, which shall be funded m
the bonds of the United States as they mature.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they bad examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. 828) to
repeal section thirteen of an aet to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion,
to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
and for other purposes, approved July 17,
1862, when the Speaker signed the same.
compensation tor slaves enlisted.
Mr. McCLURG. I offer the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which I demand
the previous question:
Whereas under the provisions of section twenty-
four of an act entitled "An act to amend an aet
entitled 'An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes,'" approved
February 24, 1861, the Socretary of War was required
to appoint a commission in each of the slave States
represented in Congress to award to each loyal per-
son to whom a colored volunteer may have owed
service a just compensation, payable out of the fund
derived from commutations; and whereas under the
provisions of section two of an act approved July
28, 1866, entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1867, and for other purposes,"
so much of any money in the Treasury known as the
commutation fund as may be necessary was appro-
priated for payment to such claimants of the amounts
before or thereafter to be awarded upon the final
reports of such commissions on all such claims; and
whereas also it is represented that so vague and decep-
tive are the interpretations of the word " loyal," and
"so perverted the consciences of those who sympa-
thized with the late rebellion, that oaths are unscru-
pulously taken, and proofs made whiehwill compel
the most watchful commissioners now in session to
award millions of dollars to the most guileful enemies
of the Government, contrary to the spirit of the acts
before mentioned: Therefore,
Beit resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the constitutionality and
expediency of a repeal of these laws, and to report to
this House by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question, ordered, being upon agreeing to
the resolution.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 30, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brande-
gee, Bromwell, Broomail, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Cul-
ver. Darling, Davis, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Ilart,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, llooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Ivelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, W llliam Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard,
JlcClurg, MeKee, McRuer, Mereur,, Miller, Moor-
licad, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Oith, I auie,
Patterson,Perhani,Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexan-
der 11. llice, John H. Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scofield, Starr. Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam. Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wcntworth,
Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Windom—-107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ler, Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Finek, Glo?sbrennor,
Aaron Harding, Hawkins. Hise, Hogan, Humphrey,
Kerr, Leftwich, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Bitter,
Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Trim-
ble, Andrew H. Ward, and Winfield—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Banks, Barker,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer. Conk]ins, Dawes,
bard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell. Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Koontz,
Laflin, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough,
Mclndoe, Morris, Newell, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Spalding, Stilwell, Nelson Taylor, Thornton,
Burt van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, William B.
Washburn, Woodbridge, and Wright—64.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
preamble.
Mr. McCLUEG. Upon that I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. McCLUEG moved to reconsider the
votes by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of the president, etc.
Mr. LOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That for the purpose of securing the fruits
of the victories gained on the part of the Republic
during the late war, waged by rebels and traitors
against the life of the nation, and of giving effect to
the will of the people as expressed at the polls dur-
ing the recent elections by a majority numbering in
the aggregate more than four hundred thousand
votes, it is the imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to take without delay such action as will
accomplish the following objects:
1. The impeachment of the officer now exercising
the functions pertaining to the office of President of
the United States of America, and his removal from
said office upon his conviction, in due form of law,
of the high crimes and misdemeanors of which he is
manifestly and notoriously guilty, and which render
it unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
2. To provide for the faithful and efficient admin-
istration of the executive department of the Govern-
ment within the limits prescribed by law.
3. To provide effective means for immediately reor-
ganizing civil governments in those States lately in
rebellion, excepting Tennessee, and for restoring
them to their practical relations with the Govern-
ment upon a basis of loyalty and justice; and to this
end, .
4. To secure by the direct intervention of Federal
authority the right of franchise alike, without regard
to color, to all classes of loyal citizens residing within
those sections of the Republic which were lately in
rebellion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire in what
manner this resolution comes before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Loan] offers it under the regular
call of States for resolutions, and demands the
previous question upon its adoption.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loan] withdraw his
call for the previous question until I offer an
amendment, when I will reuew the call for the
previous question?
Mr. LOAN. I will hear the amendment read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must
cither withdraw or insist upon his call for the
previous question. If it is withdrawn, and any
member vises to discuss the resolution, it must
go over under the rule.
Mr. LOAN. Then I insist upon the call
for the previous question.
Mr. A NOON A. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. LOAN and Mr. CHANLEIi called
for the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the Chair whether, if the> previous question
should not be seconded, it will then be in
order to move to refer this resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay on
the table be disagreed to, and the call for the
previous question bo not seconded, then a
motion to refer will be in order, unless some
member rises to debate the resolution, when it
will go over under the rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire if the
caucus of Saturday night did not determine
that this and similar resolutions should be sent
to the Committee on the Judiciary without
debate? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not a patliament-
aTy inquiry. The question was upon laying the
resolution on the table.
Mr. HILL. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether, under the rule, this resolution does
not go to the joint committee on reconstruction
without debate, as it relates to representation
from the lately rebellious States?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOAN. I ask leave to modify my reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do that; now the point of order is raised. The
Chair will explain the reason for his decision
sustaining the point of order. The third clause
of the resolution provides that it is the imper-
ative duty of Congress—
To provide effective means for immediately reor-
ganizing civil governments in those States lately in
rebellion excepting Tennessee^ and for restoring
them to the practical relations with the Government
upon a basis of loyalty and justice.
During the last session of Congress the Chair
ruled, upon a resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkidge,] alluding
to the practical relations of a State with the
General Government, that it included the ques-
tion of representation, and therefore the resolu-
tion should go to the joint committee on recon-
struction without debate under the rule. That
decision was appealed from, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained. According to that
ruling, this resolution must go without debate to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is it in order to move
to lay this resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has
already gone, under the rule, to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. LOAN. I would inquire if any part of
the resolution goes to the joint committee on
reconstruction except the'portion which the
Chair rules has relation to representation from
the lately rebellious States?
The SPEAKER. It all goes together.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order, whether it is not too late to raise this
question, the previous question having been
seconded and the main question ordered._ I
think that during the last session, when a sim-
ilar question was raised by Mr. Voorhees,
then a member from Indiana, the Speaker
allowed the resolution to be debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The previous question has
not yet been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered upon the motion to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. LOAN. I ask leave to withdraw the
third and fourth propositions.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Has not the gen-
tleman the right to modify the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not now
before the House * it has been referred, under
the rule, to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
printing specifications op patents.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following
resolution;
Resolved, That the Socretary of the Interior be
instructed to inform this House if any contract has
been entered into with any person or persons ior tho
printing of the specifications of patents, and if so, by
virtue of what law tho same was made; and that he
furnish a copy thereof, with the amount of expend-
itures incurred in carrying it into eiToct.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the resolution was adopted ; and
