1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
1088
organized constitutional State governments im-
mediately springs into being without the power
of challenge on the part of the nation. I deny
that such is the fact. It remains for those who
have been in rebellion after they have surren-
dered upon the field of conflict to exercise
their right of petition, being citizens of the
United States, peaceably and quietly under the
general operation of the Constitution, the gen-
eral jurisdiction of which still extends over
them, and present to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States a constitutional form of govern-
ment, republican as required by the Constitu-
tion, and in all respects conformable to the
laws of the United States, and thereby give
some evidence of their disposition and fitness
to return to that allegeance which they at-
tempted to throw off by their treason, and
which they always owed to the Government,
and to be restored to the powers of organized
States of the Union, which had protected them
and theirs. When that day comes the Gov-
ernment by the sword ought to and must cease
and determine, and the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States to govern therein must
then also cease.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
this proposition: that^he effect of the amend-
ment which I propose in the preamble is to
make a solemn declaration to the country that
this military authority is not to be exercised an
hour after those States shall have been restored
to their constitutional relations. What objec-
tion is there to this?> I know that it is not
necessary to do so; but is it not politic and
wise to solemnly notify the world that you are
going to exercise these extraordinary powers
only so long as,_in the word of the Constitu-
tion, it shall be necessary for the rightful en-
forcement of the Constitution and laws and the
protection of life and property in the insurgent
States? Incorporate this amendment in the
preamble and thereby proclaim that this power
is to be exercised only until those insurgent
States shall have been fully restored to their
constitutional relations to the Government of
the United States. This being done every
one will be under the protection of the civil
law, and the occasion for military rule will
happily have passed away, and those disorgan-
ized States be restored to their equal political
power in the Union.
I desire to put this amendment into the pre-
amble for the further reason that J wish thereby
to notify in the most solemn form the men who
constitute, perhaps, the majority of the people
in those ten lately insurgent States, and who-
themselves were in open armed rebellion, that
what they have to do, and all they have to do,
in order to get rid of military rule and military
fovernment, is to present to the Congress of the
(nited States a constitutional form of State
government in accord with the letter and spirit
of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, together with a ratification of the pend-
ing constitutional amendment. ,
That being done, sir, this military rule ceases
and determines. I am sure of this : that the
American people will have rule, civil or mili-
tai'y, in those insurgent States until they shall
be fully restored to their constitutional rela-
tions. And in so far as they may bo able under
direction of law and the authority of law en-
acted by their Congress, they will protect all
men in those States in life, liberty, and prop-
erty until they can be fully protected under
accepted constitutional State governments.
When men in those States shall have fulfilled
their obligations, and^vhen the great people
themselves shall have put, by their own right-
ful authority, into the fundamental law the sub-
lime decree, the nation's will, that no State shall
deny to any mortal man the equal protection
of the laws—not of the laws of South Carolina
alone, but of the laws national and State—and
above all, sir, of that great law, the Constitu-
tion of our own country, which is the supreme
law of the land from Georgia to Oregon and
from Maine to Florida—then, sir, by assenting
thereto those States may be restored at once.
To that end, sir, I labor and for that I strive;
and in order there may be no hinderance in
the way, no unnecessary catch-words inserted
to get rid of that great amendment^! ask that
this phrase "so-called States" be stricken from
the bill and preambleJVnd that this limitation
upon the exercise of this great power of Gov-
ernment be inserted plainly, declaring that mil-
itary rule shall cease upon restoration.
Mr. MAYN ARD. The gentleman will allow
me to call hisattention to this particular point:
what effect will this bill have, if passed, upon
the existing organizations of State govern-
ments ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I attempted to state; it
has this effect: they exercise their functions,
if this bill shall pass, by sufferance of the
nation, and to the extent the commanders
may permit. I do not suppose the bill was in-
tended to prohibit those informal governments
from enforcing justice in their courts, or from
deciding upon simple contracts. I do not sup-
pose it was intended by this bill to enforce a
collection of debts through courts-martial or
military commissions, or to grant administra-
tion therein, or to prescribe the law for the
solemnization of marriage, or for the distribu-
tion of estates, but to enforce such laws as
will insure the safety and liberty of all the
people of all those States.
Mr. MAYNA11D. If we pass this bill will
it permit us, so far as these organizations are
concerned, if they embarrass us hereafter, to
set them aside and provide others?
Mr. BINGHAM. If we are not satisfied that
those organizations are republican and just and
equal and constitutional, we may require them
to go further and do something else.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In the present
position of the bill under consideration an
amendment I am aware is not in order. But
I desire to submit for consideration some
amendments, and if they shall be found prac-
ticable and desirable they can be offered if
opportunity shall be given hereafter. I may
remark the bill does not propose any plan of
reorganizing State governments in the late
rebel States. It emphatically asserts, what is
not seriously denied anywhere now, that the
existing State governments in ten of the rebel
States were set up without authority and in
violation of the Constitution, and are therefore
of course illegal. It provides for the military
protection of the people in these States. The
experience of nearly two years, and the concur-
rent testimony of all who have the means of
knowing, abundantly prove the necessity of
this military protection.
Unless the loyal population of these States
is to be left to the merciless rule of the rebels,
who employ the color of authority they exorcise
under illegal but de facto State governments to
oppress all who are loyal without furnishing
them any protection against murder and all the
wrongs that rebels can inflict on loyal men, wo
cannot, dare not refuse to pass this bill.
But this bill does not touch the question of
reorganizing legal State governments. Such
governments can be established in several
modes, if Congress would ratify the existing
State governments that would give them valid-
ity. But there are objections to this. Itisalways
dangerous to approve what has been illegally
done. These State governments are in the
hands of rebels, and have signally failed to
accomplish the purpose of all government—to
protect life, liberty, and property ; and beside
they are not republican in form. Congress
might pass an "enabling act" prescribing the
mode of organizing State governments, author-
izing the appointment of provisional governors,
with a provisional or temporary government
somewhat similar to a territorial government.
The territorial laws enable the people to form
State governments; but with the appointing
power in the hands of such a President as An-
drew Johnson, the provisional governors would
all be men whose sympathies and powers would
be exercised in the interest of rebels against
loyal men, against a State government repub-
lican in form. We cannot trust the President.
An enabling act is therefore not so practicable
as it would be if the President himself adhered
to the principles which he professed when lie
was elected.
- The people may voluntarily organize a State
government in the exercise of the right of pe-
tition, and they may ask Congress to approve
and ratify such government. This was done
in the case of West Virginia and of Tennessee.
But until such voluntary governments can be
formed there ought to be, if practicable, a civil
government in some form, with the administra-
tion of justice as well as that military jurisdic-
tion which the condition of the rebel States de-
mands, and which on constitutional grounds is
justified by that condition and by the state of
war which yet exists in those States—not fla-
grant war, but nevertheless a state of war—the
period recognized by courts as non flagrante,
sed nondum cessante hello.
This bill does not authorize any form of
civil government, provisional or otherwise. It
does indeed provide that the military authori-
ties " may allow civil tribunals to take juris-
diction of and to try offenders." This, of
course, permits the exercise of the jurisdiction
not only of the natatmal courts, but of those of
the local illegal State governments. I will not
say it is a recognition of the rightfulness of that
exercise of jurisdiction, but it is open to the
objection that it may be construed into a recog-
nition of the right to exercise it.
For myselfi 1 am ready to set aside by law
all these illegal governments. Tlicy have re-
jected all fair terms of reconstruction; they
have rejected the constitutional amendments
we have tendered them ; they are engines of
oppression against all loyal men ; they are not
republican in form or in practice. Let them
not only be ignored as legal governments but
set aside because they are illegal. And inas-
much as the force of circumstances will not
permit us to pass "enabling acts" that would
be faithfully carried into effect, we may prop-
erly confer upon the national courts already
existing in the rebel States the power to exer-
cise all necessary jurisdiction in all cases where
judicial authority may be requisite. This juris-
diction can be conferred on existing national
courts just as fully as it is conferred on courts
created in the Territories. This will give to
all the people the protection of a judiciary un-
der national authority. This bill provides
that each district shall have assigned to it an
officer of the regular Army who might be called,
but is not, a military or provisional governor.
He will be the executive authority, just as An-
drew Johnson was military governor of Ten-
nessee when its military necessities required
such an officer there.
With this military and judicial authority in
operation the people can by voluntary action,
as in the ease of Tennessee, form a State gov-
ernment in each State and submit it to Con-
gress for its ratification and approval. And
such governments, when properly organized
and in loyal hands, and, like Tennessee, ac-
cepting the proper terms of reconstruction, can
by the action of Congress be ratified, and the
States restored to their proper, practical rela-
tions in the Union. The amendments I have
to suggest will complete this bill, and give that
civil jurisdiction which this bill does not. All
this is authorized by the Constitution in that
clause which makes it the duty of Congress to
guaranty to every State a republican form of
Government. Congress is the sole judge of
the means necessary to accomplish this end.
The ten unreconstructed rebel States have no
lawful State governments, and it is the duty of
Congress now to take the steps necessary to
create new State governments.
And now, Mr. Speaker, with a view to have
the consideration of the House on certain
modifications and additions to the bill, I sug-
gest the amendments I send to the Clerk's
desk :
The Clerk read as follows:
In scetion one, lino three, strike out the words
"bo-called States," and insert the words the sev-
eral districts of country which, prior to the rebellion,
composed the States of North Carolina, bouth Car-
olina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
