WSS ■ O0J^(tR1SSIOKAL' GLOlI,
January 7,
also moye'd tliat tlje m6taon to reconsider be
laid oiitSe table.' , "
' Th&' latter motion was agreed 'td : '
. impeachment ov tsemsldekt.
. KELSO. I submit; tW,following reso-
lution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion:
- Resolved, That fay the' pur-pose of securing the
fruits of the victories gained on the part of the Re-
pnbHc during the l&fce Wal% waged by rebels and trai-
tors against the:lif6 ef the nation, and of giving effect
to the will of the people, as expressed at the poll's
during the late.'election by majorities numbering in
the aggregate fftore than four- hundred thousand
votes, it is the- imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, to take, without delay,; such action as will
accomplish the following objects:
1. The impeachment* of the officer now exercising
the functions perfcaining.to the office of the President
of the United States of America,, and his removal
from office, upon-his conviction, in due form, of the
criifies and high.tQifedfemeano-rs of which he is mani-
festly and notoriously guilty, and which render it
unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
2. To provide for the" faithful and efficient ad-
ministration of the executive department within the
limits prescribed by law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. Is not this precisely the
same document that was just offered by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan?]
The SPEAKER, . It ig hot. It is quite
different, "as it omits several things which were
in the othef.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not
the other resolution referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not
this the precise paper that was referred?
The SPEAKER. It is Hot.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the question of adopting the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I call for the yeas
' and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 desire to inquire of
the Chair whether, if this motion be not agreed
to, it will not be in order to move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. It will be, unless the
resolution should give rise to debate, in -which
case it will go over, under the rule.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then let us refer it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. No; let us pass it
to-day.
The question was taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 40, nays 104,
not voting 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R.Ashley, Baldwin,
Bergen, Campbell, Chanler, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenncr, Aaron Harding, Haw-
kins, Hise, Hogan, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, Leftwich, McCullough, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam 11. Randall, Rittcr, Ross, Shankhn, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Trimble,
Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, and Winfield—40.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bakor, Banks, Baxter. Beaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwcll, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Bandy, Reader W.
Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,Donnelly,
Diiggs, Dumont, Eekley, Farqubar, Farnsworth,
Perry, GariieW, Grinncll, Abner C. Harding. Hart,
Hares, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Chester
I>. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenekes. Julian, Kasson, Iielley, Kelso,
Keteham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longye.ir, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard,
McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, M.\ers,O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Porham, Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rico, John If. Rice, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. \7ash-
burnc, Ilonry D. Washburn, Welter, Wentworth,
Williams, James E. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—104.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Barker, Blaine,
Blow, Buyer, Conkling, Dawes, Denison, Dodge,
Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Harris,
Hill, llotchkiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones,
Koontz, Latlin, Le Blond, Marshall, Mcludoe,
Morris, Newell. Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy. Radford,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shellabarger. Sitgreavos,
Sloan, Stilwell, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, William B. Washburn, Woodbridge,
aud Wright—47.
' So the House refused to lay the resolation
Oil the table;
Tke SPEAKER. The morning hour lias
expired,"and the resolution goeg over till Mon-
day next.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDES^.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Mr. Robhit Johnson.
OCeOPANCY of sast juan.
The- SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House, the report of the Secretary
of State Of-certain correspondence relating to
the joint occupancy, of the Island of San Juan,
in Washington Territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
arrest of john ii. surratt.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President, transmitting an
additional report of the Secretary of State
relating to the discovery and arrest of John H.
Surratt; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary-and ordered to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to perform a painful but, nevertheless, to
me an imperative duty ; a duty which I think
ought not longer to be postponed, and which
cannot, without criminality on our part, be neg-
lected. I had hoped, sir, that this duty would
have devolved upon an older and more expe-
rienced member of this House than myself.
Prior to our adjournment I asked a number of
gentlemen to offer the resolution which I in-
troduced, but upon which I failed to obtain a
suspension of the rules.
Confident, sir, that the loyal people of this
country demand at our hands the adoption of
some such proposition as I am about to sub-
mit, I am determined that no effort on my part
shall be wanting to see that their expectations
are not disappointed.
Mr. FINCk. I rise to a point of order. I
want to know what the question is.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio.- I will state it.
Mr. FINCK. I have not heard it.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists,
th&question must be stated.
Mr. FINCK. I do insist.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then, sir, on my
responsibility as a Representative, and in the
presence of this House, and before the Amer-
ican people, I charge Andrew Johnson. Vice
President and acting President of the United
States, with the commission of acts which,_ in
contemplation of the Constitution, are high
crimes and misdemeanors, for which, in my
judgment, he ought to be impeached. I there-
fore submit the following 
Mr. FINCK. 1 propose another question
of order. Is that a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is. In the Tvvonty-
Seventh Congress, by the then Speaker, it was
decided, on the point raised by Horace Ev-
erett, of Vermont, that it was a question of
privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. Is there not a special
order for to-day?
The SPEAKER. Tlie unfinished business,
which is the regular order, cannot interfere
with this proposition.
The Clerk read the proposition of Mr. Ash-
let, of Ohio, which is as follows:
I do impeach Andrew Johnson, Vice President and
acting President of the United States, of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
X charge him with a usurpation of power and vio-
lation of law:
In that he has corruptly used the appointing power;
Iu that he has corruptly used the pardoning power;
In that he has corruptly used the veto power;
In that he has corruptly disposed of public property
of the United States;
In that he has corruptly interfered in elections, and
committed acts which, m contemplation of the Con-
stitution, are high crimes and misdemeanors: There-
fore, r ..
Be it resolved, That the Committee on tho Judi-
ciary be, and-they are hereby, authorized to inquire
into the official conduct of Andrew, Johnson, Vice
President of the United States, discharging tho
powers and duties of the Office of President of the
United States, and to report to this House Whether,
in their opinion, tlie, said Andrew Johnson, while in
said office, has been guilty of acts.which are designed
or calculated to overthrow, subvert, 'or corrupt the
Government of the United States, or any department
or office thereof; and whether the- said Andrew
Johnson has been guilty of any act, or has conspired
with others to do acts, which, in contemplation of tho
Constitution, aro high crimes and misdemeanors, re-
quiring the interposition of the constitutional power
of this House; and that said committee have power
to send'for persons and papers, and to administer the
customary oath to witnesses.
Mt. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I move it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 105, not voting
47; as follows:"
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona. Bergen, Caihpbell, Cooper,
Davis, Dawson, Dodge, Eldridge, Finek: Glossbren-
ner, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, liisc,Hogan,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Lett-
wieh, McCullough, Nibla«k, Nicholson,Phelps, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin,
Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nel-
son Taylor, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, and
Winfield—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland,
Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobh, Cook, Cullom,Culver, Darling, Defrees, Delano,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, AbnoT C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, .John H. Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, KassonJCelley, Kelso,
Kuykendall,George V. Lawrence, AVilliam Lawrence,
Loan, Lonevear,Lynch, Marvin, Maynard,McClurg,
McKee, McRucr, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Plants, Price. William H. Randal], Alexan-
der II. Rice, John H.Rice.Sawyer,Schenek,Scofield,
Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—105.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin,Blaine,
Blow, Boyer, Conkling, Dawes, Denison, Dumont,
Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Hotchkiss,
Asaliel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Keteham,Koontz,
Laflin, Latham, LeBlond, Marshall, Marston, Meln-
doe, Morris, Newell, Noell, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Stilwell, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Wiliam B. Washburn, Woodbridge,
and Wright—-47.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to inquire if the
demand for the previous question is not seconded
whether it will not then be in order to move to
refer tlie resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. B1NGHAM. Then I hope it will not be
seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope it will be.
[Laughter.]
The question being taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, there were—
ayes 67, noes 49.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered,and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Bingham and Ashley, of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 46.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MYERS called for the reading of the
resolution.
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. 1 wish to inquire
whether a motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary would at this time
be in order.
The SPEAKER. It would not, the previous
question having been seconded, and the main
question ordered. It could only bo done by
