1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
  ,Jt 
March 2,
The amount of land that will be taken is
inconsiderable to the city of Charlestown.
The city as a corporation has no other interest
whatever in this property, so far as I know,
than that it brings certain annual revenue to
the city of Charlestown from the taxes that are
imposed upon it.
Now, sir, this property is in .the use of the
Government to-day. I understand it is occu-
pied by the Navy Department, and I under-
stand also that that Department has been
forced to use it because the premises attached
to the yard are so small.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
stated in the course of his remarks that the
price originally paid for this land was but
$60,000, and that now these parties desire to
sell half of it to the Government for $135,000.
This is a mistake. The price paid for the
whole property was originally $104,000. These
parties have expended upon it from twenty-
five to thirty thousand dollars, making the cost
of the whole property about the amount for
which they propose to sell to the Government
as much of it as the Government can make
use of. What the Government wants is th'e
water-front, and I wish I could have the atten-
tion of the Committee so that they might
understand that fact. The Government desires
the water front there, and the part that is
reserved by the owners of the land is a diago-
nal piece at the upper part of the territory,
whicn would be of no use whatever to the
Government.
In answer to the suggestion that the price
asked for this land is too high, I would remind
the House that my colleague from the city of
Boston [Mr. Hooper] once said upon this
floor that he was prepared to pay for this
piece of property the sum which the Govern-
ment proposed to pay for it.
I hope that the Committee on Appropria-
tions will bf sustained in their recommenda-
tion in regard to this amendment, and that
the House will concur in it.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague, and I ask the committee
to give me their attention for a moment while
I reply to him. I will not argue the question
as to the amount of the purchase-money of this
property, because that is a disputed question ;
yet I venture to repeat what I said before, that
the owners of it ask double as much for a por-
tion of it as they paid for the whole. As to
the fact that the Government sought to pur-
chase this property during the war, let me say
that if they had sought to make the purchase
they would have done so of the original hold-
ers, and they could have purchased the whole
property for sixty, eighty, or one hundred
thousand dollars, while tne present holders
ask $135,000 for half of it.
My colleague, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Rice,] says that the
city of Charlestown has no interest in this
appropriation excepting its interest in the rev-
enue derived from it from taxation. Sir, that
is a very narrow view of the interest of the city
of Charlestown in this property. It is a deep
water front, which is more important to the
prosperity of that city than it is to the navy-
yard. Sir, the Government ought not to take
it irom the city of Charlestown without the
consent of the people of that city, which con-
sent, as my colleague well knows, has never
yet been given.
I hope that the committee will not concur in
this amendment of the Senate. Let me say
again that the city of Charlestown has claims
upon the sympathies and support of the Rep-
resentatives of the American people, and I
trust that those claims will not be overlooked
here.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I renew it pvo forma merely
for the purpose of making a very brief state-
ment in regard to this matter. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] thought that
I was in error in the statement which I made,
that no one had been here opposing the pur-
chase of this property. I wish now to repeat
that statement. So far as the Committee on
Appropriations is concerned, and so far as my
own individual knowledge extends, I do not
know of one single individual who has been
here to oppose it.
Mr. BANKS. A gentleman on the Naval
Committee told me that some parties inter-
ested in this matter had been here to oppose
this purchase. There has been no person here
representing the city of Charlestown, of course.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say further, that
it is no argument against the purchase of this
property now that several years ago it could
have been bought at a less price. Property
near cities, as we all know, has increased very
largely in value all over the country within a
few years past; and that is no argument against
the purchase, if, as is stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, the own-
ers of the property are prepared to sell it to
the Government at what is now a reasonable
price, a price which would be paid for it by
any private individual who wanted it.
Now, under these circumstances, I submit
that the only questions for the action of the
Committee of the Whole are simply whether
they are convinced that the Government needs
this property, and whether they are willing to
appropriate this sum of money to purchase It.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Willthegentleman state
what control the city of Charlestown has over
this property, what interest it has in it, and
what use it could make of it ?
Mr. KASSON. First, they collect taxes
upon it now as private property, which they
could not do if it became the property of the
Government. Secondly, the merchants and
business men of Charlestown wish the advan-
tage of the water front whenever they can get
it for their own private uses.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Are they in competi-
tion with the Government for the purchase of
this property ?
Mr. KASSON. They have no desire to
purchase it ?
Mr. BANKS. This water front constitutes
the value of the city of Charlestown as a com-
mercial city; it is not a question of taxes at all.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. What is the extent of
this water front?
Mr. KASSON. My information is that it
is about two hundred or two hundred and fifty
feet.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is two
hundred and eighty feet.
Mr. BANKS. It is about one third or two
fifths of all the water front remaining to the
city of Charlestown.
Mr. KASSON. The final issue really is
whether the city of Charlestown shall prevent
the Government of the United States from
purchasing the property it needs.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise more for the pur-
pose than anything else of repelling an insin-
uation that was made that the Committee on
Appropriations was besieged for four years by
borers upon this subject. While I was on the
Committee of Ways and Means the naval au-
thorities having the control of this matter
came before us and showed that this property
was necessary for the good conduct of the
operations of their Department of the Govern-
ment; that the Government had as much right
to purchase this wharf as anybody else had;
that it was necessary, for the operations of the
Government at present carried on there were
such as required them to run on to the prop-
erty of other people; that by the purchase of
this wharf the Government would simply get
the water front, which now belongs to those
who own this property. This they have shown
us for the last four years.
I know that the mayor of Charlestown and
others have been opposing the purchase of this
property by the Government; while the Gov-
ernment has rented this very wharf, and is
using this water front under rent at this time.
The only question is whether the Government
shall be allowed to purchase this property in-
stead of renting it. If I understand the matter,
and I have been examining it for four years,
the vessels of the Government cannot lay there
and swing with the tide unless they have this
wharf. They are obliged now to rent it; and I
cannot understand what harm there can be in
allowing them to purchase it and use it as their
own property. No man connected with or
interested in the wharf ever spoke to me on the
subject.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations to the amendment of the Senate, to
add to it the following:
And provided. That the title acquired shall be first
approved by the Attorney General of the United
States.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was on the amendment, as
amended, as follows:
Page 2, after line seven, insert:
For the purchase of wharf adjoining the navy-
yard, $135,000: Provided, That this sum shall cover
the whole cost o; the property, and it can be ac-
quired on terms satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Navy: And provided. That the title acquired shall
be first approved by the Attorney General of the
United States.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 33, noes 64.
So the amendment, as amended, was non-
concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 2, after line fourteen, insert:
Naval laboratory, New York:
For repairs and apparatus, machinery, fixtures,
painting, glazing, wagons, furniture, &c., $3,500.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 4, strike out all after line four to end of line
eighteen, as follows:
Provided, That the offices of civil engineer, master
machinist, master carpenter, master blacksmith, mus-
ter boiler-maker, master sailmaker, master plumber,
master painter, master caulker, master laborer, and
naval storekeeper, be, and the same are hereby,
established in connection with the navy-yards at
Kittery, Maine; Charlestown, Massachusetts; Brook-
lyn, New York; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and
Washington, District of Columbia: and that thejier-
sons selected to fill the several offices hereby estab-
lished shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
have the immediate supervision of the work to be
performed in theirseveral departments, with author-
ity to select and discharge such workmen as the
necessities of the servioe may require, subject always
to the approval of the commandant of the navy-yard
to which they are attached.
Mr. BANKS. I hope this Committee of the
Whole will not concur in this amendment of
the Senate. It involves a very important ques-
tion, one which will in a very short time be
pressed, not only on the governments of the
States, but upon the Government of the United
States. Prior to and during the war the
mechanical establishments in the navy-yard.^
of the country were under the supervision of
civilians who were skilled in their several de-
partments and were appointed by the proper
officers of the Government. I hold in my hand
a copy of the regulations of the Navy on this
subject, which were issued by Hon. Isaac Tou-
cey, when he filled the office of Secretary of
the Navy.
But very recently a far different practice
has been inaugurated and established in respect
to this matter. Instead of civilians skilled and
practiced in the different branches of manu-
facture carried on in these several depart-
ments, officers of the Navy, commissioned as
snch, and with theiruniforms and sleeve-stripes,
have been appointed to superintend and control
these various mechanical establishments. Now
I have nothing to say against naval officers in
their proper places. I believe it will be con-
ceded, however, that it is not necessary, nor
is it right and expedient, that the mechanics of
this country should be put under the control
and superintendence of officers of the Navy.
There is no law for it, there is no precedent
for it; the very contrary has been the practice
of the Government from the very time when
the Navy Department was first established.
