1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
first reconsidering the vote by which the main
question was ordered.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. Can the motion
to reconsider that vote be made by a member
who voted in the negative?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order for
any member to make the motion from the fact
that the ayes and noes were not ordered upon it.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. Then I move to
reconsider the \ ote by which the House ordered
the main question, and I will notify the
House 
A) r. ASHI jEY, of Ohio, and others. I object.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. That I intend to
move to refer the resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to debate. I
want to make a speech myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to lay the
motion of my colleague on the table.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. ASHLEY of Ohio. I withdraw it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I understood the Speaker to decide that
the House could not take the yeas and nays on
secondingthe demand for the previous question.
The- SPEAKER. It can on ordering the
main question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The motion I under-
stand is on reconsidering the vote by which the
previous question was ordered. Now, if on the
original question you cannot have the yeas and
nays, you cannot on the other.
The SPEAKER. There are two questions.
On seconding the previous question the yeas
and nays cannot be taken ; on ordering the
main question the yeas and nays can be taken.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hubbell]
moves to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered.
"* Mr. WENTWORTH. I think this is not the
motion of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is.
Mr. HUBBELL,, of Ohio. That was my
motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to inquire if the
House reconsiders the vote and then refuses the
demand for the previous question, whether the
resolution will not then be open for amendment
and debate.
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 47, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS—Allison, Arnell, DelosR. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Baker,Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bidweil, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Bandy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Delano,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Barns-
worth,! arquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, John H. Hub bard,Ingersol 1, J enokes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Kcteham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin,
McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Monlton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price, WilliamH.ilandall,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Kice, Sawyer, Sehenek,
Scolield, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Jolm L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Hamil-
ton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James P.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—94.
Is AYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Bergen, Campbell, Chanler. Cooper, Davi3, Dawson,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuy-
kendal], Latham, Leftwich, Maynard, McCullough,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Plants, Samuel J.
Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin, Spald-
ing, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor. Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, and
Wmfiela—17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Bingham,
Blame, Blow, Boyer, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Dawes, Denison, Dodge. Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot
Goodyear. Hale, Harris. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Kajsson, Koontz,
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
Laflin, Le Blond, Marshall, Marston, Mclndoe,
Moiris,Newell, Pumeroy, Radford, Rogers, Rollins,
Rousseau. Shellabnrger. Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stilwcll,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn. William B. Washburn, Woodbridge,
and Wright—50.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon
the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. I submit whether the laying of the
motion to reconsider upon the table does not
carry the resolution with it.
The SPEAKER. It does not, by the express
language of the Digest:
" In general, whatever adheres to the subj ect of this
motion [to lay upon the table] goes on the table with
it; as for example, where a motion to amend is ordered
to lie on the table, thesubjeot which it is proposed to
amend goes with it. But it is not so with the Journal,
where it is voted to lay upon the table a proposed
amendment thereto." * * * * "Nor with
the bill or other proposition,- where the motion to re-
consider is laid upon the table."—Barclay's Digest,
page 109.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution ; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 107, nays 39, not voting, 45 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, De-
los R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter. Beaman, Benjamin, Bid-
well. Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Brom-
well, Broomall, Buekland, Bandy, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs. JEckley, Farnsworth, Fartnihar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinnelt, AbnerC. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Knyken-
"dall, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McKee. McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'N eill, Orth. Paine, Patter-
son, Perham,Pike, Price^William H.Randall, Alex-
ander A. Riee, John H. Rice, Sawyer,Schenck, Sco-
field, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, J ohn h. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Coop-
er, Davis, Dawson, Dodge, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise. Hogan,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, La-
tham, Lcftwich, MeCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter,
Ross, Spalding,Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Whaley,
and Winfield—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Blow, Boyer,
Conkling, Dawes, Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,
Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Harris. Hotchkiss. Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Koontz, Laflin, Le Blond,
Marshall, Mclndoe, Morris, Newell, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radford, Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves. Sloan, Stillwell, Francis
Thomas. Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, William B. Washburn, Woodbridge, and
Wright—45.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reeonsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senatej by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that thatbody had passed without amend-
ment a joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) author-
izing certain medals to be distributed to honora-
bly discharged soldiers free of postage.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 459) suspending the
payment of moneys from the Treasury as com-'
pensation to persons claiming the service or
labor of colored volunteers, and for other pur-
Also, a joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to
provide for the exhibition of cereal productions
of the United States at the Paris Exposition in
April next; in which the' concurrence of the
House was requested.
EXPLORATION OF ISTHMUS OF DARIEN.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I move to proceed
to business upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business upon
the Speaker's table is the jointresolution of the
Senate No. 149 to extend aid and facilities to
the citizens of the United States engaged in the
survey of a route for a ship-canal across the
Isthmus of Darien.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon orderfcig the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
refer this joint resolution to the Committee of
Commerce.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend that motion
so as to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the joint resolution be read.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and requests the Secretary of the Navy to fur-
nish such aid and facilities to citizens of the
United States who arc undertaking an explo-
ration and survey of the Isthmus of Darien for
the purpose of discovering a favorable line for
a ship-canal to connect the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans as he may be able to furnish without
prejudice to the naval service, and without
additional expense to the Government of the
United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think,
upon hearing that joint resolution read, that it
properly belongs to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Therefore I withdraw my motion to
refer it to the Committee of Commerce.
Mr. BANKS. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend so as to refer it to the- Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the Chair to decide to
which committee it properly belongs.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to decide. The Chair is of opinion that
it can properly go to either committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the rule be read establishing the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I think that will determine the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule establishing the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and also the rule establishing the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to take into consideration all matters which
concern the naval establishment, and which shall be
referred to them by the House, and to report their
opinion thereupon; and also to report, from time to
time, such measures as may contribute to economy
and accountability in the said establishment.
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to take into consideration all matters which
concern the relations of the United States with for-
eign nations, and which shall be referred to them by.
the House, and to report their opinion on the same."
Mr. BANKS. I think that, under the rule,
this joint resolution clearly belongs to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask for the present con-.
sideration of this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion to refer. If that motion should be
voted down, the question will be upon the third
reading and passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. As a compromise between
the different committees, I propose that the
resolution be not referred at all, but that it be
taken up and passed at once. It is a measure
that everybody can understand, and the passage
of which the interests of the country demands.
Mr. BANKS. I will agree to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
should take the usual course, and be referred
to a committee.
Mr. BANKS. Then it should go to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CHANLEB. 1 rise merely to say a word
in behalf of the commercial interests of the
country. I do not know that the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwell] or the gentle*
