1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
auoes; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition, of
owners of tugs and other vessels on the lakes
and rivers of our northern frontier, praying
that the provisions of the twenty-first section
of the act entitled "An act to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes," approved July
18, 1866, may not be held to apply to any case
where the towing therein described is done in
whole or in part witbin or upon foreign waters;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Eliza Wells, widow of Henry Augustus Wells,
praying an extension of the patept granted to
her late husband for an improvement in the
manufacture of fur hat bodies ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Pollak & Son, of New York praying for the
repeal of the law imposing a duty on imported
meerschaum and amber; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of farmers and
manufacturers engaged in the cultivation and
manufacture of flax, praying an increase of the
duty on imported flax and flaxseed ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Hubbard & Shoemaker, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEltOT presented a petition of
citizens of Leavenworth, Kansas, praying the
donation of a strip of land one hundred feet in
width along the southern boundary of the mil-
itary reservation of Fort Leavenworth for a
public road ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an
increase of the duty on imported wool; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Ho also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of a new treaty
between the United States Government and
the Stoekbridge Indians, residing in that State,
•which shall provide for the removal of those
Indians to a more genial climate and fertile
soil; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
William II. Maies, late acting volunteer lieu-
tenant United States Navy, praying to be as-
signed to duty in the Navy ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 840)
for the relief of the sureties of James T. Pol-
lock, late receiver at Crawfordsville, Indiana,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 150] for the relief of
George B. Simpson, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which
■was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 700) for the
relief of James C. Cook, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 131) authorizing the
Secretary of War to convey certain lots in Har-
per's Ferry, West Virginia, reported it without
amendment, and asked that it be put on its
passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I prefer that that should
lie over. There is some difficulty, I think,
about the title, whether the United States have
any authority to dispose of it. I would rather
it should lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered the
day it is reported.
Sir. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 204) to provide
for an annual inspection into Indian affairs,
and for other purposes, reported them, with a
recommendation that the Senate do not agree
to the amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bill and joint reso-
lution, reported them with amendments:
A bill (H. R. No. 588) to provide for the
relief of Richard Cheney; and
A joint resolution(H. It. No. 89) to provide
for the payment of the claim of Martha A.
Estill, administratrix of the estate of James
M. Estill, deceased.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, to whom were
referred the following bills, reported them with
amendments:
A bill (S. No. 371) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Hall and Market Company of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. ICo) to provide in certain
cases for the removal of alcohol from bonded
warehouse free from internal tax, reported it
without amendment.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
578) to extend the provisions of an act entitled
" An act for the final adjustment of private
land claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, and for other purposes;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
579) to amend the post office laws; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
resolution (S. It. No. 1G6) providing for the
payment of the Tennessee home guards, organ-
ized under theauthority of Major General Burn-
side ; which was road twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
DISTRIBUTION 01' DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LiWB submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Reiolved, That all documents ordered by tlio pres-
ent Congros3 to be published, and which ore actually
printed prior to the first Monday of December next,
shall be allotted as heretofore to the members ot the
present Congress, and trausmitted to their residences
as fast as printed, unless otherwise ordered by the
members themselves.
COMPENSATION OF CIVIL EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Senate meet on Monday, the
11th instant, at seven o'clock p. in., tor the purpose
of considering House joint resolution IMo. k!21, pro-
viding extia compensation for civil employes at
Washington.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieusox, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (IT. R.
No. 27G) directing the Secretary of War to
furnish certain muster-rolls to the different
States, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
QUARTERMASTER SERGEANT OF ENGINEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the hill (H. R. No. 1127) to
fix the pay of the quartermastas^sergeant of the
battalion of Engineers, to report it back and
recommend its passage. I hope it will be
acted on at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that hereafter the pay and allow-
ances of the quartermaster sergeant of the
battalion of Engineers of the Army of the Uni-
ted States shall be the same as those allowed
by law to the sergeant major of that battalion.
The bill was reported to the Senate and
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
liave any objection to this bill, but I certainly
do not understand it. I suppose it is one of
those leveling up bills by which salaries are
constantly raised. Somebody connected with
the Army has had his salary increased, be-
cause he was supposed to be a particularly
faithful officer, and then comes in a bill that
somebody else shall have the same pay that
he is receiving. I only call the attention of
the Senate to it as an illustration of the way
in which salaries are frequently increased.
Some deserving person who is a favorite with
Congress is suggested and a bill is introduced
increasing his pay, and it is passed out of per-
sonal regard. 'Then at the next session a bill
comes in to equalize somebody with him.
Mr. WILSON. This is a simple proposition
which comes from the House of Representa-
tives to increase the pay of this quartermaster
sergeant of the Engineer corps, who has large
responsibilities, to the amount received by
another officer of less responsibilities. It is a
small matter at any rate, but I hope the Sen-
ate will pass the bill promptly. Although it
is leveling up pay I think it is hardly equal
to the leveling up proposition we had yester-
day from the committee of which the honor-
able Senator from Illinois is chairman, which
was to raise the salary of a judge of the United
States in the little State of Delaware, who has
little or nothing to do, from $2,000 up to
$4,000, because the salary of some other judges
ought to be raised. This judge had time to
issue a habeas corpus to take the murderers of
Union soldiers of Maine out of Fort Delaware.
This is the case of an officer with large respon-
sibilities. This bill came from the Military
Committee of the Housfe of Representatives,
and it is to correct a mistake made in the
Army bill of last year.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I did
not hear all the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts in reference to the State of Del-
aware and the judge of the United States dis-
trict court there ; but 1 heard this expression
fall from his lips : "the little petty judge in the
little State ofDelaware." Mr. President, from
my infancy I have known this " little petty
judge" in the State of Delaware ; lie had the
confidence of my father and I bear his name ;
and I take occasion here to say, not only in
reference to the allusion now made to that
venerable man, but in reference to the flood-
tide of abuse which has been hurled against
him by the Radical press of the North, that
there is no man within the limits of the United
Slates of America who throughout life lias
maintained a more honorable fame than V\ iilard
Hall, of the State of Delaware, district judge
of the United States. Appointed to that posi-
tion by President Monroe before the Senator
from Massachusetts was old enough to mingle
in the counsels of men, he has lived until the
frosts of age have whitened his head without
stain and without reproach a->iong his fellow-
men. A Christian, if there be one within the
limits of this entire country, who givesto char-
itable and religious objects every year he lives
more than the amount of his salary, devoted
heart and soul to every good word and work
for the improvement of his fellow-men. how
when the grave is opening before him, he is
assailed throughout the length and breadth of
the United States because in fidelity to his oath
of office and to the high trust committed to
