1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
from the shore to the island. They gradually
improved the water-power, built up mills and
machinery, and a flourishing town was estab-
lished there. They propose this arrangement
with the Government: that it shall not pay
them one cent for the improvements they have
made, but that it shall expend $100,000 in fur-
ther improving the dam, dredging it out above
so as to largely increase the volume of water
and augment the fall. The arrangement, in
my opinion, is an excellent one for the Gov-
ernment. No money is to be paid to the Mo-
line Water-Power Company. It will undoubt-
edly be mutually beneficial, but particularly
so to the Government. There is an almost
exhaustless supply of water when the dam is
properly constructed and proper dredging done
above. I hope the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. One single remark in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.] Instead of getting a small interest
the Government keeps three fourths of the
water-power. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted upon its adherence to the
forty-fourth amendment to the bill of the House
No. 896, making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1868, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, had agreed to the further confer-
ence asked for by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Messrs. Edmunds, Conness, and
Buckai.ew conferees on the part of the Senate.
district jail.
Mr. MAYNARD. A few days ago the
House instructed the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia to inquire into the proceed-
ings of the Secretary of the Interior in refer-
ence to building a now jail ordered by an act
of the last session. The committee proceeded
in the discharge of their duty until they be-
came satisfied of two things : first; that the
contemplated plan was an injudicious one ;
and second, that the contemplated site was
neither desirable nor economical. They con-
ferred with the Quartermaster General, for-
merly superintendent in charge of the Capitol
extension, and also with Mr. Mullet, the archi-
tect of the Treasury building, and satisfied
themselves on both these points. It is under-
stood that the proposals as they are published
are to be acted upon on Monday, next week.
The committee thought it desirable that the
House should act upon a proposition that was
attempted to be introduced into the deficiency
bill, but which was ruled out of order. We
now ask leave to present that proposition in
the form of a joint resolution.
_ No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time. It is
as follows:
He it resolved ly the Senate and Mouse of Represent-
atives, <t-c„ That no money shall be paid out of the
Ireasury toward the construction of the new jail for
the District of Columbia under the act of July 25,
1866, unless the letting of the contract for the build-
ing of said jail shall be suspended and delayed until
perfected plans for the entire work shall have been
completed and approved by a board of three, com-
posed of disinterested and competent engineers and
architects, of which Quartermaster Qeneral M. C.
Meigs and A. B. Mullet, architect of the Treasury
building, shall bo two, nor unless the letting of said
contract shall be made by a fair and equal competi-
tion on reasonable notice printed in two leading
newspapers printed and published in the oity of
Waahington after the approval of said new and per-
fected plan, and that the Secretary of the Interior be
also authorized and directed to select a new site for
such jail under said act.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not rise
for the purpose of interposing any objection
to the resolution. I believe it is entirely right
and proper; but when the gentleman submit-
ted this same proposition by way of amend-
ment to the miscellaneous appropriation bill
I offered an amendment to it providing that a
tax should be levied on the taxable property
in the District of Columbia to defray the
expenses of building that jail. I desire now
to submit the same amendment to this resolu-
tion. I know no reason why we should build
a jail for this District at our own expense.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I cannot yield for that
amendment. The whole subject is disposed
of in the act of last session, which provides
how much money is to come from the District
of Columbia. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
young men's christian association.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee for the District
of Columbia a bill to incorporate the joint
stock company of the Young Men's Christian
Association of the city of Washington, with
an amendment in the form of a substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KOONTZ moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wisconsin.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar be discharged from the further con-
sideration of joint resolution (S. R. No. 102)
construing and giving effect to the joint reso-
lution entitled "A resolution for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin," approved July 1, 1861,
and that the resolution be put on its passage
at this time. It is simply a resolution constru-
ing a law heretofore enacted. It has passed
the Senate aud has been reported favorably by
the Committee of Claims in this House. 1 am
authorized to state that the gentleman who
made the objection by which the resolution was
sent to the Committee of the Whole desires
now that it may come up for consideration.
Mr. COOPER. 1 object.
Mr. SLOAN. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended in order to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consider-
ation of the joint resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Before the question
is taken on that motion I ask that the resolu-
tion be read.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to enact that the resolution entitled "A reso-
lution for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,"
i dated July 1, 1864, shall be so construed as
to entitle the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal
Company to reimbursement, out of the canal
fund therein mentioned, for the amounts which
, are proved to have been paid out by it for
; interest in carrying on the work mentioned in
said former resolution, in the same manner as
1 for other suras by it expended; also for the
amount which is proved to have been expended
by it in necessary repairs and management of
i the canal after the date of said resolution, but
before the date of the settlement made there-
under. But the company is not to receive
more than the amount of the residue of the
trust fund arising from the sale of the canal
lands charged against the State in the settle
ment and not heretofore paid over to the com-
pany ; and the Secretary of the Department of
the Interior is to complete the settlement by
making the further allowances to the company
up to the amount of the residue of said canal
lands fund ; the money to be paid to the com-
pany out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to; there being—ayes forty-four, noes
not counted.
land-grant railroad in california.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill (R. R. No. 865) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the city
of Stockton to the town of Copperopolis, in the
State of California, be taken from the Speak-
er's table and put upon its passage.
Mr. HILL. I must object to taking up the
bill out of its order.
order of business.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on
i the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
' james m. bisiiop.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
910) entitled "An act for the relief of James
M. Bishop, who claims $236."
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Amend rfhe title by striking out the words, "who
claims $1236."
The amendment was concurred in.
payment foll subsistence supplies, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the joint resolution
(H. It. No. 226) extending the provisions of
section two of an act entitled "An act to ex-
tend the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermasters' stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States," approved July 4, 1864.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate, in amending
this bill, which is one reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, has not, I think,
quite understood the point of the case. I be-
lieve that in a committee of conference the
matter could be satisfactorily explained. I
hope, therefore, we shall non-concur in the
amendments, and ask the appointment of a
committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend
the provisions of section two of the act named
in the title, to cover all cases where quarter-
- masters' stores were actually furnished to the
forces under the command of Major General
Lewis Wallace, and duly receipted for by per-
sons acting under his authority during the Mor-
gan raid through the States of Indiana and
Ohio, in the summer of 1863 ; and for the pur-
pose of giving such receipts for property so
applied such persons are to be held to be
proper officers of the Government.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
On page 1, in line six, strike out the words " per-
sons acting under his authority" and insert in lieu
thereof the words " the acting quartermasters of his
command."
On page 1, in line ten, strike out "persons" and
insert" acting quartermasters."'
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, at the time
of Morgan's raid through Ohio and Indiana
the Government troops under the command
of General Wallace were necessarily obliged
to obtain subsistence from the farmers and
others in that section of the country. There
is a general law providing that the quarter-
master's department may settle for property
taken for the subsistence of the Army and re-
ceipted for by the proper officers. In this case
there were no properly authorized officers to
give such receipts, General Wallace being
obliged to employ in the service whomsoever he
could get. In the bill as passed by the Hou^e
