322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
man frojn Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is bet-
ter entitled to speak for the commercial inter-
ests of the country than a Representative from
the great city of New York. Now, while I am
in favor of the most extended facilities for com-
merce, I certainly think that to meet those in-,
terests properly and justly, and to carry out
properly the dignity of this body, it* should be
referred to and acted upon by a committee. If
the commercial interests of the country demand
the passage of this joint resolution, that demand
■will come witih more force from a committee of
this body than it wilL by any immediate and
unconsidered action asked for by any individ-
ual member of this body.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my motion to
refer, and trust that this joint resolution will
be acted upon now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
believe this House is prepared to pass this
joint resolution without any further hearing or
debate. I desire to call the attention of mem-
bers to what this joint resolution is, which they
seem to be in such hot haste to pass without
reference to any committee. It is for the as-
sistance of certain persons. What persons?
The Secretary of the Navy is to be authorized
and requested to furnish such aid and facilities
to citizens of the United States who are under-
taking an exploration and survey of the Isth-
mus of Darien for the purpose of discovering a
favorable line for a ship-canal to connect the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans which he may be
able to furnish without prejudice to the naval
service, and without additional expense to the
Government, of the United States.
Now I desire to know upon what ground we
are asked to legislate in this way. Why-should
we call upon the Navy Department op any
other Department to give these special privi-
leges to these private individuals ? Sir, I am
opposed to this proposition ; at least I am op-
posed to its being put upon its passage at the
present lime. I want to know something more
about it; I want to know who these individ-
uals are, and all about the matters involved in
the consideration of this question. I do not
see why there should be objection to having
this bill take the usual reference, so that the
appropriate committee may report all the facts
in regard to this canal. It is, in my judgment,
a mere matter of speculation.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to ask the gentleman who has charge of
this bill what is the character of the aid which
the resolution proposes to give—whether the
resolution contemplates an appropriation of
money for the purpose of assisting these private
individuals. The proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois who has just taken his seat ap-
pears to me a very proper one. In the absence
of full information on this subject it is nothing
more than reasonable that the bill should take
the accustomed course and be referred to the
appropriate committee.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. In answer to my colleague
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] I will say
that I am not advised as to who has charge of
this bill, or whether anybody has charge of it.
All the information I have on the subject I
derive from the debate in the Senate, which I
suppose most of the members have read.
It is alleged that there has been discovered
a new route over the isthmus far preferable to
any heretofore known, and which it is claimed
will be of more advantage to this country and
the world than all our Navy put together. Ten
gentlemen have associated themselves together
and have contributed $1,000 each to pay an
engineering party to go down and explore this
route. They ask that the Secretary of the
Navy, who has Government vessels lying about
the isthmus doing nothing, may be authorized
to detail one of those ships to carry this party
of engineers„-up the river, until they start out
upon the overland route. The matter is to be
left to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy. He felt inclined, without any special
authority of Congress, to grant the use of a
vessel for this purpose; but upon consideration
it was thought best to ask the passage of this
resolution. That is all there is in this propo-
sition, as I understand it. I can assure the
gentleman from Illinois, from the best knowl-
edge I have, that this is no private speculation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the organi-
zation of Congress contemplates the investiga-
tion of all questions of legislation by both
Houses. The Senate have doubtless acted
upon what they thought was a sufficient reason
for their action. It is our business to investi-
gate the matter and decide for ourselves. We
have all of us seen too much of hasty legisla-
tion, put through upon first impressions, es-
pecially while the war was in progress, when
hasty legislation was oftentimes very impera-
tive. There is no such imperative necessity
now. Without having &ny opinion whether or
not this is a just measure, one which ought to
be passed, I do think it most manifest that we
ought to refer the proposition to one of the
standing committees for examination. If, as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] seems to suppbse, the bill is one proper
to be passed, its reference to a committee will
delay its passage for only a few days at far-
thest. Although I have no particular prefer-
ence as to the committee to which the bill
should be referred, I will move its reference,
at the suggestion of gentlemen around me, to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
the reference of the bill, if that course shall
accord with the wishes of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the motion of Mr. Mayxard was
agreed to, and the joint resolution was referred.
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles clark.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 146) for the re-
lief of Charles Clark, marshal of the United
States for the district of Maine; which was
read a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Blaine, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
wisconsin.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 102) construing
and giving effect to the joint resolution entitled
"A resolution for the relief of the State of Wis-
consin," approved July 1,1864; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The motion of Mr. Washbtone, of Illinois,
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table. /
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT FOR SLAVES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
■was Senate bill No. 459, suspending the pay-
ment of moneys from the Treasury as compen-
sation to persons claiming the service or labor
of colored volunteers or drafted men, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, declares that the
final report of the commissioners provided for
in the second section of the act of Congress
entitled "An act making appropriation for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes," approved July 28, 1866, shall be
made, through the Secretary of War, to Con-
gress ; and no money shall be paid from the
Treasury, or from any fund therein, upon the
same, or otherwise, to any claimant "under the
provisions of section twenty-four of the act
approved February 24, 1864, entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,"' approved March 3, 1863,
until such report shall be approved and con-
firmed by Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire that the bill shall
be put on its passage. I will merely say that
at the last session of Congress an amount was
appropriated to pay the owners of certain slaves
who had entered the service of the United States.
The terms of the act are, that loyal owners shall
receive compensation not exceeding $300; and
it is made the duty of the Secretary of War to
appoint a commissioner for each of the slave
States then" represented in Congress to pass
upon these claims. The commissioner has been
appointed and is now at work. I am informed
by numerous letters I have received from the
State of Missouri that the very worst rebels in
that State are proving themselves loyal men for
the purpose of getting the $300 allowed to them.
I suppose it is the same in other States. To
give Congress an opportunity to look into this
matter the Senate have passed this bill, suspend-
ing payment until the report of the commis-
sioner has been received and passed upon. That
is the whole of the case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
nearly the same proposition I submitted at the
last session on one of the appropriation bills ;
and I think it ought to pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to inquire
whether this bill if passed precludes the pay-
ment of any such persons as Congress here-
after may on investigation agree ought to be
paid, or merely suspend payment until we can
have an opportunity to examine the report ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This merely suspends
payment of any one until Congress has an
opportunity to examine the report of the com-
missioners sent out to investigate these claims.
Mr. RITTER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 26, not voting
58 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R.Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Beam an, Beniamin,BidwelI,Bingham, Blaine,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader
W.Clarke, Cobb,Cook,Cullom,Culver,Darling, Davis,
Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donneiiy,
Driggs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Farcmhar, Ferry, Oar-
field, Grinnell, Aimer C. Harding, Hart, Hayes. Hen-
derson. Higby, Hill.Ilogan, Holmes, Hooper,Chester
D. Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, .Tenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley. Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvm,
Maynard, McClurg, MeKee, McRuer, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers,Orth, Fame,
Patterson, Perbam, Plants, Price, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice. John H. Riee.Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Nelson.
Taylor, Thayer, John L.Thomas, Trowbridge. Upson,
Van Aernam, Hamilton Ward, "Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne. Wclker, Wentworth, Williams, .Tames
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ler, Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Fincli, Glossbrennor,
Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Humphrey, Lcft-
wich, McCullough, Niblack, Nicholson, IN oell, Phelps,
Samuel J. Randall. Rittor, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber,
Trimble. Andrew H. Ward, and Whaley—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Barker, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Dawes, Dcnison, Dumont, Egaleston, Eliot, Good-
year, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Ilotch kiss, AsahelW,
Hubbard, Demas llubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. nul-
burd, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Koontz. Laflin,
Latham. LeBlond,Marshall,Melndoe,Morris.New-
ell, O'Neill, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond,
Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sitgrcavos,
