1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
senden, Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuyscn, Harris, Hen-
derson, Heudripks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill, JS esmith, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—30,
NAYS-Messrs. Grimes, McDougall, Sherman,
Wade, Wilson, and Yates—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cranio, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fowler, Guthrie, Kirkwood, Lane, Nor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury,
and Trumbull—16.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized to direct a geological and
topographical exploration of the territory between
the Rooky mountains and tlie SierraNevada mount-
ains, including the route or routes of tho Pacific
railroad: Provided the same can be done without
additional appropriation,
Mr, CONNESS. I desire to substitute in
place, of the words " without additional appro-
priation" the words "out of existing appro-
priations." It is a mere clerical correction.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted, That tho salary of tho
Chief Clerk of the Senate shall be $4,000, and that of
the Scrgeant-at-Arms $3,500 per annum; and that
the sum necessary to pay the increased compensation
herein provided Jor for the current and ensuing fiscal
year be, and tho same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money m tho Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after " $3,500" in the
fifth line the following:
And that of tho assistant doorkeepor shall be
$2,500: Provided, That section eighteen of an act
allowing twenty per cent, on the pay of the officers
and cmploye-s of the Senate shall not apply to tho
salaries hereby lixed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
iu.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole that were excepted.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move an amend-
ment by direction of the Judiciary Committee.
It is to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That flora and after the
30th day of Juno next tbo annual salary of each of
the judges of the Court of Claims shall bo $5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. The judges of the
Court of Claims now get precisely the same
that tho district judges in this District get,
with the exception of the chief justice. He
gets $4,500, and the other judges get §4,000.
They were increased last year to that amount,
and it was perfectly satisfactory to them. I
think the salaries now allowed to the judges of
the Court of Claims ought not to exceed the
salaries allowed to the district judges and the
United States district judges throughout the
country. They do not render any more ser-
vices ; they do not sit all the year; whereas
the district judges are here continually all the
year round. I think there is no reason why
this increase should be given to the Court of
Claims,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated last evening
why the committee moved this amendment, and
should not now repeat it but that there are
several Senators present who were not here
last evening.
The Court of Claims is now a very import-
ant court as connected with the Government.
It is required to hold its sessions here at the seat
ofGovernment.^ The judgesof that court neces-
sarily have to live here. They are here, have
to be here most of the year; and I really know
no reason why their salaries should not be as
great as those of the justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States. I think they ought
to be. The justices of the Supreme Court have
$6,000, and the Chief Justice $0,500—little
enough, in my judgment. Now wc are paying
the judges of the Court of Claims but $4,000.
Tiiey are required to reside here: it is an im-
portant tribunal; Congress is at every session
devolving additional duties upon it. I believe
that it is a court which saves to the Govern-
ment of the United States annually very large
sums of money by the investigation of claims
against the Government, subjecting them to a
critical examination, where we have attorneys
employed to see that they are just and are
proved before they are allowed. In my judg-
ment, no gentleman fit to bo a judge of the
Court of Claims can live in Washington upon,
$4,000 a year. I think the salary fixed by the
committee is little enough, and I hope that the
Senate will agree to it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am satisfied
that if we increase the salaries of these judges,
we shall have to raise the salaries of the judges
of the courts of this District. At the last ses-
sion of Congress we deliberately fixed the sal-
, aries of the judges of the supreme court of the
District. The judges of that court arc just as
much engaged in their business as the Court
of Claims ; they sit all the year round with
scarcely any vacation. They are satisfied now
probably with the amount that we gave them,
but who does not know that if we give this
additional salary to the judges of the Court of
Claims we shall have to make the judges of
tlio district court even with them, and we can
give no reason why it should not be done.
Let us make them all alike.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the Senator from
Ohio aware that the chief justice of the Dis-
trict already has had his salary fixed at §4,500,
§500 more than the chief justice of the Court
of Claims ?
Mr. WADE. Very well. You propose to
give the chief justice of the Court of Claims
$5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he has less now.
Mr. WADE. I propose to give him just the
same as the other. I have no objection to that.
Can you give any reason why they should not
be precisely tho same? If you do not do it
you give general dissatisfaction, and they will
be after you to make it even, and you cannot
hell) yourself; you will have to make it so.
Your sense of justice will compel you to do it.
Let us put it the same as the others, and then
it will stay where it is. If we do not it will
not lay still until the next session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio before he takes his seat,
if. in his opinion, it is not just to give that
salary to the judges of the District, and also to
tho judges of the Court of Claims?
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I am never in favor
of very high salaries. 1 think the District
judges are contented with their present salary.
1 think it is enough. I do not think tho Gov-
ernment should give any more than will satisfy
the incumbents of these offices. They make
no complaint; butwe know how human nature
works. They will think it is an impeachment
of their dignity and standing if a court right by
the side of them receives a higher salary than
tliey do, and they will not be satisfied with it,
and they ought not to be. Therefore I say let
us give this court the same, graduate it in tho
same way, and I am content with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that the
reasoning of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois is sound. These judges of course have
an important court and do important business;
all courts have important business; but is it
of any more importance than the business that
is done by other judges? Wherever a judge
may be ho can but do his duty and give his
time to the Government. So far as the duties
of these judges are concerned they are not so
very hard in point of fact as those of the dis-
trict judges ; because, as I stated, the district
judges must be in session all the year round to
attend to their duties, whereas everybody knows
that the judges of the Court of Claims take a
recess in the summer, do not sit here during
the hot weather : and I see no reason, there-
fore, because they have claims against the Unir
ted Stales before them, why they should receive
more than those who try causes in courts and
give all their time to it.
I do not think they should receive the same
as the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States. The judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States occupy the highest
bench in the land, and there ought to be a dis-
tinction between them and other courts. More-
over, there ought to b§.a distinction for another
reason. They are obliged not only to come
here and live in lodgings during the session of
the court, for several months, but when they
go home they are obliged to travel all over
their respective circuits and work incessantly
there, with hardly any time whatever for recrea-
tion. To say that there should be no distinct-
ion between them and the judges of the Court
of Claims is to my mind rather—well, I do
not know exactly what word to use, but it is
rather strong, i cannot agree to it at all.
If wo last year placed the salary of tho judges
of the district court, who must reside here and
do reside here, on a foundation which was sat-
isfactory to them, and of which they make no
complaint, I think it is fairly inferable that it
is fixed about right; and the judges of the
Court of Claims have the same amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; all except
the chief justice. The chief justice gets $4,500
and tho rest $4,000.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the salary of the '
chief justice of the District of Columbia?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Forty-five hundred dol-
lars, and the other judges get $4,000, and the
judges of tho Court of Claims all get $4,000.
I have not understood that there is a question
of precedence at the Presidential Mansion or
at court anywhere between the chief justice of
the Court of Claims and the chief justice of
the District of Columbia. If there is, perhaps
we had better settle that somehow or other.
We must give one $1,500 because the other
has it, if that is any reason ; but does not the
same logic apply to other officers? There are
no men in this city who work more hours or
harder or have more important business before
them than the heads of the several bureaus,
and they only get $3,500; someofthem $3,000
only to this day. The same remark is true of
the Comptrollers and the Auditors. The First
Auditor gets but $3,000, and he lias accounts
for hundreds of millions passing through his
hands. He must work all tho time. Why
should we not put them up to $5,000 in the
same way? They hold office but a short time
and must live in the city while they hold it;
the office is not a permanent one. The gen-
eral idea is in fixing the salaries of men ap-
pointed for life, not to fix them so high as you
do the salaries of those who hold only for a
short period and must be at greater expense.
There is no force, as it strikes me, in the
argument of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, and I cannot understand why this matter
is urged unless you are going into a general
increase of salaries. I think we have gone far
enough. The fact is, it seems to me, we are
rather in advance of the men themselves in a
great many instances; we get disturbed and
distressed because officers do not receive more
when the officers themselves make no com-
plaints about it, and if one man is put up we
are looking out for somebody else who does
not complain to see that his dignity is not
injured. I think that-is not the way to deal
with the public money. I think there must be
some end to this thing, and I hope the Senate
will not adopt this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am by no means certain
that the judges of the district court here are
satisfied with the amounts which they receive.
I have some reason to believe they are not
satisfied. However that may be, the question
before the Senate is, whether the sum proposed
by the Judiciary Committee is too high to pay
the judges of the Court of ClaimsNo one
who is acquainted with the cost of living in
the city of Washington can doubt for a moment
