1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
Spain, and O'Reilly, the Spanish Governorsent
out to take possession, reduced the property of
D'Autrive, in 1769, to twenty arpents front.
This was an act of simple spoliation, and on
March 12, 1772, Don Louis Audry, surveyor
general of the Province of Louisiana, acting
under the authority of Don Luis de Unzaga,
Spanish Governor of the said Province, made
a survey of a portion of said tract comprised
in the aforesaid- grant to Duvernay, having
forty-four arpents front on the right bank of
the Mississippi, with the side lines opening and
extending to the Atchafalaya, as represented
and described in the plat and process verbal
of said survey, (on file and marked B, No. 21,)
and on the 12th July, 1772, the said Unzaga,
Governor of said Province, did approve the
said survey conformably to the plan and pro-
cess verbal of said survey made by said Audry,
with the depth to the Atchafalaya, as shown
by the letter of said Unzaga attached to said
survey, and marked B, No. 22.
This was a recognition and confirmation of
the title of D'Autrive, who was then a resi-
dent of the Province of Louisiana, or it was a
grant anew of the same by the said Governor,
having full power to grant the same.
A portion of said tract fronting on the Mis-
sissippi to the depth of forty arpents, and no
more, was disposed of to the Spanish Govern-
ment or otherwise by the heijrs after the death
of D'Autrive.
This grant is protected by the treaty made
between the United States and the French
republic April 30, 1803, and by the laws of
nations, unless it can be proven to have been
lost in some legitimate manner.
After the death of D'Autrive, his widow con-
tinued to reside on said land. In the year
1779 she was married to Jean Baptiste Deg-
ney. Galvez, the Spanish Governor of Louisi-
ana, wishing to introduce Spanish families from
the Canary islands as colonists into Louisiana,
and to provide them with a home, as they were
destitute of means, made several contracts with
various individuals for the construction of small
houses, to be given to said colonists : and among
others he made such a contract with Degney.
Degney undertook to build a number of cabins
on the Bayou Goula grant, and to give up for
the use of the said settlers the front of said
land, with forty arpents in depth. The Gov-
ernor having afterward altered his intentions,
and having assigned different locations to the
Spanish families, gave the land on which the
cabins had been constructed to Acadian emi-
grants, and thus it happened that the front of
said forty-four arpents was granted over again
to the Acadians, though only with a depth of
forty arpents. Afterward Degney and his wife
and children removed to Attakapus, where they
had other property, and this was neglected.
The children of Bernard Dauterior, in con-
sequence of the neglect of their step-father to
assert their rights, and of their tender age when
their father died, andof the absence of recorded
evidence substantiating their titles, were igno-
rant of their rights, and long unsuccessful in
obtaining sufficient proof thereof. However,
in 1821 they employed Edward Livingston as
their counsel to advocate their rights in the
courts of justice of the State of Louisiana and
before Congress. Mr. Livingston was soon
afterward elected a member of Congress, and
does not appear to have given any further
attention to the case.
In obedience to an act of Congress approved
February 6, 1835, entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of claims to lands in the State of
Louisiana," the heirs filed with the register
and receiver of the land office of the southeast
district of Louisiana, in the year 1836, a notice
and statement of their claim and evidence in
support thereof, to be reported on to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and Congress, as pro-
vided by said act; and on the 22d November,
1837, the said register and receiver made a
report recommending said claim for confirma-
tion, but Congress did not act upon that report
and claim.
In 1846 this claim was brought before the
United States district court for the eastern dis-
trict of Louisiana under an act of Congress
passed in 1844 for the adjustment of land claims
in Louisiana. This act provided for the hear-
ing of such claims in the district courts of the
United States and their confirmation by decree
of the court, subject to appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. This claim was
presented to the United States district court
under this law, and after a regular trial had,
fully contested on both sides, and upon the
legal evidence in the cause the court found it
to be a valid claim and made a decree of con-
firmation. The' decree itself made by Judge
McCaleb, found specifically all the facts of the
case, and they will be found on pages 2 and 3
of a report made to the Thirty-Sixth Congress
in the same case from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court by the United States. In
that court (15 Howard, 14) the case was dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction, and solely upon
that ground, because under the act of Con-
gress the district court was only authorized to
act upon and adjudicate upon incomplete titles
whereas the claimants had showif if anything
a complete title, and Judges Curtis, McLean,
Wayne, and Campbell expressly said that the
petition should be dismissed for want of juris-
diction without prejudice to any legal title of
the petitioners, and that no opinion should be
expressed by that court upon any question of
fact or law arising upon the evidence. (See
15 Howard, page 30.)
There have thus been two official investiga-
tions of this claim by officers of the United
States under acts of Congress for the adjust-
ment of land claims in Louisiana. In each of
these investigations the facts found upon legal
evidence established the validity and regularity
of the original French grant, and its subse-
quent recognition and approval by the Span-
ish Government.
This claim has passed the Senate once and
failed in the House for want of time. It passed
the House in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and
failed in the Senate for want of time. It passed
the House in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and
is stated to have been lost in the Senate by an
attempt to ingraft upon the bill a proviso that
the lands to be given in lieu of those appropri-
ated by the Government should be in the State
of Louisiana, which the claimants were unwill-
ing to accept, because all the lands in Louisi-
ana that were of any value had already been
disposed of by the Government. Upon a thor-
ough examination of the grounds upon which
this claim rests, the committee are satisfied
that it is a just and honest claim. The lands
which belonged to John E. Bouligny have
been sold by the United States; and this bill
proposes to indemnify his widow and minor
children by authorizing them to locate upon
the public domain a like quantity of land.
John E. Bouligny will be well remembered
by many members of this House as a Repre-
sentative in this House from the State of Louisi-
ana at the time of the breaking out of the late
rebellion. He was the only Representative
from the State of Louisiana who, at the critical
juncture in which his colleagues abandoned
their allegiance and retired from this Hall, ad-
hered immovably to his duty, remained in his
place here and stood by his country and its flag,
resolved to share its destiny and to survive or
perish with its fortunes. The bill before the
House proposes to extend to his wife and chil-
dren an act of exact though tardy justice. I
hope it will receive the unanimous support of
the House.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. THAYER gaoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EIGHTS OF MARRIED WOMEN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 492. to protect the rights
of married women, and for other purposes, in
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
RELIEF OF DESTITUTE COLORED PEOPLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) for
the temporary relief of the destitute colored
;! population of the District of Columbia; which
; was read a first and second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a matter which
has been under the consideration of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia ; and while
there is testimony on both sides leaving the
question not entirely free from doubt, yet as in
cases where charity is to be bestowed the safer
rule is to let the objects of charity have the
benefit of the doubt, so that our failings, if
failings we have, may " lean to virtues's side."
The committee a^p in favor of the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to submit to the
House an amendment to this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not yield the floor
, for that purpose till I hear the amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill provides that this
money shall be distributed by the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau. I propose
to add the names of Sayles J. Bowen and Dr.
! E. H. Gray.
11 Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
that amendment, and yield for the purpose of
allowing it to be offered.
; Mr. J ULIAN. I hope, then, the amend-
! ment will be adopted.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the resolution
i! be read.
II The resolution, which was read, provides for
| appropriating $20,000 for the temporary relief
of the destitute colored population of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of
order that this is an appropriation bill, and
must, under the rules, be first considered in
the Committee of the Whole.
I The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation
bill; but the point of order is raised too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. At the time the gentle-
man from Indiana was on the floor I did not
understand that the resolution had been read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] had the right to demand
the reading of the resolution; and as he did
not make or reserve the point of order at that
time he lost his right to make it. It has
been repeatedly decided that this point of
ji order must be made before the House enters
i upon the consideration of a bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee to permit an amend-
ment making the mayor of this city one of
the parties by whom this money is to be dis-
tributed ; and also to strike out the word '' col-
; ored," so as to include in the benefits of this
i appropriation the poor white people as well as
the colored people of the District. I desire
that there shall be no distinction made on
account of race or color.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, that according to the
information we have this relief is needed, not
by the white people of the District, nor by all
the colored people, but by a class of colored
persons who have found their way here since
the emancipation. Hence, we propose that
this relief shall be limited to the class who
actually need it. I cannot, therefore, yield to
permit the gentleman to offer the amendment
which he indicates. I will, however, allow the
gentleman to offer the amendment making the
mayor of the city one of the officers to dis-
tribute this relief. I am willing that the House
shall vote upon that proposition.
Mr. E LDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] propose in this bill
to insist upon a distinction which this House
has heretofore declared should not be recog-
nized in our legislation V Does he mean to
