1867.
1 I CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment to the tariff bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill, if in their judgment
expedient, to repeal immediately so much of the
tari&act of July 1,1861, as is contained in the follow-
ing clause of section five of that act: " Oil lastings,
mohair cloth, silk twist, and othftr manufactures of
cloth, woven or made in patterns of such size, shape,
and form, or cut in such manner as to be fit for shoes,
slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, and patterns exclu-
sively not combined with India-rubber, ten per cent,
ad valorem.1'
Mr. THAYER. Doesthat instruct the com-
mittee? Does it give the committee discretion,
or is it peremptory ?
A Member. It is peremptory.
Mr. THAYER. Then I object.
Mr. ALLEY. It is merely a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. THAYER. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The resolution was adopted.
fraser, trenholm and company.
Mr. DEMING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives, That
the President is hereby requested, if in hisjudgraent
not incompatible with the public interest, to com-
municate to the House all correspondence between
the State Department and Messrs. Adams, min-
ister at the Court of St. James,. Dudley, consul at
Liverpool, Morse, consul at London, Gibbs, Treasury
agent, or with any other persons respecting the com-
promise 'of certain suits instituted in the English
courts in behalf of the United States against Eraser,
Trenholm & Co., alleged agents of the so-called con-
federate government.
sinking fund.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes not bearing interest to
be used in providing a sinking fund for the ex-
tinguishment of tie national debt; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and or-
dered to be printed.
abolition of slavery—again.
Mr. WASHMJRNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
Mr. KASSON. I move to adjourn, in accord-
ance with the understanding I have that the
pending joint resolution will be the unfinished
business of to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. _ I object to the gentjeman's
making any condition with the House. If that
be the legal status of the joint resolution if we
adjourn now, very well.
the SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated if the House now adjourns this will be
the first business to-morrow.
murder of union soldiers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, ana agreed
to:
Resnlved, That the special committee appointed to
investigate the murder of Union men in South Caro-
lina be instructed to inquire into the facts concerning
the murder of Edward M. Knowles, first lieutenant
company K, forty-second Indiana regiment, at Au-
gusta, Georgia, in December, 1864, while a prisoner of
war.
soldiers bounty.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplementary to an act granting
additional bounty to certain enlisted soldiers,
approved July '28, 1866 : which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. KASSON, (at
three o'clock and forty-five miniautes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of George White,
and 90 others, loyal citizens of Blnnteounty, Alabama,
complaining of rebel rule, of being taxed to pay ex-
penses of rebel conventions and Legislatures, and
asking relief. „„
By Mr. ALLEY: The petition of William S. Boyce
Sc Sons, and others, for a repeal of the fifth section of
the tariff act of July 1,1864.
Also, the petition of A.F. Lindse^, and others, cigar
manufacturers, for modification ot the tax law.
Also, for the sameobjeet, the petition of James ii.
Battis, and others. .
Also, the petition of mail route agents, for increase
of pay.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Oliver Gold-
smith, and24others, cigar manufacturers, journeymen
cigar-makers, dealers" in cigars, growers of and deal-
ers in seed-leaf tobacco, of the city of Detroit, prat-
ing that the present tax may bechanged to a spccmc
tax, &c. _ .
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of John Lud-
low,and37 others, citiaensofSpringfield.Clark county,
Ohio, against the passage of any act authorizing the
curtailment of the national currency, or having in
view the return within a limited time to specie pay-
ments. and against the enactment of any law com-
pelling all national banks, wherever located, to
redeem their notes in New York, or prohibiting na-
tional banks from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.   
Also, a petition from P. E. Iler, and 13 others, man-
ufacturers of cigars and journeymen cigar-makers, of
the city of Tiffin, Ohio, against the present system
of taxation on the manufacture of eigars, and in fttvor
of the present tariff on imported cigars. Also asking
an alteration in the present system of stamping by
selling the stamps to the manufacturers at five dol-
lars per thousand, and to increase the penalty for
violating the internal revenue laws, and advocating
a specific tax of five dollars per thousand on all do-
mestic cigars.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of James Arnold,
Lewis D. Wells, S. M. Colemare, and others, writers
and timekeepers, Brooklyn navy-yard, for increased
pay.
By Mr. DELANO : The petition of F. C. Wright,
and 100 others, citizens of Ohio, asking that the tax on
barretsforthereception of fluids berepealed, because
it is a tax on labor.
By Mr. DEMING: The petition of the Hartford
and New Haven Railroad Company, for reduction
of duty on iron used for railroad purposes.
Also, the petition of cigar manufacturers of Hart-
ford county, Connecticut, for a specific duty of five
dollars per thousand on cigars.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of John Lewis. E. F.
Grabill.David Wilson, and 22 others.citizens of Green-
ville, Michigan, praying against the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national cur-
rency and a return within a limited time to specie
payments, and against any law compelling national
banks to redeem ca New York, or prohibiting them
from paying or receiving interest on bank balances.
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of employes in the
Cincinnati post office, for an increase of compensa-
^By Mr. HTTBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of Hawes k Giddings, and others, praying for a
modification of the tax on cigars.
By Mr. HOGAN: The petition of James Filiate,
eighty years of age, soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing for increase of pension.
BvMr. JULIAN: The petition of liO citizens of
Indiana, praying the impeachment of the President
of the United States for high crimes and misdemean-
or?.
Also, the like p etition of 32 citizens of W ayn e county,
Indiana.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 208 citizens,
manufacturers and operatives ot Manayunk, Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to repeal
the internal revenue tax levied on all goods manu-
Also, the petition of 42 eitizens. manufacturers and
operatives of Manayunk, Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to repeal the internal revenue
tax on all goods manufactured.
By Mr. KETCHUil: The petition of S.Higby, and
70 others, citizens of Hudson, New York, asking for
a modification of the tax on cigars.
By Sr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of Mr. Ellis & Brother, proprietors of the Eagle
Iron Works. Washington, District of Columbia, for
an equitable settlement of their claim for iron work
at the United States Treasury building.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of J. B. Brown and
others, for reduction of duty on coal.
Also, the petition of C. II. Stcbbms, and others,
asking a change is tax on cigars. ....
By Mr. MERCLR: The petition of William Mil-
ner, jr., and others, of Danville, Montour county,
Pennsylvania, asking relief for said William Mil-
Mr. HOORHEAD: A petition from 100 citizens
and firms of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, asking tho.t
no further reduction of the currency be authorized,
and against requiring the redemption of national
banks in lork. „ •
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of officers of the Uni-
ted States Army, for continuation of longevity rations
after they shall have been withdrawn from actual
service and placed on the retired list, unless such
withdrawal has been at their own request.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition ot numerous citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of all
laws disqualifying on account of race or color.
Also, evidence mtbc case of Mrs. Mary A. ruler,
mother of Henry G. Dreming, lata of company k.
fifty-fifth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers, ask-
ing for back pay. _ . „ „ „
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of George K. Par-
dee, and 17 others, eitizens of Wadsworth, Medina
county, Ohio, against the contraction of the currency
and the redemption of circulating bank notes m A ew
Also, the petition of Samuel Plumb, snd 91 others,
citizens of Lorain county, Ohio, In relation to the
impeachment of the President.
Also, the petition of W. P. Miehner, and 81 others,
citizens of Lorain county, Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois: The petition
of eitizens of Nora, Jo Daviess eoaaty, Illinois, in
reference to banking and currency.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of citizens of
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a post route between KUierton, in
the said county of Armstrong and Plumville in
Indiana county.
withdrawal of papers.
By Mr. INGER80LL: The memorial and other
papers on file in the case of Robert T. Wiijslew, for
compensation for services in raising a regiment of
infantry, were withdrawn from the files of the House
and recommitted to the Committee oia Military
Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 8, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior and Acting Postmaster
General, transmitting the report of the com-
missioner appointed under the joint resolution
of May 16, 1866, entitled "A joint resolution
relative to the courts and post office of New
York city," to select a proper site for a build-
ing fora post office and for the accommodation
of the United States courts in the eity of New
York; which, on motion of Mr. Ramsey, was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received, and been requested to present
to the Senate, the memorial of Major General
Hooker and a number of officers of the Uni-
ted States Army, praying Congress that when
offieers of the Army who have honestly and
faithfully served their country are placed on
the retired list under existing laws, they may,
in addition to the mere pittance now granted
to them, be allowed to retain their service or
longevity rations, which is one ration per day
for every five years of service. If there be no
objection, this memorial will be received and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. LANE. I am requested by the Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Union, of Washington eity,
to present their memorial praying for an in-
vestigation into the affairs of the Public Print-
ing office. I know nothing of the facta in the
case except as stated in the memorial. These
gentlemen are gentlemen of the highest char-
acter for intelligence, integrity, and patriotism,
and I hope that their memorial will receive
proper consideration. I ask its reference to
the Committee on Printing.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present the memorial
of the Board of Trade of the city of Detroit,
Michigan, protesting against the further grant-
ing of American registers to foreiga-builtships
or vessels of any kind, stating in conclusion:
"Tour committee deem it expedient for this board
to send a remonstrance to Congress against granting
any further concessions to the owners of foreign-built
ships or vessels of any kind or description, and a
recommendation that all articles of American manu-
facture required for the building and equipping of
steam or sailing ships shall be free from excise or
internal revenue taxes."
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
citizens of Louisiana, praying for aid to rebuild
and repair the broken and dilapidated levees
on the banks of the Mississippi and other rivers
in that State ; whieh was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. .
Mr. MORGAN presented two memorials of
consumers of steel, remonstrating against an
increase of thfe duty on imported ste^l 88 pro*
