328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
friends were to be provide 1 for there have
bean instances where officers have been legis-
lated out of existence, and then the office
legislated into existence again with a view to
provide 'foi? dependent partisans; but I think
this is about the first time «&e Congress of the
Ufaited States has Undertaken, in direct terms,
to legislate a class of men out of office that
other men of more satisfactory views tnight be
appointed to th'eir offices. In other words, it
is simply a, Question' of "bread and butter."
The Administration- haS been charged with
giving some little attention to that question.
It cannot now be disguised, aftef the vepy ex-
plicit Statement of my colleague, that Congress
proposes to give attention to the question of
bread and butter.1'
I am not going into toy vindication Of the
President on the question of removals and
appointments. If he intended to maintain the
force of his Administration in the State which
I represent, along with my able colleague, by
placing the offices in the hands of his friends,
he has made but a very limited effort in that
direction. Compared with the entire number
of office-holders in the State, those who have
been appointed by him to maintain his policy
are very few indeed, so far at -least as I know.
Of the pension agents in the S)£ate of Indiana
I know of but one change; so that I do not
know of any abuse of power by the President,
if the President is to have the appointing power
at all, that we are called upon to correct.
I am not sure that the number of agents
ought to be limited, as this bill proposes. I
understand that the agents are Compensated
by a commission, and that it makes but a very
trifling difference to the Treasury whether there
are three or six agents in a State; but it may
make a very great difference so for as the con-
venience of the pensioners is concerned. I
can look over the State .that I represent and
can see, in my judgment, that ther.c ought to be
more than three agencies there. I think my
colleague will agree with me in that. The
northeastern portion of the State should have
an agency at Eort Wayne. There is one there
now I know very well. The central portion
of the State should have an agency at the cap-
ital. The southern portion of the State one at
New Albany. The southwestern portion of
the State one at Bvansville. The northern
portion of the State one at Laporte or some
other convenient point. These are matters of
convenience to the pensioners. But my col-
league has the main responsibility of this
question, he being the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, I would not, with my
judgment of what will tend to the convenience
of the, pensioners themselves, vote to restrict
the number of agencies in the State of Indiana
to three. I think it will prove a matter of
great inconvenience to the pensioners, and
necessarily thro^ them into the hands of pri-
vate agents to whom they will have to pay
money to transact their business. If the pub-
lic agencies are a* remote points they must
transact their business through private agents
or else be at the expense of traveling a dis-
tance. That is not well; it is not ntecessary.
It is not necessary when there is no economy
to the Treasury by decreasing the number of
these agencies. It is not necessary to increase
the inconvenience to the pensioners when there
is no saving to the Treasury. The general
proposition now, because the amount of money
paid out by these agents has increased to so
great an extent, of subjecting them to the con-
firmation of the Senate I agreed to at the last
session when my colleague brought the ques-
tion up. I have no objection to that. I think
it is proper enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill for the admis-
sion of the State of Nebraska into the Union.
Mr. LANE. I move to postpone the unfin-
ished business for the purpose of getting a vote
on this matter. I think it can be disposed of
in a few moments.
Sir. WADE. I believe this subject is going
to lead to a long debate, and I can hardly con-
sent to a postponement of the bill for the ad-
mission Of Nebraska which I haVe been endeav-
oring now for nearly six weeks to urge to a
conclusion. I do not like to interpose an
objection to the bill of the Senator from Indi-
ana, but really it seems to me I ought not to
permit the bill which was under consideration
yesterday to be postponed. I am satisfied this
subject will lead to a debate. I hope we shall
proceed With the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. LANE. If this subject leads to debate
I shall not object to its postponement.
Mr. WADE. If it is not going to lead to
debate, I am very willing to let the special
order lie ovef informally.
Mr, JOHNSON. I do not propose to debate
it, but I suggest to the Senator from Indiana
that he had better let the bill lie on the table
for the present. It seems to me to be very
defective. It would involve the most of the
soldiers to whom pensions are due at times to
very great inconvenience. The present pen-
sion agents, if we pass this bill, go out at a
certain time, must go out, no matter What the
Senate shall do.
Mr. LANE. If Senators wish to look at it
further I shall not object. I withdraw my
motion.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with the require-
ments of the acts of April 21, 1808, and March
8, 1809, statements by the chief of ordnance
showing the orders given and purchases made
bythe ordnance office during the calendaryear
ending December 31, 1866; which, with the
accompanying documents, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing, in compliance with the requirements of
the acts of April 21, 1808, and July 17, 18G2,
the Quartermaster General's statement of the
contracts made by his department from July 1
to December31,1866; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPberson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 459) suspending the pay-
ment of moneys from the Treasury as compen-
sation to persons claiming the service or labor
of colored volunteers or drafted men, and for
other purposes ; and the enrolled joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 154) to provide for the exhibi-
tion of the cereal productions of the United
States at the Paris Exposition in April next;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
suffrage in tiie district—veto.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives, having reconsidered its
action on the bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the
elective franchise in the District of Columbia,
agreeably to the Constitution of the United
States, had passed the bill by a vote of two
thirds of the members of that body, the objec-
tions of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce the
following resolution, which is necessary to per-
fect the legislation of yesterday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Sonata bo
directed to present to the Secretary of State the bill
entitled "An act to regulate the elective franchise in
the District of Columbia," together wi$i the certifi-
cates of the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, showing that the
said act was passed by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress after the same had been returned
to the Senate by the President with his objections,
and after the reconsideration of said act by both
Housesof Congress, in accordance with the Constitu-
tion.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
admission of nebraska.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, whiqh was to strike out all after the
word "color," in line five of the amendment
of Mr. Brown, and in lieu thereof to insert:
Eicepting Indians not taxed; and upon the far-
ther fundamental condition that the Legislature of
said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare the
assent of said State to the said fundamental condi-
tion, and shall transmit to the President of the Uni-
ted States an authentic copy of said act; upon receipt
whereof the President, by'proclamation, shall forth-
with announce the fact, whereupon said fundamental
condition shall be held as a part of the organic law
of the State: and thereupon, and without any fur-
ther proceeding on the part of Congress, the admis-
sion of said State into the Union shall be considered
as complete. Said State Legislature shall be con-
vened by the territorial Governor within thirty days
after the passage of this act, to act upon the condi-
tion submitted herein.
Mr. WADE. This is the same amendment
that was up when the Senate adjourned yester-
day. I hope it will be rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. In the absence of my col-
league I moved that amendment. I believe I
called last evening for the yeas and nays. I am
mistaken; the Senator from Ohio called for
the yeas and nays. I suggest to him to with-
draw the call.
Mr. WADE. I have no desire to have them.
I called for them because I wanted to ascertain
whether there was a quorum present, and I
found there was not.
Mr. SUMNER. By unanimous consent the
call can be withdrawn.
Mr. WADE. If I can have permission to
withdraw the call I will do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks leave to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays. It can only be with-
drawn by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Is there any objection 1 No objection being
made, the call is withdrawn. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say at this stage
that I should prefer to take a vote on that
amendment, if possible, without bringing it in
conflict with any other proposition. I think
it would be better, therefore, that we should
vote, if the Senate is so disposed, on each of
the pending propositions without antagonizing
one with the other; therefore I shall be glad
to have this amendment for the present out of
the way so that we can proceed at once to the
consideration of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, who is not now in his seat.
Mr. WADE. Let it be rejected, then.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have no ob-
jection. '
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have it reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the second section
of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect cxcept
upon the fundamental condition that within the
State of Nebraska there shall be no denial of the
elective franchise, or of any other rights, to any per-
son, by reason of raco or color, and upon the further
condition that this fundamental condition shall be
submitted to the voters of the Territory ot Nebraska
at an election to be held on the first Tuesday of •
next. And at such election said voters shall declare
their assent to or dissent from th e condition aforesaid
in such form as shall be prescribed by the Governor
of said Territory. And all vote* given at such elec-
tion shall be returned to such Governor within —;—
days from thedayof theelection. who shall forthwith
canvass the same. And if a majority of such votes
shall be for this condition, the Governor shall certify
that fact to the President of the United States, who
