1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Congress. Since his death I have never heard
a word fromany man that it was not honestly
done in quality of work, in quality of binding,
and that the accounts were not fairly rendered.
I Iiave never heard the breath of suspicion of
the integrity of this one establishment. It is
the one that is to be stricken down. Why,
sir ? This Globe publication is a credit to the
Government; it is a credit to our people. I
understand that the proceedings of no legis-
lative body in the world are more satisfactorily
published than ours are in the Globe. I admit
some interest because of ray attachment to
Mr. Rives. I knew him when I was quite a
young man, and I admired him for his integ-
rity and for his rare sagacity. I have admired
the work because it is a credit to Congress and
to the country. I should regret to see a per-
sonal matter brought into a question of this
sort.
I think the Government is committed for
two years. We said we would give two years'
notice. We had better live up to it. As wc
would insist that the Globe office should not
discontinue without giving us the two years'
notice, it is common, plain, straightforward
honesty that wo should not except upon giv-
ing the same notice. We had that agreement.
It was so understood. I never doubted that
■we would give that notice. Giving that notice
there is no loss to anybody. If, then, it is the
pleasure of the Senate to give the notice, that
is square and fair and right, too; but to stop
it short of the two years, in my judgment, is
not complying with the contract.
Mr^CONNESS. I have only a few words
to say on this subjcct. I appreciate a great
deal of what has been said by the Senator from
Indiana; but, sir, there are probably two sides
to this question. Kor one T am willing to
investigate it, and then go according to the
burden of facts.
It lian been stated by the Senator that the
expenses of the proprietors of the Globe have
largely increased with the general advance that
has been made in the cost of material and labor
in tho country. That is undoubtedly so ; but
I apprehend it will bo found that they have not
been quite generous enough in considering that
important fact in their relations to those who
do (he actual labor of reporting. Now, sir, [
am disposed before 1 act in the case to ascer-
tain the exact facts upon this point. The men
who sit here and record our proceedings so
faultlessly, and then who sit until not the small
hours of the morning but until tho gray dawn
comes preparing them for print ought to be
remembered when the question of the increase
of expenses is considered. Sir, if wc will not
consider that aspect of tho case I think wo
shall fall short of performing our duty in the
premises.
T am in favor of tho amendment proposed
by tho Senator from Ohio. It does not dis-
charge the Globe, nor interfere with the con-
tract,^ but it does not conclude us in the
premises. If there be a contract and we are
legally and morally bound to execute it, we can,
when we ascertain all the facts in the case,
execute the contract. On the other hand, if
wo find that they are a mammoth establish-
ment grown rich by the favors of the Govern-
ment—I will not impute to them that they have
not performed their part of tho contract at all
and done it well—but if they lake advantage
in their rich position to oppress and impose
upon those who perform the actual labor,
those who bring the real genius and industry
and application to the work, I am in favor of
interfering by any power that is in my posses-
sion for that purpose.
I apprehend, sir, that a thorough investiga-
tion of the case will leave perhaps no quarrel
or cause of difference as between the propri-
etors of the Globe and Congress; but that it
will lead to a measure of justice being done to
the worthy class of whom I have spoken. I
hope the amendment will be adopted, so that
the case shall be acted upon that we may see
that justice is done to all.
Mr, YATES. Mr. President, a remark that
fell from the honorable Senator from Indiana
induces me to say a word. He said that he
could not understand the underground of this
proposition. If I understand the motion, it is
the motion of the honorable Senator from Ohio
to strike out the words "in the Daily Globe"
in regard to the printing for the Fortieth Con-
gress. If these words are stricken out it will
not preclude us hereafter, as has been re-
marked by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, from still having this printing done at
the Globe office.
But, sir, that is not the point on which I
rose to say a few words. For a long time I
have fought the doctrine that the spoils belong
to the victors. I was a Henry Clay "Whig, a
Webster Whig, and I fought with all my might
the doctrine that the spoils belonged to the
victors. I did not believe it was the best doc-
trine for the Government. I believed in the
principle to which the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin referred the other day, that in the
employment of public officers, tho question
should be, Is he honest ? Is he capable ? Is
ho faithful to the Constitution?—the Jeffor-
sonian doctrine. Wo fought this other doc-
trine with a zeal that was worthy of patriots,
as I supposed at the time; but, sir, we failed,
we went down. The glorious and dominant
Democratic party succeeded, and they estab-
lished the doctrine that the spoils belong to
the victors—a doctrine to which we submitted
per force. But, sir, having been conquered
and having yielded, like lambs to the slaughter,
to this doctrine as we did, now, the principle
having been established against our patriotic
wishes, having the power, 1 propose that the
spoils shall belong to the victors. That is my
doctrine now. I am now for carrying out this
great principle that yon have fastened upon
tho country contrary to the Jeffersonian doc-
trine.
Now, sir, while I admit that the Congres-
sional Globe is published well, and I accord all
praise to the publishers, I am here to-day to say
that if the Republican Union party of this country
cannot have a printer and cannot have a man
that is devoted in his very heart and soul and
radically to tho Republican party to do its print-
ing, then they do not act as I believe the honor-
able Senator from Fndiana would act were he
in the ascendant and had the power. Therefore
I am in favor of striking out the proposition that
this printing shall be done by the Congressional
Globe. Under my modern notions of political
parties, I would not give a cent for a party
that would not take care of its own children
and stand by them, and give the crumbs of
patronage to tho men who stand by tho country,
who stood by it in the war, who arc radical in
their notions in favor of human rights and
human liberty.
Sir, we ought to strike this out and give the
printing to a man who is on our side, and about
whom there should be no question. Itwill not
do to say to me that he is neutral, that he is
not political. The President docs not act upon
that principle. The Senator from Indiana does
not act upon that principle with regard to ap-
pointments now. It will not do to say that to
me; but say to me that the printer of the pro-
ceedings of tho Congress of the United States
of America is a Radical Union Republican, that
he has supported the war through all its scenes
and all its trials.
I hope, sir, that the Republican Union mem-
bers of Congress will stand by this proposition.
It is right. It is returning to the Senator from
Indiana and his_friends on the other side of the
Chamber the pill which they administered to
us after so many elections, and through so
many hard fights that we had throughout this
country.
Mr. WADE. I did not suppose when I
moved this amendment that I should cause so
earnest and so long a debate over it, because
really there was nothing conclusive about it.
I wanted to prevent a conclusion being pre-
maturely made. I have been told that the
Government Printer could do this business so
as to save sixty or seventy thousand dollars
Eer year to the Government. I lenew there
ad been some dispute about this Globe, and
I thought we ought not for the Fortieth Con-
gress to conclude ourselves absolutely from
looking into it. I did not expect on this oc-
casion to do anything more than prevent a
final conclusion being, as I thought, without
deliberation and prematurely made. Hence it
was that I offered this amendment, with no
design to repudiate any contract, if we have
any that ought to bind us. That was the
furthest possible thing from my thoughts. I
have not had time since the thought occurred
to me to investigate it so as to pronounce
upon that important subject with authority. I
cannot say but that we are bound to the
Globe so that without giving two years' notice
we cannot stir hand or foot, whether we like it
or not. If we are, I am the very last man
that will flinch from the contract that wo have
honestly made.
But I hardly think, from the superficial
examination that I have given the subject, that
we are so bound. From all that T can see we
are only bound by a series of resolutions passed
from time to time giving, the Globe so much
for doing the printing, and without any such
obligation as has been alluded to. It may be,
however, that on more mature and thorough
examination we shall find that we have done
something to bind us and tie our hands. All
I ask is that these words shall be stricken out,
which will save the. appropriation being fixed
there so that we can hardly get rid of it, and
leaving the appropriation made which may be
carried to a point by a simple resolution any
day, when we shall have investigated far enough
to know what we really wish to do with it.
That is the extent and all there is in the amend-
ment that I propose.
I agree in a great deal that the Senator from
Illinois has just said. If I am here where
expenses are to be incurred, and even if profit-
able jobs are to be given out,.like him I would
prefer to. give them to those who support the
principles that I believed to be right and indis-
pensable for tho administration of this Gov-
ernment rather than to one who holds princi-
ples diametrically opposite to me, and that I
considered to be destructive of tho Govern-
ment. Of course, if favors are to be given,
so far as my voice and my vote can go they
shall be given to those who support the prin-
ciples that I maintain here. Being serious
and honest in those principles, I am equally so
in using all means that honorably can be used
to make them triumphant; and therefore when
agencics are to be employed by tho Govern-
ment—not that I would rob the Treasury to
supporta party; I would notdo any such thing—
but if we are to make expenditures that are to
inure to the advantage of any party, I do not
deny that I prefer that they should go to the
support of the parly to which I belong rather
than to those who hold principles as I believe
not as good as our own.
In saying that, I do not impeach the princi-
ples of any party, nor those who are opposed
to mo; but I feel compelled always to main-
tain by all honorable means those principles
that I believe to be just- Another man has
just as good a right to his opinions, but I
know that the party in opposition to us have
for many years acted upon the same principle,
with which I find no fault.
But to come back to this question: it in-
volves nothing; no apprehensions need be
entertained ; but if an investigation should be
made and a definite proposition presented,
then it will be time enough for gentlemen to
ascertain whether it will be right or wrong. I
only want to save the Government for the pres-
ent ; that is all there is in the proposition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a little difficult to
see upon what ground the friends of this prop-
osition do stand. The Senator from California
[Mr. Consess] wants to provide for the report-
ers of the Senate; the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] wants to provide for some partisan;
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] seems to
want this printing done at the Government
