1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
victor belong the spoils.'' I think it as false a
maxim as ever was incorporated into political
policy. It has been well laid down that in
republican States virtue is the true founda-
tion, and not partisanry, not art, not manage-
ment, not fraud, not the results that may be
culminated by these forces. Upon virtue the
foundations of this Government must rest.
I care not to embark in this particular argu-
ment, but I think the Senator from Illinois is
wrong; I do not care to discuss the matter
with him, because I am afraid that he would
be angrified—if that is a good word—if I should
do it. The philosophy of the discussion can
be better read in Butler's Hudibras, and there
I will leave it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought, Mr. Presi-
dent, at the time this amendment was first
offered, that this matter was open; but I have
since examined with some care the act referred
to by the honorable Senatorfrom Rhode Island,
and the conclusion to which I have come is
that, for two years at any rate we are bound,
impliedly bound, to give this printing to the
Globe.
Mr. HOWARD. Bound in law?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo are impliedly bound.
The enactment is this:
"That the Secretary of tho Senatea,nd tho Clerk of
tho House of Representativcsbo, and they are hereby,
directed to purchase from tho publishers of tho Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, for each Senator,
Representative, and Delogato in tho present and
each euocooding Congress, who has not heretofore
roccivcd the same, one completo set of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix.
" Sua. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be paid to tho publishers of tho Congressional Globo
and Appendix, by tho Secretary of the Sonato and tho
Clerk of the House of Representatives, out of tho
contingent funds of the two Mouses, according to tho
number of oopioa of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix taken by each, one omit for every fl vo pages
exceeding thrco thousand pages for a long session or
liftoen hundred pases for a short sossion, including
the indexes and tho laws of tho UnitcdStatos fortius
and each future Congress."
That is specific ; and then the third section
mrtkes an appropriation for tho Congress at
which tho act was passed. Then tho fourth
section provides:
" Rec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all nets and
parts of acts inconsistent herewith ho, and tho same
aro hereby, repealed: Provided, however. That tho
above provisions aro made upon tho express condi-
tion that they may be abrogated by cither Congress
or tho publishers tif tho Congressional (/lobe and tho
Appendix at any timo after giving two years' notice
for that purposo."
By the first section wo agreed to take a set
of the Congressional Globo and Appendix for
each new member, liy the next section we
agreed to pay tlicm so much for the additional
printing over throe thousand pages at a long
session. Then wo say that either party may
abrogate the arrangement by giving two years'
notice.
Mr. HOWARD. And that notice has not
been given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notice has not been
given. Mr. Hives, therefore, if he is the pub-
lisher, musl publish for us for two years. Wo
must pay him that amount of money extra.
It assumes that they are necessarily to do this
printing for Congress. It does not mean that
they are bound to furnish this additional print-
ing whether they do tho other or not, and that
we are bound to take it of tiiem if they do". It
imposes upon us an obligation to continue
them; an implied obligation, not directly. It
assumes that they aro to publish the debates
and imposes upon us an implied obligation to
continue them as publishers and to pay them
so much until we give the notice specified.
That is my construction of the act; and that
being so I do not think we can very readily
vary it; but I think the notice ought to bo
given and given at once in this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the honor-
able member from Maine has correctly stated
the law to which he has referred. At the time
that the law was passed, 4th July, 1864, Mr.
Rives was the publisher of tho Globe, and he
had been for some time before. The object
of that bill was not to change the mode of pub-
lishing the proceedings of Congress, but to con-
tinue as it was going on, with certain
changes for his benefit and changes for our
benefit; and the latter part of the law, the
provision as to notice, to be found in the last
section, was intended to apply to the whole of
the antecedent portions of the law. It is there-
fore to be read, as I think, in this way: that this
law is to stand as the agreement between the
publisher of the Globe and the United States
until either party shall give notice of two years
that it is to terminate. The language of the
clause is that it may be abrogated upon the giv-
ing of two years' notice, the meaning of which
necessarily is that it is not to be abrogated with-
out giving that notice. It is to me, therefore, a
very clear question. The true interpretation
of the law is that the United States are bound
until the prescribed notice is given to go on and
discharge what they undertook to do by this
law. It is purely a question of law, and the
political question which the honorable Senator
from Illinois stated does not arise. But I can-
not help saying before I sit down that I should
think it exceedingly unfortunate to connect
the publication of the Globe with any party
newspaper. I know what would necessarily
be the result of such connection. If the paper
happened to differ (as of course it would, for
we are always divided into parties and will
continue to be so) with either side of the Sen-
ate or of the House, the editor could not
avoid indulging in strictures to the prejudice
of the party with whom he differed, and the
proceedings of the Senate, which are supposed
to go to the country to speak for^themselves,
would go wi'th such remarks as a partisan edi-
tor, whoever he might be, might think jt duo
to his party to make. The Globe, as it has
boon published in the past, as it is now pub-
lished, is entirely free from any party bias.
There is nothing of a party character to be
found in the paper of its publishers. Whatever
of party is in it is in the speeches which arc
made by the several members.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to correct a mis-
take which I made a little while ago. One
Senator asked me what tho cost of this " one
eenj; for five pages" item was, and I stated a
much larger sum than it really amounts to. I
must have got my impression from taking a
whole Congress, a long and a short session
together. I see the amount appropriated in
this bill is $15,000.
Mr. CUES WELL. For each House.
Mr. ANTHONY. I merely wish to make
the correction. I thought, when tho law of
18li4 was passed, it bound us for two years,
and that is the reason why I did not vote for
it. I thought the proprietors of the Globe
ought to have a larger compensation than they
then received, but I did not think wo ought to
bind ourselves for any specified time. I am
not lawyer enough to decide how tho'law should
bo construed, but it seems to me the faith of
the Government is pledged to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest now that in
line fifty-nine we strike out the words "for
the first session of the Fortieth Congress," as
I do not see any necessity for having those
words in ; so as to make the clause read:
For reporting and printing the proceedings in tho
Daily Globe, $21,250.
There is no use in these words, and I move
to strike them out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines sixty-three
and sixty-four I move the same amendment, to
strike out tho words "for the first session of
the Fortieth Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then on page 1, line
one hundred and fifty, I move to strike out the
words " the first regular session of."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
^ords will be stricken out to make the bill
uniform.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then on page 9, lines
one hundred and .ninety-four and one hundred
and ninety-five, I move to strike out " for the
first regular session of the Fortieth Congress."
The PRESIDENT^wo tempore. That amend-
ment will be made to make the bill conform to
the previous amendment. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to change
the proviso at the bottom of page 7, which
reads:
Provided-, That notice is hereby given that at the
close of the Fortieth Congress the United States will
terminate the purchase of one complete set of the
Congressional Globe and the Appendix for each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate provided for by
tho act approved July 4,1864.
I move to strike out all after the word " pro-
vided," and to insert:
That tho notice required by the fourth section of
the act entitled *'An act to pay in part for publish-
ing tho debates of Congress, and for other purposes,"
approved July 4,1864, is hereby given that Congress
will in two years from tho close of the present Con-
gress abrogate tho provisions of the first and second
sections of said act.
The amendment was-agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. By request I move a recon-
sideration of the vote whereby the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]_ was
rejected. I refer to the amendment striking
out in lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, on page
3, the words "in the Daily Globe." .
Mr. FESSENDEN. He moved also to
insert in their place the words 1' the proceedings
of the Senate daily.
Mr. "WADE. And to make the same change
in the other places of the bill where it is neces-
sary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are half a dozen
changes which should be made to conform to
this amendment if it is to be made; and when
the vote is taken, if it shall be adopted, I shall
suggest them.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. On this motion to recon-
sider I wish to say a word. The Senator from
Maine a while ago said it was his impression
that under the act of July 4, 1864, Congress
could not without a breach of faith stop the
publication of the Globe. If I thought so, if
such was the effect of the law, as a matter of
course it would end the argument, for I take
it no Senator would violate a contract made
by Congress with the publishers of the Globe.
There would bo no occasion to do it, and I
certainly would not do it. I would even re-
solve a doubt in their favor, if I thought there
was a doubt about it. I remember the circum-
stances under .which that law was passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ex-
cuse me for saying that 1 did not wish to be
understood as suggesting that the making of
this amendment would be a violation of the
contract; If they have a contract we can
just as well fulfill it with this amendment as
without it. '
Mr. SHERMAN. But still, if we are bound
to take the Globe at the next Congress we
may as well appropriate in the ordinary way, and
the amendment would be idle, to say the
least of it, if the Senator's view of the law is
correct; but I do not so see it.
I remember that the bill of 18G4 was intro-
duced at the close of the session by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island merely to provide
against a temporary exigency. It was then
claimed by the Senator from Rhode Island,
representing the Committee on Printing, that
Mr. Rives could not continue the publication
of tho Globo in the then condition of affairs
on account of the high price of paper and the
high price of labor. That bill was intended
to give him relief. It was not to provide for
the publication of the Globe, but to give him
relief first on account of the large size of the
Congressional Globe, it having extended be-
yond three thousand pages at a long session;
and next, because on account of the absence
of members from the southern States the
number of Globes taken had fallen off. The
old custom of giving to every new member of
Congress a set of certain documents had been
discontinued. In this condition of affairs he
