1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
men's Bureau; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that this bill be put on
its passage.
'J he bill, with its preamble, was read.
As the Commissioner of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands re-
ports a retained bounty fund, derived from a
portion of the State bounties of certain colored
soldiers enlisted in Virginia and North Caro-
lina. during the years 1804 and I860, and by
virtue of General Order No. 90, department
of Virginia and North Carolina, series of
18G4, holden by the superintendent of Freed-
men's affairs, but turned over to the Freed-
men's Bureau upon its organization ; and as
the Commissioner has in possession the names
of those soldiers from whom the money was
taken, and as he has uniformly returned it
upon the application or discovery of legal rep-
resentatives, but retains a considerable portion
belonging to soldiers who are either deceased
or who cannot be found, therefore the bill pro-
poses to constitute the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, or his successor in office, the
lawful custodian of this retained bounty fund,
and to appoint him trustee of the same for the
benefit of the colored soldiers or their lawful
representatives.
The Commissioner is also specially author-
ized and empowered to invest the fund, or
any portion of it, in securities of the United
States, for the exclusive benefit of the colored
soldiers or their legal representatives ; but a
sufficient amount in cash is to be retained un-
invested to meet all lawful claims thereupon
that will probably be presented for payment;
and any portion of the fund which may remain
unexpended when the bureau shall cease to
exist, is to be accounted for by the Commis-
sioner to the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to have this bill
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
proposes to divert funds in the hands of the
Freedmen's Bureau. I think it should go to
that committee before being acted upon 111 this
House.
Mr. ELIOT. I think if the gentleman had
attended to it he would not have made that
mistake. It is not a diversion of the funds by
the Freedmen's Bureau. They are in the
hands of the Freedmen's Bureau, and are
invested for the benefit of the parties con-
cerned. If this be not allowed, then it will
have to lie idle. If the Freedmen's Bureau
be abolished, then it will be handed over to
the Government, with interest.
Mr. LE BLOND. It had better be returned
to the Treasury, where it belongs, than to be
held by this bureau. No one knows when it
will be claimed.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. •
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABOLITION OF IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 503, supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment, for debt; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill provides that whenever, upon'
mesne process or execution issuing out of any
of the courts^ of the United States any de-
fendant therein is arrested or imprisoned, he
shall be entitled to discharge from such arrest
or imprisonment in the same manner as if he
were so arrested and imprisoned on like pro-
cess of the State courts in the same district.
And the same oath may be taken, and the
same length of notice thereof shall be required
as is provided by such State laws; and all
I modifications, conditions, and restrictions upon
! imprisonment for debt now existing by the
laws of any State shall be applicable to pro-
' cess issuing out of the courts of the United
States therein, and the same course of pro-
ceedings shall be adopted as now are or may be
i in the courts of such States. But all such pro-
j ceedings shall be had before some one of the
I commissioners appointed by the United States
circuit court, to take bail and affidavits.
1 Mr. DAWES. I desire to have that bill
put on its passage. It merely conforms process
| to that of the State courts.
j The bill was ordered to athird reading; and it
; was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
! Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to rcconsider on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
J ABOLITION OF PEONAGE.
! The next business upon the Speaker's table
j was Senate bill No. 543, to abolish and forever
I prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
| of New Mexico and other parts of the United
; States: which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that that bill be
put on its parage.
The bill provides that the holding of any
person to service or labor nnder the system
known as peonage is hereby declared to be
unlawful, and the same is hereby abolished and
forever prohibited in the Territory of New
Mexico, or in any other Territory or State of
the United States; and all laws, resolutions,
regulations, or usages of the Territory of New
Mexico, or of any other Territory or State of
the United States, which have heretofore estab-
lished, maintained, or enforced, or by virtue
of which any attempt shall hereafter be made
to establish, maintain, or enforce, directly or
indirectly, the voluntary or involuntary service
or labor of any persons as peons, in liquidation
Of any debt or obligation, or otherwise, be, and
the same are hereby, declared null and void;
and any person or persons who shall hold,
arrest, or return, or cause to be held, arrested,
or returned, or in any manner aid in the arrest
or return of any person or persons to a condi-
tion of peonage, shall, upon conviction, be
punished by fine not less than $1,000 nor more
than $5,000, and by imprisonment not less
than one nor more than five years, or both, at
the discretion of the court. |
Tt further provides that it shall be the duty
of all persons in the civil and military service J
of the United States in the Territory of New '
Mexico to aid in the enforcement of the fore-
going section of this act; and that any person
or persons who shall obstruct or attempt to
obstruct, or in any way interfere with or to
prevent the enforcement of this act, shall be
liable to the pains and penalties hereby pro-
vided, and any officer or other person in the
military service of the United States who shall
obstruct or interfere with the duties of the said
assistant commissioner, directly or indirectly,
shall, on conviction before a court-martial, be
dishonorably dismissed the service of the Uni-
ted States, and shall thereafter be ineligible to
reappointment to any office of trust, honor, or
profit under the Government.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DYER B. PETTI JOHN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the consideration of Senate joint resolution No.
175, for the relief of Dyer B. Pettijohn ; which
was read a first and second time. It directs
the Secretary of War to cause to be paid to
Dyer B. Pettijohn the full pay and emoluments
of a second lieutenant of infantry, of the sec-
ond regiment of sharp-shooters, Minnesota
volunteers, from the 30th day of May, 1803,
to the 20th day of May, 1865, deducting there-
from any amount he may have received as an
enlisted man during the time specified.
Mr. WINDOM. During the march of our
Army from the Peninsula to Gettysburg this
man received his commission as lieutenant.
He was not able to be mustered in, though he
made several attempts to do so. At Gettys-
burg he was taken prisoner and was confined
in the Libby prison for nearly one year. In
the mean time his company was disbanded, so
.that he lost his pay as lieutenant during the
time his company was in the service.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. AVINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PARK IN THE DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 549, to establish and main-
tain a public park in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that a tract of land in the
District of Columbia, along and adjacent to
Rock creek, embraced within the limits and
designations of the survey made by Brigadier
General N. Michler, under the order of the
Secretary of War, in pursuance of Senate res-
olution of July 18, 1800, and conforming in
its boundaries as near as may be deemed ex-
pedient by the commission hereinafter estab-
lished to the projected boundary lines of the
park designated in said survey, shall be pur-
chased by the United States for the purposes
of a public park, free to all persons under such
regulations as to police and government as
may by proper authority be established.
Section two provides that for the purpose of
effecting such purchase of the ground inclosed
within the designated survey a commission i3
hereby constituted, consisting of Brevet Major
General M. C. Meigs, Brigadier General N.
Michler, and Brevet Major General H. G.
Wright, whose duty it shall be to negotiate
with the owners and receive written proposals
for the sale to the United States of their re-
spective tracts of land, or of so many of such
tracts or such parts of the same as said com-
missioners find can be had upon reasonable
terms, and as they may deem necessary or de-
sirable for the purposes of a public park.
Section three provides for a report by the
commissioners to the next Congress for action
thereon ; and section four makes all negotia-
tions subject to the approval of Congress.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It will be observed
that this bill simply provides for a commission
to examine a certain locality for a public park,
their report to be subject to the action of Con-
gress. I believe the time has gone by when
there can be any valid objection to the estab-
lishment of a public park in the neighborhood
of a great city. All through Europe in the
principal cities, and in many citics of our own
country, parks have been or are now being
established. The earlier the work is com-
menced the cheaper willit be to establish them.
The population of this city is increasing rapidly,
and no one doubts that it is to be a great city.
I believe it will forever remain the capital of
the nation. I know gentlemen talk about its
removal to the West, following the tendency of
empire. But though a vast population is spring-
ing up in the far West, I do not believe the peo-
ple of the United States will ever consent to
the removal of this Capitol.
Now, the welfare of the people of this city
and District, as well as those who visit front
all parts of the country, can be promoted in
no better way than by instituting a public park
at this time. And let me say that the locality
where it is contemplated to establish it is more
beautiful than anyplace in the immediate neigh-
borhood of any great city in the land. It has
all the natural advantages to make it beautiful.
It contains beautiful trees of all the varieties,
mountains, valleys, and springs, everything
conspiring to make it desirable.
