330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
not be lost of acting not.,only .for the present inr
time and place, but for the distant alpo.
But there is another consideration, which, if
possible,_ is more decisive. I say nothing now of
the requirement that the new-Constitution shall
be." not repugnant to the .Constitution of the
United States;" but Jcall.attention to the pos-
itive condition that it^nust be "not repugnant
to the principles of tie Declaration of Inde-
pendence." And jet,..sir, in the face of tl^
plain requirement we have a new Constitution
which disfranchises persons on accountofcolor,
and,establishes w.hat is compendiously called '' a
white man's government." This new Consti-
tution set? at naught the great principles that
all men are equal, and tljat Governments stand
on the consent of the governed. Therefore, I
say confidently that this new Constitution now
before us is not according to the "principles
of the Declaration of Independence." Is this
doubted? Can-it be doubted? You must raze
living words, you must kill undying truths, be-
fore you can announce any such conformity.
As long as those words exist, as long as those
troths shine forth in that Declaration, you must
condemn this new Constitution. I remember
gratefully the electric power with which the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] on a former occa-
sion, not many, years ago, confronting the rep-
resentatives of slavery,bravely vindicated these
principles as "self-evident .truths." "There
was a Brutus once who would brook the eternal
devil" as soon as any denial of these '' self-
evident truths." Would that he would speak
now as then, and insist on their practical ap-
plication everywhere within the power of Con-
gress, and thus set up a wall of defense for the
downtrodden 1
Thus the question stands under the enabling
act. This act has not been complied with in
any respect, whether of form or substance.
In form it Jias been openly disregarded; in
substance it has been insulted. The failure in
form may be pardoned; the failure in substance
must be fatal, unless in some way corrected
by Congress.
Nobody doubts that Congress, in providing
for the formation of a State Constitution, may
affix conditions. This has been done from the
beginning of our history. There is no instance
where it has been omitted. Search the enabling
acts of all the new States, and you will find
these conditions. There they are in your
statute-book, constant witnesses to the power
of Congress, unquestioned and unquestion-
able.
Thus, for instance, the enabling act for
Nebraska requires three things of the new
State as conditions-precedent:
First. That slavery shall be forever pro-
hibited.
Secondly. That no person shall be molested
in person or property on account of religious
worship.
Thirdly. That the unappropriated public
lands shall remain at the sole disposition of
the United States, without being subject to
local taxation.
Bead the enabling act, and you will find
these conditions. Does any Senator doubt
their validity? Impossible.
But this is not all. In addition to these
three conditions are three others, which in
order, if not in importance, stand even before
these. They are contained in words which I
have already quoted, but which have been
strangely forgotten in this debate. Here they
are:
" That the Constitution when formed shall be re-
publican, and not repugnant to the Constitution of
the United States and the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence."
Consider this clause; you will find it con-
tains three conditions, each of vital force.
First. The Constitution must be "repub-
lican." It does not say "in form" merely,
but "republican;" of course "republican"
in substance and reality.
Secondly. The Constitution must be "not
repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States." But surely any Constitution which
contains a discrimination of rights on account
of color must be "repugnant" to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which contains no
such discriminatipn. The text of the national
Constitution is blameless; but the text of this
new Constitution is not blameless; hence its
repugnancy.
Thirdly. The Constitution must be "not
repugnant to the principles of the Declaration
of Independence." These plain words allow
no equivocation. Solemnly you have required
this just and noble conformity. But is it not
an insult to the understanding when you offer
a Constitution which contains a discrimination
of rightS:0n account of color ?
Now in all these three requirements, so author-
itatively made as the conditions of the new Con-
stitution, Nebraska fails—wretchedly fails. It
is vain to say that the people there were not
warned. They were warned. These require-
ments were in the very title-deed under which
they now claim.
Mr. President, pardon me, I entreat you, if
I am tenacious in my position. At this mo-
ment there is one great question in our coun-
try on which all other questions pivot. It is
justice to the colored race. Without this I see
smallchanceof security,tranquillity, orevenof
peace. The war will still continue. There-
fore, as a servant of truth and a lover of my
country, I cannot allow this cause to be sacri-
ficed or discredited by my vote. Others will
do as they please; but'if I stand alone I will
hold this bridge.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment, which is, I believe, to sub-
mit this question to the people of Nebraska
hereafter. I do not know that there is any
necessity for such haste in the admission of
Nebraska as a State that we should not take
this precaution in order to be certain that we
are right, especially when we find such a dif-
ference of opinion among those who have a
clear claim to orthodoxy upon a subject of this
kind.
I trust, too, that my brethren will take ad-
vantage of the peculiar contingency which the
Senator from Massachusetts says Providence
now furnishes, and that they will respond to it
in the proper spirit. If T caught the drift of
his remarks at that particular point, it was
this: that for a long period of years Provi-
dence, for some reason or other, had not given
to us an opportunity to be just to black people;
had not given an opportunity to recognize the
equality of black people; not given an oppor-
tunity to admit black people to cooperate with
our own race in the government of sublunary
things here, but that contingency has at last
happened. If that be so, Mr. President, I
must confess that I have had" very confused
views of Providence heretofore. I supposed
that the world was governed by Providence,
and I supposed that the word came from the
fact that He did provide for the government
of the affairs of men. I was perfectly willing
that His wayswere mysterious, very mysterious
indeed. I could not understand why He al-
lowed certain things to prevail in the world
which to my mind were wrong and improper.
But from the best lights that I could get, and
from the closest observation I could make of
things, in the end they generally came out
right.
Now, if, as the Senator says—and I use his
own words, in quoting the Declaration of In-
dependence—"all men are equal," it does seem
to me that Providence could have fixed that
fact, if He had desired it, with such certainty
as to prevent any very great mistake about it.
My honorable friend, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, is six feet three inches in height, and
weighs two hundred and twenty pounds. I am
six feet three inches in height and weigh one
hundred and ninety pounds, if you please.
That is not equality. My honorable friend
from Maine here is five feet nine inches 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Andahalf. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. I beg the honorable Sena-
tor's pardon. I would not diminish hisstature
an inch or half an inch, nor take a hair from
his head; and he weighs one hundred and forty
pounds if you please. . Is that equality? The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is largely
learned; he has traversed the whole field of
human learning; there is nothing, I think, that
he does not know that is worth knowing—and
this is no empty compliment that I desire to
pay him now—and he is so much wiser than I
am that at the last elections he divined exactly
how they would result and I did not. [Laugh-
ter.] He rode triumphantly upon the popular
wave, and I was overwhelmed and came out
with eyes and nose suffused and hardly able
to gasp.
Mr. SUMNER. You ought to have followed
my counsel.
Mr. COWAN. Why should I not? What
was Providence doing in that? If Providence
had made me equal to the honorable Senator
I should not have needed his counsel, and I
should have ridden, too, on the topmost wave.
[Laughter.] If Providence rules the world,
if Providence is acting in all these things, I
should like to ask my honorable friend what
Providence has been doing about this negro
business for the last ten thousand years. As
far as we can go back they have been terribly
neglected; and even to-day in Africa, where
they live, what is their condition? I suppose
that Dr. Livingstone is authority, an orthodox
gentleman, a clergyman, a kind of divine man
who goes over there moved by the most benev-
olent purposes, and he gives the most terrible
account of those people, who are free, one
would think, there if anywhere, to act accord-
ing to the dictates of Providence and to carry
out the will of Providence, if He had any
especial will in this matter.
There was another gentleman who went
there through terrible tribulation and suffer-
ing, a certain Mr. Baker, who had a wife lovely
beyond her sex; I think enduring beyond any x
of the sex of whom I have ever read. She
accompanied Mr. Baker, and they gave us
accounts of these people in Africa.
If the honorable Senator now insists upon
the equality of men, the actual equality of
men—-I do not mean their equality as to per-
sonal rights; I agree to that; they all have a
personal right to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness; I think that is all true; but if
this equality is to extend everywhere, if they
have a right to govern, if they have a right to
be equal socially, I should like to know if
Providence rules the world and if Providence
is over all, as He unquestionably is, how the
honorable Senator explains the condition of
Africa to-day. How can that be done? His
ancestors and my ancestors, thousands of years
ago perhaps, before development had pro-
gressed as it has to end in such specimens as
we are of the stock—from all we can learn I
am apprehensive perhaps that they were not
in a much better condition than the negroes of
Africa. We cannot tell exactly that they were.
Their history is lost in the mists of remote an-
tiquity ; but if they did work themselves on,
if they did work themselves up and produced
such a result as we see in the United States
of America, as we see in France, as we see
in England, as we see as the result of the race
everywhere, I should like the honorable Sen-
ator to explain why it was that the race in
Africa during these thousands of years did not
make the same progress. Can the honorable
Senator tell why they never invented an alpha-
bet? Can he tell why they never built a city,
why they never had a nationality, why they
never had a history, why they never had tradi-
tions, why they never had a literature, why they
never hadanythingof thatkind which character-
izes the man of progress, the civilized man ? All
that has been going on under the eye of Provi-
dence ; but Providence now, at the prompting
of Massachusetts philanthropy, I suppose, has
waked up to the necessity of, at a single bound,
lifting this barbarous people upon the same
elevation with the advanced races in the strug-
gle of civilization.
God knows T wish as heartily as anybody
else that could be done. But, Mr. President,
when that is done, and when it is done actaally,
