1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
words "in/he Daily Globe," and to insert "of
the Senate, daily."
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 24,-nays 14; as follows:
TEAS—MessrS. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler, Cres-
well, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Howe,
Kirk wood. Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Boss, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wado,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Foster, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, McDougall,
Norton, Patterson, Poland, Trumbull, and Van
Winkle—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness,Cowan, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Guthrie, Henderson,
Nesmith, Nye, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Willey—14.
So the amendment w#s agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Regarding that as set-
tled, it will be necessary to make several other
amendments which I will suggest. In the same
page, in line fifty-six, the words "Congres-
sional Globe" should be struck out, and "the
reports and debates of the proceedings of the
Senate in book form" inserted. I move that
amendment.
The amendment "was agreed to. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lino sixty-two, on
the same page, the words "for the Congres-
sional Globe" should be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
words will bo stricken out to conform to the
previous amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and forty-nine, on page 7, the words "Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix" should bo
stricken out, and '' debates and proceedings of
the House" inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will bo made to make the bill uniform.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines one hundred
and fifty-iivo and one hundred and fifty-six, on
page 7,1 move to strike out " Congressional
Globe and Appendix" and to insert " debates
and proceedings of the House;" in line one
hundred and eighty-nine, on page 9. I move to
strike out " in the Daily Globe" and to insert
" of the House, daily;" and in line one hun-
dred and ninety-throe to strike out "for the
Congressional Globo."
ThoPRESIDENTprotewporc. These alter-
ations will bo made to make the bill uniform.
Mr. SHKltiUAN. I now offer an additional
section to complete this matter:
Aii'lbf; it furtha■ mortal, Tha t (he joint Committeo
on 1 ublio X nntnig bodireeted to invite proposals for
the oxecution of the work now done in the publica-
tion of the Daily and Congressional Globo, and that;
the committoe reportwhethor the same may bo dono
with greater accuracy by the Publio Printer or by
continuing the presont arrangement, or by accepting
some other proposal; and the committeo is hereby
authorized to contract with the publishers of tho
Globe tor tho publication of tho debates of tho first
session of tho next Congress at ratos not oxoooding
those now paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not
be adopted because that assumes that there is
no contract existing. I think that matter can
bo arranged hereafter without putting it on this
appropriation bill. We are not ready for that
yet. Some part of tho provision I might be in
favor of. I have no objection to an inquiry,
but I do not wish it put in this form. I hope
the Senator will withdraw it and otter it sepa-
rately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
offering it as a resolution ; but I submitted it
to the chairman of tho Committee on Printing
and he thought it ought to bo done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would bo better to
offer it as a resolution and let it go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which is varied from one on the same
subject formerly presented:
he enacted, That from and after the
Mth day of June next the salaries of each of the
judges of the Court of Claims shall be $4,500.
I desire to say a word or two in reference to
this amendment. Since the vote was taken on
the amendment I offered before, giving a sal-
ary of $5,000, I have looked into the statutes
in reference to the Court of Claims. This court
was established in 1855, and the salary then
given was the same as it now stands, $4,000
a year. Every body undertands that the ex-
penses of living have doubled in that time.
In 1855, when this Court of Claims was
established, members of this and of the other
House of Congress received eight dollars a
day during the session. Our pay was not
raised to $3,000 a year till a year or two after
that time. The Court of Claims at that time,
and for some years, were simply a committee
of Congress; their judgments were not final;
they merely examined all cases that came be-
fore them and reported to Congress. There
was no finality about their judgments, and no
effectual responsibility about them, more than
upon an ordinary master in chancery who
reports a case to the court.
Since that time the law has been altered, so
that the judgments of this court are conclusive,
binding between the Government and the claim-
ant; their jurisdiction has been very much en-
larged ; their duties are altogether more ardu-
ous than they were at that time. While the pay
of the members of Congress at that time was
eight dollars a day during the session, it has
been raised to $5,000 ayear—more than double
what tho members received at the time the
salary of $4,000 was fixed for the judges of the
Court of Claims. Their expenses have doubled
in that time, their duties have doubled; and
it seems to me that it is not asking too much
to ask that $500 should be added to their pay
when ours has been more than doubled in that
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole argument
adduced with reference to tho former amend-
ment applies to this: it is raising salaries in
another form. I think the Senate substan-
tially decided that these salaries were about
right as they arc now: we had one debate
upon it. I do not accede to the strength of
the argument that because men have to work
in a position you must therefore pay them
more. If the salary of these judges was §4,000
some years ago, according to the Senator's
statement, it was a great deal more than it
ought to have been at that time. The ques-
tion is whether it is not enough now in com-
parison with the salaries paid to other persons
who perform duties which take their time as
much as these. I hope this amendment will be
voted down as dccidedlv as the other was.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The argument
which was adduced before against $5,000 was
that it was making a salary higher than that
of the chief justice of the district. This places
it at tho same sum. It seems to me that tho
character of the service rendered by these
judges is such that they should receive good,
liberal compensation. Vast claims in which
the Government is interested come before them
to the amount of millions. There is no doubt
that these judges will be a better character of
men and will discharge their duties better re-
ceiving a proper compensation. There is some-
thing in the way a person is paid as to the
manner in which ho discharges his duties and
the diligence with which ho does it. I think
tho Government can well afford to pay judges
who are competent to discharge such duties as
those that are imposed upon this court §4,500.
Thissubject was before the committee; it was
considered carefully, and I hope the committee
will be sustained in their report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we have men who
do not discharge their duties well because they
do not get as much money as they would like
to have, if that is the argument, it is high time
that we abolished the court and got rid of them,
or got judges who would do their duty without
regard to the amount of money they are paid.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That w;as not
the argument. The suggestion I made was
that the degree of diligence, the amount of
wear pnd tear upon one's health that one will
submit_ to, does depend something upon the
obligations that - receiving full compensation
imposes on a person.
Mr. POLAND called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand this amend-
ment comes' from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the compensation
is very moderate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate votes down
a good many amendments that come from the
Committee on Financc, and that is considered
no great_ imputation on them. I take it we
have a right to differ from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Creswell, Doo-
little, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, John-
son, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Stewart, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Yates—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Davis, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Conness, Cowan,
Dixon, Edmunds, Guthrio, Harris, Howard, Lane,
McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, ana
Riddlo—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
Tho bill was read the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. • The title of theprinted
bill reads " 1807 " instead of " 1868." I move
to correct that, and to amend the title by add-
ing " and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed, to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 276) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish certain
muster-rolls to the different States, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA—VETO.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill for
the admission of Nebraska with the veto mes-
sage accompanying it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
45C) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into tho Union, which had been returned by
the President of the United States with his
objections.
_ The ^PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding-? It
is a question that under the Constitution must
be taken by the yeas and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 9; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Cragin,
Creswell, logg, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes. Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss, Sherman,
Sprague Stowart. Sumner. Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Foster,
Hendricks, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, and Sauls-
bury—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cowan, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Guthrie, Johnson, McDougall,
Nesmith, Nye, and Riddle—12.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon this
question the yeas are 31 and the nays 9. Two
thirds of the Senators present having voted
for the bill, it is passed, notwithstanding the
objections of the President, and will be sent
to the House with the message of the Presi-
dent.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO VETO.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the
bill for the admission of Colorado. f"No,
no."]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood that the
Senator from Ohio was not going to call up
that bill until we knew that it was coming up.
He told me he would call up the Nebraska bill.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I will not insist
upon the motion against the Senator's wishes.
He has lived up to his contract; and if he
thinks this is not embraced in it I will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was my understand-
ing that the Nebraska bill would be called for,
but not the Colorado bill.
Mi-. WADE. I withdraw the motion, be-
