1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion there was nothing in it to give any found-
ation for such a fabrication.
I desire to make this statement, because I
am frequently called upon by letters to know
whether this statement is true. It may seem
very late for me to make this explanation.
But the Speaker will remember that I have
deferred it thus long at the special request of my
excellent colleague from the Fayette district,
[Mr. Dawson,] who has several times objected
to my making the explanation. I have no kind
of hostility to anybody on that account.
When I called by letter upon the author of
that article to know who gave the information
upon which he based his statement, he declined
to give it upon the ground that it would involve
a member of Congress. Sir, I do not believe
that that was the true ground of his refusal;
I do not believe that any member of Congress
gave him any such information. For, sir, and
I may as well say it now, so far as I know, I
do not know of any member of this Congress
who would propagate such a falsehood against
me or anybody else. So far as I know, there
has been more harmony and less acrimony and
animosity among members of this Congress
than among the members of any other Con-
gress with which I have had any acquaintance.
In the ardor of debate, undoubtedly we have
sometimes given and received what might be
considered harsh epithets ; bnt so far as I am
concerned I do not remember one of them,
and there is not a member of this House toward
whom I feel the least animosity. I desire to
say publicly to the members upon the other side,
that although they have differed from me and
have sometimes been severe in their criticisms
of my policy, they have always treated me with
a courtesy and kindness which I deeply appre-
ciate. That is all I have to say on this subject.
adverse reports.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported adversely upon the following memorials;
which were laid on the table:
Memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, praying Congress to grant for the use
and benefit of the Freedman's University sec-
tions of land in the State of Kansas from any
public lands not otherwise disposed of; and
Memorial of the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Utah, for the
donation of town sites in aid of a common
school fund.
norton's canceling stamp—again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 582) entitled "An act to provide
for the payment of past and future use and
purchase of the invention and patent upon
' post-marking of letters, packets, &c., and for
the cancellation of postage stamps thereon,"
made by and patented to Marcus P. Norton,
of Troy, New York, April 14, 1863, and re-
issued August 23, 1864.
Mr. FERRY. I think, Mr. Speaker, the
House will bear me out in the statement that
I have not during the two sessions of this Con-
gress unnecessarily taxed its patience. The
subject before the House is one to which I
have given considerable attention; and appre-
ciating the value of time in these closing hours
of the session I shall not consume any more
than may be necessary to do justice to the
merits of the question.
The device for which this bill proposes to
provide compensation combines the two oper-
ations of post-marking and stamp canceling
upon letters; and both are performed at one
blow instead of two by the old method of two
instruments; and the compensation proposed
to be granted is designed to cover the past and
future use of the invention by the Government,
together with the title to the invention. I may
state to the House that in the post office of
New York the invention was tested by con-
tinued use from 1860 to 1863; and the result
was such as to lead the Postmaster General to
adopt it in many of the principal post offices
of the country; and for the past four years the
Government has been using these instruments
as fast as they can be made. The late Post-
master General, Mr. Dennison, has stated by
official letter that the instrument at the date of
his letter had been introduced into certain
leading offices in the northern States, and that
the use of it had already saved to the Depart-
ment two hundred and fifty-four clerks. Esti-
i; mating the average salary of these clerks at
ii $800—although I believe the average is $900—
the amount thus saved by the Government is
over two hundred thousand dollars, and the
aggregate for the past four years would be over
eight hundred thousand dollars.
This subject was before the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads at the last session
of Congress, and simultaneously before the
corresponding committee of the Senate. The
committee of this House acted upon the ques-
tion, and I now ask leave to have read as a
part of my remarks a very brief report from
that committee.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to whom was referred a "letter from the Postmaster
Genera], transmitting additional papers relating to
Norton's marking and canceling stamp," report that
they find that letters-patent of date April 14,1863,
were granted to Marcus P. Norton, of the city of
Troy, New York, and by him duly assigned to Jacob
Shavorand Albert C. Corse, on the 20th day of April,
1863, and duly recorded, as required by law, and a
reissue granted to said Shavor & Corso on the 23d day
of August, 1864; which said invention, so patented,
assigned, and reissued, was for, and upon, improve-
ments in "post office post-marking and postage
stamp_ canceling device," and which invention has
been in practical and continuously exclusive use by
and under the order and direction of the Postmaster
General since the 1st of April, 1863, without compen-
sation whateverto said patentees, nor upon anyother
stipulation than their consent that the same might
thus be used until its utility and advantage to the
Government should be effectually tested, when a fair
and equitable compensation for either its use or the
patent shonld bo made to them by the Government.
The invention having been sufficiently proved, and
its utility satisfactorily tested by uninterrupted use
in various post offices of the States, application was
made to the Thirty-Eighth Congress for compensa-
tion therefor, in accordance with the informal stipu-
lation already referred to. Another claimant tosaid
invention appearing, the committee of that Congress
who were then considering the subject of compensa-
tion decided that,since the validity of the title to the
same was called in question, that should first be de-
termined by the courts, and the case was accordingly
thereupon remanded.
By a transcript of the proceedings and judgment,
now submitted as rendered in the United States cir-
cuit court of the northern district of the State of New
York, it appears that the question of validity of title
was tried, and decided in favor of the patentees,
Shavor and Corse. Again, therefore, the patentees
appear before the present Congress claiming a suit-
able remuneration for their invention on condition
oi an assignment of all their right and title to the
same to the United States.
The value of this invention to the Government is
verified in the nature and manner following, to wit:
Having in use the said stamp, the postmasters at
Washington.District of Columbia; Baltimore, Mary-
land; New York city, Brooklyn, Albany, Troy, Syra-
cuse, Rochester, and Buffalo, New York; Hartford,
Connecticut; Boston, Springfield, and Worcester,
Massachusetts; Cincinnati,Ohio; Detroit,Michigan;
and Chicago, Illinois, formally certify that in their
several offices the Government is thereby saved from
one third to one half the stamping and canceling
clerk hire theretofore employed, and that " it greatly
facilitates the dispatch of letters for transportation
in the mails;" that "it greatly economizes in time in
the making up of the mails tor transportation;" that
"it cancels, in the most perfect and permanent man-
ner thepostase stamps on letters, packets, A1.. ;ind
at the same time gives on the envelopeanintelligent
post-mark;" and that" it prevents frauds by the
chemical cleansing or washing of postage stamps for
reuse or reissue after oneo used."
Its utility, facility, and economy are so far estab-
lished that it is being introduced to the larger post
offices of the States as rapidlyastheycanbesupplied.
TheGovemmenthascontraetedfortheir manufacture
with Messrs. Fairbanks & Co., of New York, at the
price of six dollars each, and is now supplying offices
at the average rate ot five hundred per annum. 1'rom
the interruption of postal facilities growing out of the
late rebellion the sonthern States have not been sup-
plied, but will be, as stated by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, as fast as the Department ean effect their intro-
duction.
The Post Office Department seems committed to
their general and continuous use, so long at least as
no other improvement shall oommend supersedere.
The nearest approach to a practical substitute for this
invention is one of English device, manufactured by
Turner & Co., London, and to be seen at the Wash-
ington post office. This is a more complex and
expensive stamp. Its only novel merit is self-inking'.
The stamp employed is the same combination of
stamping and canceling covered by the "Norton
patent," and is claimed by him to be an infringement
of his invention, and that ho holds a patent for his
like combination stamp under the English Crown of
date February 4, 1863. The similarity of the two
stamps in this respect is quite obvious. The cost of
this English stamp is 8100, ninety-four dollars more
than the Norton make, and by the complication of
its structure must by use be subject to frequent re-
pairs. A trial of the two methods of execution, fairly
tested in thepresence of your committee, attested the
superiority of the Norton stamp. The same number
of letters (100) was stamped and canceled by the
Norton stamp in twenty-eight seconds, which by the
same operator required forty-five seconds with the
English stamp. The Norton stamp is therefore deemed
the most perfect and serviceable device extant. The
Government in consulting its interest has fully com-
mitted itself to its adoption, and over three years' use
determines it an indispensable requisite to the safe,
rapid, and economical operation of marking, stamp-
ing, and canceling in the Postal Department.
The patentees claim, as a just compensation for the
title and past and future use of their said invention
the sum of $125,000.
The Postmaster General, on the other hand, in a
letter on the subject, filed with the papers in the
case, recommends as a proper compensation therefor
the sum of $20,000, and the further sum of $12,282 70,
with interest, being the amount of expenses incurred
by the patentees in establishing their legal title to
the invention. It is set forth in said letter from the
Postmaster General that at the date thereof the Gov-
ernment saved by the use of said stamp the compen-
sation of two hundred and fifty-four clerks of the
various salaried classes. At an average salary of
$800 per annum, this saving would amount to the
sum of $203,200, and an aggregate at this rate for the
three years the Government has enjoyed the use of
the stamp the sum of $609,600. In view of this com-
putable saving directly traceable to the use of this
stamp and without approximating the gain by its
future u"e in many more offices throughout the
States where they are being rapidly substituted for
the old discarded device, it would seem that the sum
stated by the Postmaster General is not an adequate
or just compensation for such undeniable and valua-
ble benefits which the Government derives.
message from the senate
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the'
concurrence of the House.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. As there are several amend-
ments to the deficiency bill, I move that they
all be non-concurred in, and that the House
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist the amendments
of the Senate shall be read, so that we may
know what we are voting on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to have the amendments read.
The amendments of the Senate were then
read in extenso.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amend-
ments just read be non-concurred in, and that
the House ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Stevens, Mr. Farnsw^rtii, and
Mr. Kasson managers at said conference on
the part of the House.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that thgy had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. It. No. 598) to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout, the
United States.
norton's canceling stamp again.
Mr. FERRY resumed the floor.
Mr. HALE. I did not understand the sum
that was recommended by the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. FERRY. I was about to state that the
report just read in the hearing of the House was
founded on the sum agreed upon by the com-
mittee, to wit: $50,000. The letter of the late
Postmaster General, Mr. Dennison, recom-
mended the sum of §20,000, together with some
$13,000 taxable costs, aside from attorney fees
and a royalty, something like two dollars for
each of these instruments. The committee
agreed on $50,000. The patentees were un-
willing to accept that, and that unwillingness
led to action in this Congress. The Senate
first took up the question, and the committee
in that body were unanimous in recommend-
ing the sum of $100,000 for the past and futuwe
use and title to this device.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask the honorable
gentleman from Michigan whether he has
