1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
cause I made an arrangement with the other
side that they do not understand exactly as I
did ; but I want perfect fairness. I withdraw
the motion.
league island.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill (H. R. No. 452)
to authorize tho Secretary of the Navy to ac-
cept League Island, in the Delaware river, for
naval purposes and to dispense with and dis-
pose of the existing yard at Philadelphia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 8, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
muster-rolls for states.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution directing the Secretary of
War to furnish certain'muster-rolls to the dif-
ferent States; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of War to furnish, on the
application of the adjutant general of any State,
certified copies the muster-in and muster-out
rolls of any organization of volunteers from
such State, serving in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, on the representation
of such adjutant general that said rolls have
not been returned to his department by United
States mustering officers.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific kailiioad bonds.
Mr. WENTWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House the amount
of uonds issued to the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany, and also to tho Union Pacific llailroad Com
pany. with thedate of their issue, and also Ihenumber
of miles of road completed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• foreign convicts.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to prohibit the transportation
from foreign countries to the United States of
persons convicted of or charged with crime,
and prescribing punishment therefor; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
railroads in insurrectionary states.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to : „
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to this House what railroad companies in
the rebellious States have purchased rolling stock
and other property of the United States Government
after the surrender of the rebel army, the amount
thus purchased in each individual case, the amount
remaining unpaid, with the nature of the security
held for the same ; and that he further report what
set-off, if any, the said companies -or any of them
• profess to have against the United States Govern-
ment, and its said claims, arising upon the sale of
said railroad stock, &e.
assay oe gold and silver.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish'certain offices for the
assay of gold and silver; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
mexican cattle disease.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of provid-
ing for tho appointment of a commission to investi-
gate the nature, causes, and results of what is com-
monly known as Spanish fever or Texas cattle disease,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
message erom tub president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Moore,
one of his Secretaries.
amendment of the rules.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved ", That thcCommittee on Rules bo directed
to oonsidcr tho expediency of amending the rules of
the House so as to provide that when, on a call of
the House after eight o'clock in the evening, it is
found that a quorum is not present, the House shall
immediately adjourn to meet on tho next day at ten
o'clock a. m.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
government oe insurrectionary states.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1X43, to provide for the
more effectual government of the insurrection-
ary States, upon which Mr. Shanklin was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHANKLIN addressed the House for
an hour. [His l-cmarks will be'published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to make a motion that speeches be
limited to twenty minutes for the remaining
discussion of this bill?
Mr. THAYER. I must decline in view of
the engagements I have made in regard to
my time.
Mr. Speaker, it is not my intention to enter
into any labored discussion of the particular
details of this bill. Neither do 1 intend to de-
bate the legal questions involved in its consid-
eration. They have been already fully dis-
cussed on this and on other occasions. I wish
to indicate, however, in as brief and concise a
manner as I may, the views which operate
upon my own mind in bringing me to the con-
clusion at which I have arrived, that" it is my
duty to vote for the measure now before the
House.
Mr. Speaker, when the ship is among shoals
and shallows a brisk breeze is preferable to a
calm. I fear very much that in tlm present
situation of public affairs we are drifting we
know not whither upon that lifeless calm
which has been created by the unfortunate
dead-lock between the President and Con-
gress.
Sir, I hail this measure as interrupting this
baleful calm which, if not disturbed by a proper
exercise of legislative power upon this subject,
may be succeeded by disaster and collision. It
furnishes at least an initial point from which
we can start in the consideration and adjust-
ment of the great question of reconstruction.
I regard this as a measure which lays the grasp
of Congress upon this great question, a grasp
which is to hold on to it until it shall be finally
settled. I regard it as a measure which is to
take that great question out of that sea of em-
barrassment and sluggish inactivity in which,
through the course which the President has
thought proper to pursue, it now rests. Sir,
the terms and conditions upon which this ques-
tion is to be settled, belong, in my judgment,
as I have had occasion to say on this floor, to
the people who triumphed in the great struggle
through which we have passed, and the only
organ of the people in the making of that set-
tlement, and in the enunciation of these terms
and conditions, is the body composed of their
Senators and Representatives in Congress as-
sembled. I deny that it is just or expedient
that the attitude which is now maintained on
the part of the several parties to that recent
struggle should continue any longer. I deny
that it is either politic or just that the attitude
of the United States toward the revolted com-
munities which were lately engaged in the re-
bellion should any longer remain of that doubt-
ful character which now and for some months
past it has worn.
Sir, the people of the United States who
were triumphant in this great struggle will not
submit to be placed upon terms of equality
with their late enemies in negotiating and set-
tling the terms upon which rebel States may
be restored to power and authority in the
Union. They will in some way or other vin-
dicate and establish their own right to settle
those terms and conditions in spite of the hos-
tility of those who were lately in organized
rebellion against the Government, and in spite
also of the machinations and conspiracies of
the public agents who have betrayed them.
It was conceded everywhere at the termina-
tion of the armed struggle between the rebel-
lious States and the United States that the
settlement of the terms and conditions upon
which the people of those States should be
restored to power and participation in the
Government must of necessity rest with the
people of the loyal States who had stood faith-
fully and resolutely by the Government of the
United States, and who had carried it triumph-
antly to victory through seas of blood and
under mountains of debt.
The President of the United States himself,
it is a matter of public notoriety, conceded this
position. He publicly announced in his proc-
lamations and his official communications
upon this subject that whatever might bo done
by executive authority, under the pressure of
existing necessity, for the restoration of order
in the rebellious States, must be subject to the
revision and ratification of Congress. He did
n(5t then pretend to arrogate to himself the ex-
clusive control of this great question, or the
power which belongs, under the Constitution
of this country, to the representatives of the
people. He had not then the temerity to set
up any such claim "of power. The subject was
remitted by him t& Congress to approve or to
disapprove the temporary governments which
he had undertaken to establish in the rebellious
States. But the attitude of the President of
the United States has undergone a most tre-
mendous and startling change. The President
now denies that power to Congress which he
once distinctly and specifically conceded. The
President now claims, it would seem, the power
to enter into negotiations with the Governors
of those States, and to settle with them the
terms upon which the people of those States
are to be restored to their political relations.
Sir, a most extraordinary spectacle is now
presented to the country; it is the spectacle
of the President of the United States, who has
by the Constitution no authority whatever on
this question, undertaking, in conference with
persons from the rebel States, who lately were
active participants in the rebellion itself, to
arrange terms of accommodation between the
people of those States and the people of the
loyal States. He is, if we are to credit public
statements which" are not contradicted now,
engaged in consultations with leading men from
the revolted section who influence the public
mind and control the political movements of
that region ; not for the purpose of carrying out
the demands of the people, which were made
through their representatives in Congress at
its last session, and which were ratified by
overwhelming majorities in the loyal States at
the recent elections; but in order to frame
some new plan, to contrive some new scheme,
not in accordance with the scheme presented
by Congress and indorsed by the people, but
such as will square with his own wishes, his
own prejudices, his own intentions I will not
say his own pledges.
