1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
received any information of the invention of
an entirely new improvement which is destined
to supersede this stamp?
Mr. FERRY. I have received information
of two supposed improvements, but in the
opinion of the Department they are not im-
provements, but in fact are alleged infringe-
ments of the present device.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask my colleague
further, before he calls the previous question,
whether he will permit me to offer an amend-
ment striking out $100,000 and inserting
$50,000?
Mr. FERRY. I will give my colleague that
opportunity.
Mr. FINCK. I also want to say a few
words on the subject.
Mr. FERRY. If the House will bear with
me I will yield a reasonable time to the gentle-
man as well as to others.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask my colleague
one more question. I have a recollection in
the investigation of this claim there was a
conflict between certain parties as to which
one was entitled to this sum if it should be
awarded for this stamp. Now, does the bill
of the Senate make any provision by which
the Postmaster General is authorized to deter-
mine who is the rightful claimant ?
Mr. FERRY. I reply to the gentleman from
Ohio that the courts have already determined
in whom rests the title to this invention.
During the Thirty-Eighth Congress the court
decided that the title was in this patentee.
Mr. FINCK. If I remember correctly there
was still a question undisposed of as to which
one was the rightful claimant on the record
introduced before the committee. The House
committee in considering the question made
some provision by which the money was to be
divided among the claimants. Does this bill
make any such provision ?
Mr. FERRY. I answer the gentleman by
reminding him that the House will have seen
from the reading of the bill that it provides
that the Postmaster General shall pay to the
parties who appear to be the owners of the
device.
I was going on to state, when interrupted,
that the committee in the Senate unanimously
agreed upon $100,000 for this invention. I
will add that it was with remarkable unanimity
that the Senate agreed to that amount, and it
was in the face of the letter of Postmaster
General Dennison and based upon the records
and merits of the case.
When the patentee refused to accept the
$50,000, at the instance of the committee I
addressed the present Postmaster General,
Mr. Randall, asking whether the device was
still in use, and whether in the opinion of his
Department it was, as claimed to be, the best
instrument extant. The letter which I received
in reply was read here before the recess, and
I wish to call the attention of the House to
two points in that letter, as many members are
now in the Hall who were not present then.
The Postmaster General says:
" The question of value to the Department has long
been settled. The necessity to the Department of its
continued use is beyond question. I think $20,000
(alluding to the letter of the former Postmaster Gen-
eral) entirely too small a sum; and that $50,000 is
not a fair measure of the great value of this in-
vention."
This letter is dated January 15, 1867.
And now, while up, I want to call the atten-
tion of the House to another peculiarity of this
device. It not only stamps the post-mark per-
fectly upon letters, but by the use of an elastic
substance, to wit: cork, in the canceling part
of the machine, the enamel of the stamp is so
far broken as to allow the ink to be tnrown
into the body of the stamp, and so defacing it
as to prevent its being cleansed by chemical
process and the possibility of its fraudulent
reuse by which the just revenue of the Depart-
ment could be diminished. It came to the
attention of the Postmaster General that in the
city of New York certain parties were inviting
the benevolent to send them their old stamps
to be made into papier-mache articles, the
avails of which were to be used for "the edu-
cation of young men for the ministry'' —
affording another illustration of the tendency
of fallen human nature to " steal the livery of
Heaven to serve the devil in;" but it was
discovered that the stamps that were sent in
response to this appeal, instead of being devoted
to the education of young men for the minis-
try, were washed by chemical process and
fraudulently reused for postal purposes.
Now, this biU gives the right to use this
instrument not merely to the Postal Depart-
ment, but to the Government generally; and
if we acquire (hat right, it will come into use
in the internal revenue department also,
which can only be properly protected by the
perfect cancellation of all stamps used in its
multiplied forms and ramifications. As I have
said, this instrument not only breaks the stamp,
but impregnates it with ink so as to effectually
prevent its reuse; while by the other method,
to wit, the use of iron or hard wood instead of
cork, the ink is placed merely upon the surface
of the stamp, does not penetrate it, and there-
fore does not prevent it from being cleaned
and used again.
Thns it will be seen that the Government is
benefited by this device in two ways: by the
facilitation of its postal business, and by the
protection of its internal revenue interests. As
the report states, and as has been shown by
satisfactory testimony, the use of this instru-
ment wherever applied saves one half the cleri-
cal stamping force which would otherwise have
to be employed ; so that the sum so saved to
the Government during the past four years is
definitely computable and aggregates $800,000;
its use for a term of years within the life of the
patent, even if no greater number of offices in
the land are furnished with the device, will
save the Government millions.
Hence I believe that the amount proposed
by the Senate committee to be paid for the
title and right to use this instrument is not too
much; as a minority of the House committee
to whom the matter was referred such is my
opinion. In fulfillment of a promise I now
yield ten minutes to my colleague on the com-
mittee from Indiana, [Mr. Farquhab.]
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. FERRY. I will do so.
Mr. HILL. I understand that this bill pro-
poses to pay $100,000 for this instrument.
Now, I believe that a former committee of
this House reported $50,000 as a proper
amount to be paid for it; and that the value
of the instrument was estimated by Postmaster
General Dennison at $20,000. Am I correct
in this?
Mr. FERRY. Yes; Postmaster General
Dennison appraised the value at $20,000, with
$13,000 additional as royalty.
Mr. HILL. Then I ask the gentleman to
permit me, at some stage of this bill, to offer
an amendment striking out $100,000, and in-
serting insteaii the sum named by Mr. Den-
nison, $20,000.
Mr. FERRY. I am not willing to open the
question for an amendment of that kind at
present.
Mr. HILL. I do not ask the gentleman to
do it now, but at some time before the bill is
finally disposed of.
Mr. FERRY. I will do that. I now yield
to my colleague, [Mr. Farquhar.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. I am very sorry, Mr.
Speaker, that my friend and associate upon
the committee, having occupied the attention
of the House upon this subject for nearly an
hour, can give me only ten minutes in which
to explain to this House why we should not
pay this large price for this little instrument,
although it is such a wonderful economizer;
for the gentleman's calculation, if carried out
mathematically, will demonstrate that in the
course of from fifty to one hundred years we can
save enough by the use of this canceling-ma-
chine to pay our entire national debt. [Laugh-
ter.] Viewed in this light the machine is cer-
tainly fitly namdft; and it would be interesting
to consider the problem, if one canceling-ma-
chine will save $800,000 in four years, how
many such machines would it take to pay off
the national debt in fifteen years ? [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I desire to consider seriously for a
few minutes this proposition to pay the large
sum of $100,000 to some gentleman who
claims and demonstrates by certificates from
the Post Office Department that his inventive
genius has saved to the Government $800,000
in four years. Notwithstanding this claim and
these certificates, I undertake to say that the
use of that machine has not saved the labor of
more than fifteen men during the time it has
been in use, and does not do so now. I have
most reliable information from a gentleman in
the employ of the Government, in one of the
largest post offices in the country—perhaps the
largest next to that in the city of New York,
I mean Chicago—that three clerks perform the
stamping duties in that office, and that this
canceling-machine saves only the labor of one
clerk there. ,He says that it would save the
labor of one clerk in Boston, one in Philadel-
phia, probably one in Baltimore, one in this
city, and two in New York. And yet this
claimant comes here with his statements and
certificates to show that the use of the ma-
chine in one office has saved us $200,000 a
year.
Sir, the Postmaster General who preceded
the present incumbent of the office reported
$20,000 as the outside limit to which he would
go to meet the demands of this patentee. He
proposed to pay $20,000 for the jiast use of
the stamp and for the right to use without limit
in the future; and he could not be induced to
consent to pay one farthing more for the right
to use the machine; although he was willing
to add $13,000 to make good to this claimant
the expense to which he had been put in estab-
lishing liis right to the patent. We are confi-
dently told by this gentleman and his friends
that this machine is the only one fit to be used,
and that all others are valueless in comparison
with it; and yet it took $13,000 to demonstrate
its superiority to its two or three competitors.
Now, sir, $20,000 was the amount first rec-
ommended by the committee; afterward the
committee were induced, by the representations
made to them that the appropriation was not
only as payment for the use of the stamp for
the last four years, but in consideration of
the continuance of its use for all time to come,
to recommend an appropriation of $50,000, in
order to cover all expenses and to meet all
demands.
But since the committee of this House took
action upon this subject, I think it has come to
the knowledge of the committee this session—
I know it has come to the knowledge of several
members of the committee—that there is an-
other stamp, arival stamp, anewinvention. My
information is that it is a far superior stamp to
the one which it is claimed here the Govern-
ment of the United States should pay $100,000
for.
I am warned by the finger of the dial that I
must hasten to a conclusion. I will ask gen-
tlemen upon this floor to consider for one mo-
ment the object and purpose of this bill. It is
to appropriate $100,000 to pay this man of
profound genius—for what? Forproducingthis
little canceling stamp, substituting in the place
of metal simply a piece of cork, and nothing
else.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was delivered to the House
by Colonel William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, who also informed the House that the
President had approved and signed bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 588) for the relief of
Richard Cheney;
An act (H. R. No. 1154) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under authority of law  and for other
purposes;
