334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
to insist, as I do insist, that Congress have no
powe'r to annex this fundamental condition to
the admission of the people of Nebraska or of
any other Territory as a State. We have not
the .power; it is withheld from us, and very
wisely withheld from us: I shall therefore
vdte against both the amendments, and hope
the bill may be passed in its naked form as it
was reported from the" Committee on Territo-
ries. -
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am in favor of the ad-
mission .of Nebraska, pure and simple, without
conditions'or qualifications. I favored it at
the last session of Congress, and I favored it at
this session, because I believe that under the
previous practice of our Government Nebraska
is' entitled to admission. I believe that the
admission of the State will be a benefit to the
people of that Territory and thus to the peo-
ple of the whole country. I believe I am doing
the best thing I can for the people of that Ter-
ritory in voting for her admission as a State.
It adds to my pleasure in doing this, that by
doing it I can do two other good things, as I
believe them to bo: I can add to the strength
of what I believe to be sound public sentiment
in this Chamber, legitimately and fairly, and
I can add also legitimately and fairly, as I
believe, to the strength and influence in this
Chamber and elsewhere of that part of the
country in which I live.
But 'it is said that we ought not to do this
thing because we voted a few days ago and
yesterday in a particular way touching the
condition of affairs in this District. I cannot
see the force of that reasoning. The Consti-
tution of the United States confers upon us the
government of this District, and in passing
the suffrage bill for this District we did what
we believed to be for the best interests of the
District. I never believed that this District was
created and the control of it given to us for the
purpose of making it an instrument on which
to try experimental legislation. In the State
where I live there arc agreat many people who
believe that the prohibition of the sale of ardent
spirits is jnst as important as the giving of suf-
frage to the blacks in that State. Suppose
that we hero, in legislating for this District,
should deem it to be important to prohibit the
sale of ardent spirits in the District, would that
become a rule by which we should be open to
act when legislating for all the Territories and
for the admission of new States? I cannot
look upon it so. One third of the population
of this District consists of colored people, many
of them wealthy, paying taxes; they were lia-
ble to be oppressed and injured in their prop-
erty, perhaps in their lives, by the white peo-
ple of this District, and therefore it was deemed
best to give them the suffrage. I voted for it
cordially and cheerfully ; but I shall not be at
all embarrassed by that vote in any future
action I may take in regard to any other local-
ity where a different state of affairs obtains.
Again, it is said that we must reject Ne-
braska because the constitution she presents
to us is not republican in form. I confess I
cannot so understand it. It strikes me that, in
view of our past history, that statement is ab-
surd. I think I am right in saying that there
has been no new State admitted into this
Union since its formation, exccpt Vermont
and perhaps Maine,-in whose constitution this
particular exclusion of colored men from vot-
ing has not been inserted. I think the consti-
tution of every one of the new States, except
Vermont and perhaps Maine, has contained
this identical provision. Twenty of the twenty-
six States now composing this Union have the
same provision. Did not the men who pre-
ceded us understand whether a constitution
was republican in form or not? Why did they
admitOhio, or Indiana, or Illinois, or Michigan,
or "Wisconsin, or Minnesota, or Iowa, if they
had not republican constitutions? It is said
we are bound to exclude Nebraska because we
are required to guaranty to each State a re-
publican form of government. Wc have the
power to do that thing, and if the States I
cave named are not republican in form, why
do we not go to work and guaranty republican,
governments to States that already have pro-
visions of this, kind in their constitutions? I
should be glad to know. ' Why is not a pro-
vision brought in here to guaranty to Indiana
a republican form of government if she ha,s
not one to-day? Why is it not done? Why
do not you require us in Iowa to make our
constitution republican in form? You have
power to guaranty to us a republican form of
government. You say we have not a republican
form of government; why do not you give us
one? Why not? I do not know.
. Again, it is said that we may be embarrassed
when we come to act in regard to the lately
rebellious States. Now, sir, I am free to say
that when we come to act upon that subject I
shall be prepared, not only to give the ballot
to every black man there if it be necessary,
but I shall be prepared to exclude from the
ballot very many white men there, and I shall
not be at all embarrassed in doing so by the
vote I shall give upon Nebraska. What is the
condition of affairs in those States? What
must we do? What must we secure in those
States? We must secure the control of those
governments in the hands of loyal men. That
is one thing we must do. What else must we
do? We must see to it that men who have
been on our side through this war are protected
there in person, in property, in life, in liberty.
That we must do. Now, if to do these two
things, or either one of them, it is necessary
to give to every black man in those States the
ballot, I will give it to him. If to do both of
these things, or either one of them, it is neces-
sary to exclude four fifths of the white men
there, I will do that thing. I shall not be at
all embarrassed by the vote I shall give in favor
of Nebraska in doing either one or the other
of those things. Does the same condition of
things obtain in Nebraska I should like to
know? Is there any danger that that State
will pass into the hands of rebels and traitors?
Her sons fought side by side with the sons of
Iowa all through this rebellion, for our flag, and
not for the rebel flag. The men of Iowa went
to Nebraska, and the men of Nebraska came
to Iowa, and they fought side by side through
this war, with equal bravery, and equally well.
Besides, is there any danger that the rights,
the liberties, the property of the loyal men in
Nebraska will be hazarded by giving this con-
stitution to the people of that State? No sir;
and I cannot stand, and I will not stand here
throwing in the teeth of the people of Ne-
braska the foul insult, as I consider it to be,
that they must be treated in a certain way be-
cause forsooth we must treat men who live in
South Carolina in a certain way! They do not
stand upon the same plane. They do not stand
in the same condition. What may be necessary
for one may not bo necessary for the other.
For these reasons, sir, I shall vote for the
bill as it came from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories. If the sense of the Sen-
ate be that either one of these amendments
ought to be added to it, I shall still vote for the
bill; but I cannot vote for either one or the
other of the amendments.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not propose
to argue this question over again, because it has
been so thoroughly investigated and debated
on both the bills for the admission of Nebraska
and Colorado that it seems to me scarcely pos-
sible for anybody to say anything new on the
subject. Indeed I have hardly heard a word in
this debate which was not put forth on several
other occasions. The Senate, by a very large
majority, passed their judgment two or three
times upon this and a kindred question; and I
have not the vanity to believe that if I were to
oppose that deliberate judgment of the Senate
I should have eloquence enough or influence
enough to overturn and reverse it. I was there-
fore in hopes that when this bill again came up
for the decision of the Senate this year, before
identically the same members who passed upon
it at a prior period, we should not have to
waste so much time—no, I will not say waste,
but take so much time for its consideration.
But, sir, there were some things said by the
Senator from Massachusetts to which I feel
bound to reply in some measure, though not
at length. He called this a rebel State and a
rebel constitution 
Mr. ORES WELL. No, he read from a
letter in which that statement was made.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps he read it from a
letter. I heard those words and supposed they
were his own, or if they were not his own that
he adopted them by making use of them in the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Those words were in a let-
ter from a citizen of Nebraska which I read,
directed against the admission of the State at
this moment.
Mr. WADE. I did not see the gentleman
when he was making use of these observations,
but I was very sure that I heard this language
repeated onee or twice, "the rebel constitution
of Nebraska."
Mr. SUMNER. I did not use that language
myself.
Mr. WADE. I suppose not. I should think
nobody here could use it, because this is one
of the most republican and equitable constitu-
tions that I ever read with the exception of this
provision on the single question here in contro-
versy. I am told and believe that it was copied
almost literally from the constitution of Wis-
consin. The draughtsman of it took that con-
stitution, as I am informed-, as the guide and
copied its language and provisions into this, so
that the two are almost identical.
The Senator read, or said without reading,
that this constitution was made by the enemies
of the Government, by Copperheads, or some-
thing like that.
Mr. SUMNER. I read that from a letter;
I made no such statement myself.
Mr. WADE. Then I want to contradict the
impression sought to be made by the letter you
read ; and if you dissented from the sentiment
of the letter you ought not to have read it; or
if you did read it you should have told us that
you utterly dissented from it. That course
would have relieved me from the necessity of
making any observations on it. The fact, as
I am informed, and do not doubt, is that all the
Republican members of the Legislature voted
for this constitution unanimously, and only five
of what are called the Copperhead party and
all the rest of that party voted against it. That
is the way this constitution comes here, by the
will of our friends, those who act with us, those
who are Republicans, those who fought with
us during the war; and it was opposed by the
Democrats who favored the cause of the enemy.
Therefore it has a very good parentage; it
comes from a very respectable source; or at
all events we ought to consider it so, for it
comes from the hands of gentlemen holding
the same doctrines that we hold, endeavoring
to establish the same principles that we under-
take to establish. But it was made at a time
when this particular question had not been so
much agitated as it has been now. Perhaps
there was some little controversy on the subject
when this constitution was adopted, but the
attention of the Legislature does not seem to
have been called to it particularly. They seem
to have followed the usual form. Congress
itself, in the enabling act, had not called any
attention to it. That bill passed here, I be-
lieve, without the criticism of anybody, with-
out the opposition of anybody so far as I can
remember. All seemed to be agreed that these
people might come into the Union upon the
same terms that other States had formerly
come in.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me to
remind him- there that he is a little in error.
There was this new condition inserted for the
first time on this occasion, that their constitu-
tion should not be repugnant to the principles
of the Declaration of Independence. I voted
for that myself.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I believe that it is
not repugnant to the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence as understood at all times
since that instrument was made. The contem-
