1098
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
The President of the United States in his
annual message recommends that "Congress
should hasten to bring legislation within the
boundaries prescribed by the Constitution."
He grossly charges the Congress of the United
States with unconstitutional legislation. The
people of this country have passed upon that
slandered legislation ; they have given it their
sanction, and have announced at the ballot-
box their determination to abide by and en-
force it. That is the answer, the sufficient
and conclusive answer by Congress to the
charge of unconstitutional legislation.
Bat how does the matter stand with regard
to the accuser ? How does the matter stand
■with regard to the President himself, who makes
against Congress this charge of unconstitutional
legislation? Let him show where he gets the
authority to enter into conferences, secret or
public, with the late leaders of the rebellion, to
arrange terms for the settlement of this ques-
tion. Let him put his finger upon that part
of the Constitution which authorizes his inter-
meddling with it at all, except merely to ex-
press his approval or disapproval of the acts
which may be pas'sed by Congress. Yet, sir,
the extraordinary condition of affairs to which
I have alluded exists, in which, notwithstand-
ing the people have decided upon and ratified
the plan of Congress, namely, the adoption of
the constitutional amendment proposed at the
last session as a prerequisite to restoration,
the President persists in his negotiations with
those who were lately the public and armed
enemies of the country.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. THAYER. I cannot yield now; my
time is brief, alid I have promised to give a
portion of it to other gentlemen who desire to
speak.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Only a question.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman must excuse
me. I must insist upon being allowed to pro-
ceed without any interruption.
Now, Mr. Speaker, X am in favor of this
measure, because I believe it is calculated to
lift this great question out of that sluggish
slough into which it has fallen by reason of
the conduct of the President of the United
.States in sotting himself up in opposition to
the will of the people upon this subject. Wo
proposed one measure of reaonslruction. The
President opposed it, although he had 110 con-
stitutional authority or power to interfere. The
question, therefore, remains not only unsettled,
out apparently as far removed from settlement
as it was at the adjournment of the last ses-
sion. The President continues his machina-
tions and his consultations; tho rebellious
States continue obdurate and defiant; Congress
remains passive and inactive, and the country
is as far as ever from the security and repose
which it demands.
We have adopted no measures which furnish
even an initial point from which to start afresh
in the settlement of the question at issuo,
which,-if it over be settled, must be settled
here, for only hero can laws be made for the
Government of tho United States. Tho meas-
ure under consideration proposes to grasp the
control of this great question, and to hold on
to it, until it is finally determined and settled
upon such terms as shall bo agreeable to the
people of the United States, acting by their
chosen Representatives in Congress. We will
not submit to enter into treaty as equals with
those who brought on the war, with those who
initiated and brought upon the country the
endless and innumerable calamities which fol-
low in the train of tho war.
Without regard to any question of political
casuistry, turning upon the question of States
in the Union or States out of the Union, one
thing let gentlemen depend upon, that the
people, who do not appreciate these fine meta-
physical distinction®, will and do insist that this
question shall be settled, not by the rebellious
States, not by the President of the United
States, but by their own immediate Represent-
atives, and upon such terms as they the people
may through those Representatives dictate to
a subdued and beaten enemy.
Sir, nobody I suppose regards this bill as a
reconstruction bill. It is not a reconstruction
bill; but it is a bill the effect of which will be
to assert within the rebel States the authority
and supremacy of the United States. It is a
bill which will convince those people that they
must submit to such terms as the loyal people
of the United States through their Represent-
atives in this body may choose to propound,
.and not to such terms as they may beg or buy
from the President of the United States. It is
of no consequence to this body what the Pres-
ident of the United States thinks upon this
subject. This question is removed from his
jurisdiction by the Constitution. It is a ques-
tion above and beyond him. He has nothing
to do with it. It belongs here. It is the peo-
ple's question, and belongs to us as the agents
and immediate Representatives of the peo-
ple.
The bill under consideration proposes to
assert the presence and the living power of the
United States in the region which ^as lately
the scene of tho rebellion. It does not pro-
pose, as I understand it, to do away with the
focal governments, to abolish the courts,
(whether they have been established lawfully or
unlawfully,) to reduce the people of that sec-
tion, as lias been said, to subjection to mili-
tary despotism ; but it proposes to erect there
an appellate power, strong and irresistible, to
which the down-trodden and persecuted Union
men of the South may appeal from the injustice
and tho outrage of their enemies and perse-
cutors. It proposes to enforce everywhere in
tho southorn States the authority of the Uni"
tod States. It proposes to protect all men
there in the enjoyment of their inalienable
rights, and it proposes to do this by this means
only until such laws can bo made and such
arrangements consummated as will place the
future safety and peace of the country upon
immovable foundations, and secure permanent
protection and immunity from wrong to the
loyal men in that region, who are now subjected
to persecutions and wrongs for which they have
no redress and against which they have no
shield. No one contemplates that this shall be
a permanent measure. It is of a temporary
character and is demanded by present exigen-
cies. Its object and aim is to guaranty present
protection and equal justice to the Union men
of the South. It is to prevent assassination,
murder, robbery, arson, banishment, and all
that long catalogue of cruelties to which tho
Union men and the freedmen of the South are,
as is shown by overwhelming evidence adduced
before the committee which reported this bill,
subjected, without remedy and without redress.
It is impossible that we shall abandon them
any longer to the cruel fate to which they have
been subjected. This bill proposes to extend
to them the only protection which we can at
present give them. It proposes to protect them
by tho strong arm of power until they shall be
protected by equal laws and just and impartial
tribunals.
Beyond this, the bill proposes no "oppres-
sion." If it bo "oppression" to guaranty
universal liberty and equality under the law,
and to afford protection to those who have for
their true allegiance been driven from their
homes and many of whom have shed their
blood in the cause of the Union, then this is
oppressive. It is not oppressive in any other
sense.
Sir, when the authority of the United States
is once firmly established in that region, and,
when it is understood throughout the length
and breadth of that country that the United
States will protect from outrage all its citizens
there, and that this question of reconstruction
is to be determined and settled by the body to
whom it belongs—by the Congress of the^Uni-
ted States, and when that is acquiesced in, as
it must be acquiesced in before any reconstruc-
tion can take place, the way to reconstruction
will be swift and sure. But it is a point from
which we can begin. The question is as it
were, through the course being pursued by the
President, floating away from us. We must
reclaim it. We must lay hands upon it; and
we must, in the name and on behalf of the loyal
people of this country, hold on to it until it is
settled upon our terms and at our dictation.
Sir, this measure will be of brief duration .
and will be followed, as I am informed, by other
measures, which will secure the permanent and
peaceful restoration of these States to their
proper and just position in the Union, upon
their acceptance of such terms as are neces-
sary for the future security of the country.
When that is done, and when order is restored
and permanent protection is guarantied to all
citizens in that section of the country, this
measure will be abrogated and abandoned.
In the reconstruction which is to ensue it is
not intended to ask them to accept anything
which we will not accept ourselves. The same
law, the same rights, the same powers, which
belong to us will belong to them. We shall
not seek to make one law for tliem and another
law for ourselves. But we intend, at the proper
time, when the authority of Congress to settle
this question is once recognized, and when equal
justice and equal protection is secured to all,
to propose such terms as will insure uniform
liberty, uniform justice, and uniform protec-
tion throughout the length and breadth of the
whole land.
Mr. Speaker, I yield for ten minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I cordially accord with those gentlemen who
have expressed their approval of the purposes
and objects of the bill now before the House.
I represent a constituency who are second to no
constituency in this Union in their devotiou to
the cause of the Union and the cause of free-
dom, and in their firm determination that, cost
whatever it may of treasure or of blood, they
will maintain the rights of the citizens of the
United States against lawlessness and crime.
Those are the declared objects of this bill.
I do not deem it necessary—I regard it ns
worse than useless—to discuss the issue of fact
upon which depends the conclusion that there
is a necessity for the passage of this bill. Prom
all quarters the evidence is satisfactory to my
mind that during the last two years this Con-
gress has been derelict in respect to measures
which should give protection to the faithful
men of the late rebellious States, the men who
struggled along with us, and who suffered more
than us for the preservation of the Union.
The practical effect of this measure, if
adopted without the least amendment, places
us, in my opinion, whore we were at that
period, since the death of the lamented Lin-
coln, when the policy of protecting the Union
men of the South was departed from. For
more than a year, if my recollection is correct,
and I think for a year and a half, after the
termination of hostilities before Richmond and
the surrender of all the martial forces of the
enemy, we held jurisdiction and authority over
the entire South by military power. It is true,
sir, whether we were conquerors or not, we
had control to assert the jurisdiction,' the con-
stitutional authority of the United States in
the exercise of the war power. This bill pro-
poses nothing more, nothing less.
If it were proper to maintain the power of
the President over those States for so long a
period, how is this measure so fatal to liberty
now ? If there is an officer in the service, the
civil service so called, if there is a court there
exercising jurisdiction relative to the rights of
the people,- it is all done under the authority,
express or implied, of this Congress. As the
congueror by sufferance we have recognized
the acts of these courts. However illegally
constituted as civil government, still by,suffer-
ance we have rccognized them: and whenever
the conqueror chooses their municipal regula-
tions can be wiped out and the local institu-
tions removed. These local governments can
be removed and ought to be removed. They
ought to have been removed long ago. _ Out
of regard to proper protection to loyal citizens
