1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
the use of the patent is to be measured by the
cheapness of the machine. When the machine
is so simple, and to be obtained at so small a
price, I ask whether it is not the more val-
uable ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But why
should the Government pay $100,000 for a
patent right when for $1,500 they can get all
the use of it that it needs ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. The Government has no
more right to use this patented article than this
patentee has to use any other patented article
without paying for it.
Mr. I IXCK. I wish to ask whether any-
body uses this canceling stamp except the
Government of the United States?
Mr. GRISWOLD. It is only available for
the purposes of the Government.
Mr. FERRY. How many minutes have I
left?
The SPEAKER. Eleven minutes.
Mr. PERRY. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Gkinnell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. This is an acquaintance
I made some three years ago in the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. There is
no question about its being a valuable inven-
tion, but it does not become us to make a cal-
culation based on the foundation of my friend
from Michigan. The price we are to pay is
not to be established by the time and money
saved. We might as well go into a calculation
of the time and money saved by the steam-
engine, and therefore say it shall all go to the
benefit of the inventor. ' There are subsequent
inventions which make the first one better
and more useful. This invention, as I have
said, is a valuable one ; but I believe it is un-
contradicted that another invention has re-
cently come before the country which may
entirely supersede it.
Shall we go back and inquire into the par-
ticulars of the worthiness of an invention by
the dollars and cents saved? We cannot do
it. We are to pay tribute to genius, we are to
reward inventions so far as we can, but we are
not to form any estimate based upon such cal-
culations.
It was proposed three years ago to pay some
thirty thousand dollars. That was the recom-
mendation of a friend of the patentee. But
the claim has grown to be worth from fifty to
one hundred thousand dollars. I maintain
that it has no such value to the American peo-
ple. It becomes us, however, to decide what
is fair and reasonable. Let the claim, there-
fore, go to the Committee of Claims for adjust-
ment.
Mr. FERRY. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. I seek the floor for the pur-
pose of making only one remark, and then mak-
ing an inquiry. I wish to say that I differ entirely
as to this case, and all other cases, from those
who affirm that the measure of value is what
an invention may have saved to the public.
That would be an extraordinary rule of dam-
ages, I submit, before any tribunal in which
justice is administered. I would like to know
how rcroch McCormick's i eaper would be worth
at this day if it were to be prized at the sum
which as a labor-saving machine it has saved
to the toiling millions of this nation ? And
the same question might be asked with regard
to the sewing-machine, as well as many other
useful inventions.
But I rose more especially for another pur-
pose. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kas-
son] administered the Post Office Department
in the days when this machine had its rise and
progress. I would like to hear from him some-
thing which would reconcile this conflict of
judgment as to the amount which Congress
ought to pay. I know but little about this,
and would like for one to vote for whatever
sum is just. I think if the gentleman from
Iowa would favor us with his views it would
probably tend to enlighten us on the subject,
although I am not aware what his views are.
Mr. KASSON. I do not wish to take the
floor without the consent of the gentleman in
charge of the bill. If he is willing I will make
a brief statement without any argument.
Mr. CONKLING. How much time has the
gentleman from Michigan left?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes ; at the end
of which he must demand the previous ques-
tion or surrender the floor to some other gen-
tleman.
Mr. FERRY. I will yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. KASSON. The application for the adop-
tion of this improvement was made, I believe,
during my connection with the Post Office De-
partment. I deemed it a useful invention, a
labor-saving invention. The amount recom-
mended, however, by the Senate committee
surprised, I may say alarmed me. I regard it
as largely in excess of a just claim, and as
resting upon figures which a very brief exam-
ination will show to be erroneous. From what
source those figures came I know not, only I
am certain that my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Ferry] is not responsible for them.
It is claimed that it saves the labor of two
hundred and fifty clerks, and the estimated
saving of expense drew from the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Farquhar] a statement as
to the probability of its canceling the na-
tional debt. The fact is the entire amount of
stamps sold in 1864 was three hundred and
thirty-four millions, and in I860 three hundred
and forty-seven million five hundred thou-
sand. This invention, it is claimed, will can-
cel forty-five letters a minute ; it would there-
fore cancel two thousand seven hundred an
hour, or twenty-seven thousand in a day of
ten hours, or nine million seven hundred and
twenty thousand a year. Fifteen clerks, there-
fore, would cancel one hundred and forty-five
millions, and thirty clerks nearly the entire
amount of the stamps that have been sold annu-
ally, estimated upon that basis. Making as large
allowance as you please, and it would appear
that with this instrument in universal use
some fifty clerks could easily cancel all the
stamps that are placed annually upon the let-
ters dropped in the post offices of the country.
So it will appear from this calculation to be
absolutely impossible that it saves the labor
of two hundred and fifty clerks in this one kind
of labor. It is simply an impossibility upon
the figures.
Now, when you remember that a stamp is
not delivered by the Postmaster General to all
the post offices of the country, that all the
rural offices are without it, and that in numer-
ous offices the stamp is canceled with a pen,
it will appear, of course, that the estimate
must be exaggerated. Still, the invention is of
essential use in the larger offices of the coun-
try, does save the labor of a number of clerks,
and I suppose the Postmaster General was
nearer correct as to what would be an equita-
ble estimate of the obligation on the part of
the United States than the committee of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether any sum has ever been
fixed by way of stipulation or proposition on
behalf of anybody authorized to represent the
claimant?
Mr. KASSON. Not during my knowledge
of the facts. The party was anxious for the
adoption of the invention by the Department,
and wished it to be placed on trial. It was
put on trial, and I have an impression, not
definite enough, however, to justify a prejudice
of his claim, that a sum less than that recom-
mended by the Postmaster General would have
been accepted at the time it was proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. How much?
Mr. KASSON. I do not wish to venture a
statement, because my memory is not definite.
If it was I would give it.
Mr. FERRY. 1 would reply, so far as time
is allowed me, to the implication that I have
drawn upon my imagination for figures, as
would seem to have been indicated by my col-
league. I hold in my hand a certified state-
ment signed by the Postmaster in this city, to-
gether with his assistants and stamping clerks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will occupy
the time of the House but a very few moments.
I think I can make this case perfectly clear if
the House will give me its attention.
Nearly all the gentlemen who have spoken
upon this question have made misstatements.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] who
administered the Post Office Department with so
much credit to himself and advantage to the
country, is certainly mistaken in some of his
statements. He has stated that not more than
thirty or forty clerks would be employed, when
we have the authentic statement from the
Department, from Postmaster Dennison, that
two hundred and fifty clerks were employed
something less than a year ago.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I stated that upon the basis that is
claimed in this report as to the saving of the
machine not over fifty clerks would do all the
work.
Mr. ALLEY. I am very glad this discus-
sion has arisen, for this is a case of more im-
portance than appears upon its face. I regard
it for one as a most monstrous proposition to
ask Congress to give to the claimants $125,000,
for that is the claim they have made upon Con-
gress. Now, I have received a letter from the
claimant, in which he informs me that if I will
vote for the bill that has come from the Senate,
and so consent to grant him $100,000 for his
patent, he will withdraw his suit from the Court
of Claims which he now has, in which he lays
the damages at $400,000, and feels quite sure,
he says, that he shall obtain a judgment from
that court in the sum of $200,000. He appeals
to me, believing me to be in the interest of the
Government, to consent that this bill shall pass
the House giving him $100,000 as the easiest,
best, and most economical settlement that the
Government can make of the claim which he
has presented.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague allow me to ask whether it is true
that only about two hundred and fifty of these
machines are used, which cost but six dollars
apiece ?
Mr. ALLEY. The Government has less
than one thousand in use at the present time.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask my colleague
this question : whether as a matter of business
the Post Office Committee took into considera-
tion the suggestion made by my colleague four
years ago, that they could have all the machines
they wanted for five dollars apiece, amounting
to five hundred or a thousand.
Mr. ALLEY. I will come to that if my
colleague will allow me to go on and state the
facts of the case just as they are, and the
House I think will then understand the whole
merits of the case. This case was presented
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and we gave it a most thorough invest-
igation. We received from Mr. Dennison,
Postmaster General at that time, a communi-
cation, in which he advised a settlement upon
this basis : that $20,000 should be paid for the
patent and all the rights and privileges under
it, and in addition thereto the sum of twelve
thousand and some odd dollars, which had
been expended by these parties in suits at law,
as I understood it, encouraged by the Depart-
ment, in order to test the validity of the claim
to the patent. The validity of this claim. I
believe, was fully established, and upon that
ground the Postmaster General recommended
the addition of the $12,000, making the whole
sum $32,000 in round numbers.
Now, it seemed tome that that was to the full-
est extent all that should be allowed, $32.00J.
Upon a full and thorough investigation of this
case—and no case was ever presented to a com-
mittee which received a more thorough investi-
gation than this did—in my judgment that was
the largest sum that should be allowed. I fully
agreed with the Postmaster General that thai
was to the fullest extent all the allowance that
should be made.
