1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
poraneous construction of it, that which has
been followed, by courts and public men and
Legislatures in all the States, and by Congress,
has been the construction-whiehthe makers of
this constitution followed. If they erred, they
erred in company with all the statesmen who
had preceded them. It was never before sup-
posed that a State was not republican because
itexcluded certain classes from the right to vote.
Mr. SUMNER.- My friend does not seem to
be aware of the new words that were introduced
in this enabling act; they were not words re-
quiring a republican government, but requiring
that the constitution should not be repugnant
to the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. These words were introduced for
the first time, as I understand, in the enabling
act for Nebraska, and I think also for Colorado.
Mr. WADE. I do not know whether this
was so or not; but I suppose there never was a
constitution that was framed for our approval
that was not supposed by Congress, when they
acted upon it, to be in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States and with
their understanding of the Declaration of In-
dependence. I do not believe any man has
ever voted for the adoption of a constitution
for a State when he believed that it conflicted
with the principles of those great fundamental
instruments. 1 never did, and I do not think
anybody ever did. I do not think those words,
if they were inserted for the first time in this
enabling act, meant any more than the act
would have meant if they had not been in-
serted. They were a caution to us not to
violate this instrument, and to legislate as all
our predecessors had heretofore legislated upon
this subject. I do not deny that I should like
the constitutions of Nebraska and Colorado
better if they contained no such exclusion as
the Senator speaks of; but nevertheless, when
he talks of their not being in conformity to the
Constitution of the United States, because they
are not republican in form, I must say that, if
that be so. I do not know of any State con-
stitution that is republican. Is it any more
an ti-republican to exclude the colored people
than it is to exclude all the female portion of
your population? When you come to make
exclusion a test, you cannot get a republican
constitution anywhere. Has not a female this
inalienable right that you talk about, and is it
not tyranny and anti-republican, and everything
that is bad ana abominable, to deny the suf-
frage to all females? How do you exclude one
half of your population without a thought to
the contrary, and then insist that such a con-
stitution will be made all right and republican
by letting in a few colored voters? Your test
will not bear scrutiny ; such a test of repub-
licanism will not answer.
I suppose that the constitution here proposed
is, according to the ideas of American states-
men, republican in form, and I believe so
because it has the sanction of all those who
have gone before us ; because no one hereto-
fore has ever questioned the republicanism of
a constitution like this.
I wish now to say a word about the insinua-
tions which have been made by the Senator
from Massachusetts against my position, as
though I had changed it in some way. Sir, it
would be exceedingly strange if a man, after
having been as long in the councils of the
nation as I have been, after having gone
through such a terrible warfare—fori have seen
nothing else since I have been in Congress for
sixteen years past—after having battled for
equal rights to the utmost of my capacity during
the whole period, should all at once, without '
any motive in God's earth, change round and
desert all those principles. That is the insinu-
ation. Let it go for what it is worth.
Sir, I have some little confidence in the peo-
ple of Nebraska and Colorado ; the Senator has
none. He says that I spoke of the lenity which
ought to be extended to these people. I said
no such thing. Leniiy is not the word. They
ask for no lenity. They only ask to be per-
mitted to do that which you told them they
might do. You said to them that if they would
form a constitution as other States had done,
and come here and present it, they should be
admittedjustastheotherStateshadbeen. That
is all they ask of you. They ask not a particle
of lenity. I would not extend any lenity to
anybody where a principle was at stake. They
barely ask you to live up to the agreement you
made. You say, however, that they did not
perform iton their part, and thus you undertake
to escape it. How was that? You fixed a
certain day-when they should meet andjperform
'their part of the agreement. They did Hot meet
on that day, but they met on another day, and
did substantially what you asked of them. That
was not a difference which was any departure
in substance from your enabling act. It was
the mere ghost of a form which they violated.
It was inconvenient for them to effect what was
desired on the very day named. It was not
named as a condition, on failure to comply
with which their action should be void; but it
was merely a direction by Congress that the
thing should be done on or about such a time,
the particular day not being important. It was
a bare direction; not a condition-precedent.
Now, you undertake to give the narrow con-
struction that it failed altogether, because ac-
tion was not had on the particular day named.
I doubt whether ever a constitution was formed
on the very day named by Congress. But these
technicalities, these mere ghosts that you in-
terpose between these people and the rights
you have awarded to others, it seems to me, are
not statesmanlike. If you were defending a
man on an indictment for murder such a
shadow would hardly avail him; and yet as a
statesman you object to the formation of a
State constitution that is good in all other re-
spects, because it was not made on the very day
that Congress said the people might make it.
I do not think that is good logic or good law.
Now, Mr. President, why is it that I stand
here the advocate for the 'admission of this
State into the Union when I have, as the
Senator says, been generally the advoeate of
equal rights, and have insisted very much on
justice? I will tell the Senator that it is be-
cause, when I consider the condition in which
the country is, and when I look to the terrible
conflict that lies right ahead of us, I feel dis-
posed to arm myself and be equipped with all
the forces that are legitimately within my power.
The Senator from Wisconsin said yesterday that
he once voted for the admission of this State,
because he thought we wanted to be reenforced
by the principles that these men knocking at
your doors are actuated by, as helpmates to
carry out the great doctrines that we are en-
deavoring to establish. Sir, it was a good idea.
Now he says, however, that the clouds have
passed by and all is fair weather, and there will
be in the future no necessity for any reenforce-
ments.
Mr. HOWE. Permit ase to say to the Sen
ator that I did not admit that I was seeking for
re'enforcements of principles. I acknowledged
that I was seeking for reinforcements of votes
to enforce those principles; but I said that we
had got votes enough now.
Mr, WADE. I think I did not misappre-
hend the gentleman. He did not want any
new principle, but he wanted forces sufficient
to carry our principles out against all opposi-
tion. So do I; but how he could come to the
conclusion that we shall not want any rein-
forcements I am unable to say. When he
gave the vote to which he referred, had the
Supreme Court of the United States made a
decision which lets loose upon all the Union
men of the South the bloodhounds of those
rebellious, unrestricted States, and denies the
right of the military power to protect them?
Did he know then that two of the departments
of this Government, or perhaps, more properly
speaking, one of its departments and the exec-
utive branch of the whole, had turned in with
the adversary and were ready now to abet his
cause? I tell you, sir, you want reinforce-
ments, in prospect too, such as you ever did,
to establish and carry out your principles.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say that at the
time I cast that vote in favor of the admission
of Colorado the -Supreme Court had not made
any such decision as is referred to by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I beg leave to say further,
however, that in spite of any decision that the
Supreme Court has made, if bloodhounds have
any of our friends by the throat in any of these
lately rebellious communities, and still rebel-
lious communities, the fault is with the Con-
gress of the United States, and not with the
Supreme Court, because there are here in both
these Houses duly accredited representatives
of the loyal party of the nation, sufficient, in
spite of the President and in spite of the Su-
preme Court, to place over all our friends in
every one of those communities a government
springing from this authority, responsible to
this authority and to this authority alone.
Mr. WADE. Very well, suppose that is so,
there are enough in numbers; but yet you are
in default. I want to reenforce you with some
that will make no default; I want to being you
soldiers that will not shrink from any respon-
sibility ; and such are knocking at your doors
to-day. They are not the limping sort that will
leave your friends in peril. If Congress is de-
linquent, it is because you have not these rtj'eti-
forcements that I want to bring here. .If the
Senator from Wisconsin stood by his original
reasoning and found Congress not sufficient in
courage, in nerve, in resolution to do that which
they ought to do for the protection of their
friends in the southern States, he ought to be
as eager to reenforce them by proper soldiery,
if I may so speak, as he was when he gave Ms
former vote.
Mr. HOWE. If my friend will indulge me in
one more word I shall be glad to say that when
he was talking of reinforcements I supposed
he was talking of the expediency of adding to
our numbers more of the same kind.
Mr. WADE. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE. If he means to say that here
is an opportunity to bring in some men of a
better kind, that is a new proposition, and it
is one that 1 have not yet considered fully, and
I do not know exactly upon what evidence to
determine that question if I am called upon to
consider it.
Mr. WADE. I determine it upon the evi-
dence the gentleman himself presents. I did
not say that Congress were insufficient to the
duties we were called upon to perform; but
when I stated that the executive officer of the
United States and a coordinate branch of the
Government had departed from us, the Senator
got up and told us that they were not to blame,
but that the trouble was in our own body, not
being sufficient to give that protection which
the time and the occasion required. So he
furnished me the evidence ; it is not my asser-
tion, but his. If he is right in what he has
said, we certainly do want reinforcements of a
different character from somebody that is here.
1 do not accuse anybody, but I take the Sen-
ator at what he himself has put forth. I do
not know of any such men here who are defi-
cient in the way he seems to suppose; I do not
believe that wo have them, for I am disposed
to believe that the difficulty rests with others
and not with us; although I believe that, by
a bold, determined performance of our duty,
we have the remedy in our own hands still;
and I want to make sure that, if the remedy
must be here, we shall have force enough to
look down all opposition and see to it that
there shall be no doubt that the Republic shall
stand unharmed. I will not say that our force
to guard these principles is sufficient when,
upon the good old doctrines upon which w«
have ahva\s acted, I can immensely reenforce
this body. I will leave nothing to doubt that
I can make certain in this emergency. I think
it is the business of the statesman to overlook
these little small technicalities which gentle-
men argue about in this body. They make a
great fuss about the word "white" in a con-
stitution ofa State where there are no blacks—
where the question is a simple abstraction. I
should be glad to see this difference smoothed
down as well as any one; but I will not sacri-
