336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 8,
floe this Republic to-the ghost of a technicality,
when, by following the track beaten by our
forefathers from the origin of the Government
to this time, we can do an act which will be so
beneficial in its results. I think that, when I
stan4 on that ground in demanding this reen-
forcement I am on a- pretty* solid foundation.
Now, Mr. President, 3 tjiink that a little con-
fidence, not lenity," igdire to the people of Ne-.
braska. You a.re not at liberty to suppose that,
even if you give: them the potfrer, they will act
ths tyrant. That has not been their habit; that
has not been their conduct. They fought the
common enemy side by side with us, and, ac-
cording to their numbers, I am told and believe
that no State in this Union furnished-a larger
proportion of efficient soldiery for the great
cause of the war than did the Nebraskians,
who some seemed to suppose are going to act
the tyrant if you give them the power of a
State. Sir, if the specimens of men whom they
have sent here to represent them be a true cri-
terion by which to judge of their merits, you
are most uncharitable when you suggest that if
these men have the right to exclude the blacks
from the ballot they will do it. I tell yo(i nay,
sir. The road to universal freedom and equality
is in elevating these just men and placing them
in positions where they can exert influence
against this evil of which you complain. I tell
you that you will reach universal suffrage quicker
through this magistracy being admitted here
than you will by the rejection or the alteration
of the constitution which Nebraska has pre-
sented. For this reason, without remitting one
jot or tittle of all the vigilance and power that
I could ever exert in favor of human rights, I
?o beyond technicalities on this occasion, and
look to the great events that may be before
us. I know, and feel assured, that the way to
equality for the few blacks there may be in Ne-
braska will be hewed out quicker by the admis-
sion of the State than by its exclusion. If,
after all the expense and trouble these people
have been at to comply with your own terms,
you turn the cold shoulder upon them and
throw them back, I do not know what the con-
sequence may be. I do not doubt,_ however,
that that same patriotism for which they have
always stood conspicuous would overcome any
feeling of resentment at your intolerance, and
that they would still be as patriotic as ever, but
I do not like to put human nature to this test.
They have done all that you asked of them; they
have come nobly up and agreed to relieve you
from the burden oftheir government, askingthat
they may have it in their own hands, to mold
and modify their own institutions in a way that
we cannot understand here.
You all know how eager every territorial
community is to become a State. Why is it?
It is because when we at a great distance un-
dertake to rule them we cannot understand
their wants as they understand them them-
selves. There are a thousand things necessary
in a new State just coming into existence,
thousands of cares and troubles to be relieved,
that we of the old States at a great distance
off do not take the same view of that they do.
In other words, they can better govern them-
selves than we can govern them. The people
of Nebraska wish to take the burden of a State
government upon themselves and relieve us
from it. They have shown themselves perfectly
able and capable to do it. They are rich
enough; they have the power to do it; they
have the will to do it; and why should we wish
to retain a jurisdiction over them at great ex-
pense ard trouble to ourselves, when they can
better conduct their own affairs in their own
way ?
It is for these reasons that I favor their
admission, and not because I am opposed to
colored suffrage. I am as much in favor of
colored suffrage as the Senator from Massachu-
setts or anybody else ; but I do not believe the
narrow view which he has taken upon this great
subject will result in that meed of liberty and
equality to the black man that the course
which I pursue will in my judgment secure.
Of course I judge only for myself; but such has
been the judgment of a large majority of the_
Senate upon deliberation. I know well thati
those members of this body who have con-
stantly voted for the admission of Colorado
and Nebraska have done so with no desire to
repudiate the great principles of universal
equality. There are no stronger sticklers for
this great right than this majority who have
voted over and over again for the admission of
these States. Shall they be branded as men
who ha®!-abandoned the principle of equality,
and sHau it be said that they are not up to the
elevated position to which we seek to bring the
nation up?
Sir, such a judgment will not stand before
the American people, and your cause would
be most hopeless if the views of the majority
were as illiberal as these arguments would seem
to persuade us that they were. Sir, I should
have little hope if I judged this majority as
some of the minority judge them; but, in my
judgment, the rights of the colored people and
the rights of all men are as safe in the hands
of the majority who have voted for the admis-
sion of these States as with any men on God's
earth. They are gentlemen of intelligence,
gentlemen of great experience in statesman-
ship, who have had their minds turned to this
subject for a great while; and they vote to
admit these States into the Union. Is it there-
fore to be said that they have abandoned their
principles? The idea is ridiculous. They judge
as I do that the true course is to fortify our-
selves by the power of these Territories, and
to elevate their magistracy so that their influ-
ence shall be potential at home to do away
with the ghost of an objection raised here, and
I know the object will be accomplished in that
way more quickly than in any other.
A word now as to this amendment. When
the question was argued on a former occasion,
I did not anticipate that any such amendment
would be offered. It took me entirely by sur-
prise when it was first presented, and I had to
marshal such views of the law as I could on
the spur of that occasion, without reverting to
any authorities, or even to the precedents
formed by the constant legislation of this coun-
try. It struck me at the time that it could not
be well maintained as aconstitutionalprovision,
and I did argue that I thought it would be a
restriction on these States which was applied
to no other States, and that, therefore, it could
not be done. That was just a dictum without
reflection, on the spur of the occasion. I con-
fess that when the books are produced; when
the constant practice of this Government is
brought here on the floor of the Senate and all
in accordance with the view taken by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, it is impossible for me to
believe that the constant practice of the Gov-
ernment from the earliest period was uncon-
stitutional and wrong. It does not differ at all
that I can see from the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont. I am compelled,
therefore, to believe that we may safely ingraft
a condition upon the admission of these States
just such as we all would wish, and, as I be-
lieve, without violation of the Constitution. I
yield the loose opinion that I gave when the
question first came up, as the authorities that
have been produced, and the practice of the
Government from the earliest times, are against
it. Believing the thing can be done, no man
is more zealous that it should be than am I. I
should like to see it done, and, therefore, un-
less authorities and law can be brought here in
support of an opposing doctrine, so as to con-
vince me that the Constitution is involved in
it, I shall vote for that amendment, and hope
it will be carried, and made a part and parcel of
the constitution, or, whether it is made part
of the constitution or not, a valid condition on
which they shall be admitted. They will not
complain of it. I know very well, as a matter
of fact, as I suppose everybody does, that the
question never will be tested by that people,
who are now as much in favor of equal suf-
frage, I presume, as we are, or anybody else.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say one word
just at this point in the honorable Senat.oi s
argument. I wish to a?k him whether he be-
lieves it to be a constitutional -principle that
Congress may insert such an amendment as
has been offered by the Senator from Vermont,
that is to say, a perpetual condition restrain-
ing the people of the State of Nebraska, after
she has been admitted into the Union, from
regulating t,ho suffrage of her people ? I admit
that a condition-precedent may be enacted,
but not one which is to have an ex post facto
operation.
Mr. WADE. That was my trouble before,
Mr. President. I do not believe we can make
or adopt any constitution for them which the
people of Nebraska may not change if they
call a convention and see fit to do it. I think,
however, that the condition mentioned in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont would be just as valid and irrevokable as
any other part and parcel of that constitution;
for if the suffrage had not been limited to white
persons, does the Senator contend that the
State, after you had admitted her, could not
call a convention and restrict it to white per-
sons or females or anybody .else ? It is just
as strong, as valid, and as certain as any other
provision in the constitution in my judgment.
Mr. HOWARD. I infer from the honora-
ble gentleman's remarks that he thinks this is
not a perpetual condition, and that the people
of the State, after they have become a State
under their constitution may repeal it and set
it aside. That is by no means the idea of the
honorable Senator from Vermont. Ileinsists,
as he expresses it in his amendment, that this
restriction shall be perpetual and fundamental.
Mr. WADE. That language is well enough
in an instrument of this kind, but I suppose,
as a matter of fact, like any other provision in
their constitution, which is not a matter of
compact between the Government of the Uni-
ted States and the State, they may call a con-
vention and change it. They may change any
clause of their constitution they please, pro-
vided they do not make it anti-republican, and
this among the rest. While I contend that it
is just as valid and as lasting and everlasting
as any other provision of their constitution,
still the whole of it is subject to modification
and change like everything else, at the will of
the majority of that people changing their con-
stitution.
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will par-
don me, let me call his attention to another
clause in the amendment which he promises
to vote for:
And if any person or persons shall, contrary to
this section, in any manner abridge or prevent the
exercise of such right 
Mr. WADE. That is not in the amendment
now, and is no part of it. It has been modi-
fied by leaving that out.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware of that.
Then let me say another word. The gentle-
man from Vermont treats this as a convention,
as a compact between the people of the State
of Nebraska and Congress, never to be
repealed, altered, or revoked at all without the
consent, of course, of both the parties to this
fundamental compact. Such was the explan-
ation he gave other day, if I recollect aright
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Michi-
gan does not state my position correctly by any
means. I treated it as a law of the United
States which Congress passes under the Con-
stitution authorizing it' to pass the law, and
being thus passed, it is the paramount law of
the land, above the constitution of Nebraska,
or above any act which her people can affect
or change. It may be also, in addition to
that, in a certain, limited, and technical sense,
in the nature of a compact, just as an ordinary
charter of incorporation to a private corpora-
tion is, in a certain sense, a compact when they
accept that charter and act upon it. But so
far as any force or power that we have over it
is concerned, I contend that we derive it from
our constitutional power to pass the law, and
it being a law, the constitution of Nebraska,
the action of its people, has no effect upon it
whatever. That, therefore, Mr. President, is
