THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
it is only (he employment of the armies of the'
United States as a mere police force to- preserve
order until we can establish civil governments,
based upon the loyal suffrages of the people
there, that'I can support this measure at all.
If nt stood by itself and were designed to be
permanent I could not, with my notions of the
possibility and the practicability of establishing
civil governments iii the South based upon
loyal suffrages, vote for this bill.
Mr. DAWES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to get his views
upon a single point. I agree with the gentle-
man that the President of the United States is,
under the Constitution, the commander' of the
Artny and the Navy, but that the law-making
power is here; and I understand this bill to be
proposed because this Congress has confidence
m the officers of the Army. Without such
confidence I suppose we never would contem-
plate for a moment putting into the hands of
the General of the Army the vast powers pro-
posed to be intrusted to him by the bill.
Now, the question which I wish to put to the
gentleman from Ohio is an inquiry practical in
its application to this bill. The second section
of the bill provides—
That it shall bo tho duty of the General of tho
Army to assign to tho command of oach of said dis-
tricts an officer of the regular Army, not below the
rank of brigadier general, and to dota.il a sufficient
military force to enable such officor to perfosm his
duties and enforce his authority within the distriot
to which he is assigned,
Now, I concur with the framcrs of this bill
in the confidence they repose in the General of
the Army that he will appoint to this duty men
in whom we shall have confidence. In the
hands of one man the powers to bo exercised
under this bill might bo an engine of terrible
evij ; while under the control of another man
the exercise of theso powers might be pro-
ductive of most beneficent results. But, Mr.
Speaker, the inquiry I desire to lmve answered
is this: the moment the General of tho Army
has under this bill assigned a competent and
trustworthy officer to the duties prescribed in
the bill, what is to hindoi<the President of the
United States, in virtue of his power as Com-
mander-in-Chief, from removing that officer
and putting in his place another of an opposite
character, thus making the very instrumental-
ity wo provide one of terrible evil?
Mr. S11ELLABARGKR. Mr. Speaker, I
am very glad that my friend from Massachu-
setts has suggested to my mind a difficulty to
which I had intended to allude, but which I
omitted to notice in my haste to get through
and give a portion of my time to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Hotoiikiss.] The gen-
tleman inquires whether the President, in vir-
tue of his constitutional power as Commander-
in-Chief, would not bo able to remove any
officer who might, under this bill, be assigned
to a particular district by the General of the
Army. Answering that question according to
my own convictions now, I srfy "yes." But
then I remind my intelligent friend from Mas-
sachusetts that Congress has again and again
done tho identical thing which we propose to
do by this bill. We have assigned officers of
the Army to particular duties.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 do not doubt the power,
Mr. Speaker; I agree with my friend on that
point.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Take the act of
August, 1852, to be found in Brightley's Di-
gest, page 151. That law provides that lieu-
tenants in the Army, graduates of West Point,
shall be sent to the coast survey. Now, tho
President could command that those lieuten-
ants should not go there. If he did so in pur-
suance of duty, to meet the exigencies of the
pnbHc service in a time of war, he would be
justified as well by the Constitution as by the
fact. But suppose that in time of peace he
should disregard and wantonly refuse to ex-
ecute that provision of the law, then he would
render himself liable to impeachment, just as,
according to Mr. Madison, the wanton exer-
cise by the President of the power of removal
from office which he believed the President to
possess, would be a good ground for an im-
peachment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RAYMOND obtained the floor, and
yielded ten minutes to
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, it is im-
possible in t£a minutes to express my views
on this bill. I cannot do myself justice in that
time, and I will only Say this : that Congress
during the present session has taken no step
in advance in relation to the protection of the
loyal people of the southern States. And I
would ask gentlemen on this side of the House
whether we are to-day obeying the mandate
of the people? What carried our elections
overwhelmingly in the last campaign ? It was
the story of the southern refugees told to the
people of the North and the West. They told
us they demanded protection. They enlisted
the sympathy of northern soldiers by telling
that the very guerrillas who hung upon the
skirts of our Army during the war were now
murdering southern soldiers who fought on the
Union side, and murdering peaceful citizens,
murdering black men who were our allies.
We promised the people if we were indorsed
we would come back here and protect them,
and yet not a step has been taken. When a
proposition is introduced, a man jealous he did
not bring it in himself says it is beginning at
the wrong end, and when the other end is
taken it is declared to be beginning at the
wrong end again. And so we are prevented
from taking a step in advance.
If we adjourn on the 4th of March next, as
we will have to, withouttaking some such step,
all hope is gone. The Fortieth Congress will
not do anything until after another election,
and gentlemen who woro indorsed at the last
election will find themselves receiving a differ-
ent verdict frorti the people. The people will
show their dissatisfaction that the measure
which was promised had'not been passed.
There will be at the beginning of the fortieth
Congress sixteen States unrepresented and
very little will be done in the absence of those
States.
If T could be indulged, I would like to say
something about the features of this bill. Let
me say first this bill repudiates those pretended
and bogus governments set up at tho South ;
that is, the preamble repudiates them and that
is always taken to give construction to the
law; and in the second place the plain terms
of the bill repudiate them:
And all legislative or judicial proceedings, or pro-
cesses to prevent or control tho proceeedings of said
military tribunals, and all interference by said pre-
tended Stato governments with tho oxercise of mili-
tary authority under this aet, shall bo void and of
no effect.
Stronger language could not be used to effect
the very object proclaimed time and again in
this discussion ; but it seems all the patriotism
there has been exerted is the declaration, for
when wc come to act there is a shrinking. The
loyal men of the South, if this does not pass,
are to go on appealing to us in vain.
This bill places these Territories under mili-
tary control, and there is where they ought to
be. Let me ask what is the necessity of this
bill placing these Territories under military
control when it is alleged that the military now
have sufficient authority? I grant it that the
law is sufficient to-day were it not for the con-
struction the President places upon it. The
President himself recognizes these rebel States
as having perfect powers like any loyal State
represented here.
With that construction the military law at
present is insufficient. We have got to get
rid by our legislation of the effect given by the
President to the decision of the Supreme Court.
If these States have now these full powers and
rights as he declares—and they have if the
decision of the Supreme Court is applicable to
them—it is very evident that we have no law
now to reach their case, and the present mili-
tary authority is insufficient..
Another objection that is' made to this is,
that we send the military there in advance of
the civil governments. In my humble opinion
that is an absolute necessity. "Place the Army
there, and then when we send our civil gov-
ernments there the power will be there to pro-
tect them. The Army will pave the way. We
might as well have sent civil governments there
at the outset of the rebellion instead of the
Army; as to send them there now. I need
not appeal to facts to substantiate what I say.
They are patent; every child that reads knows
that what I say is true. We want the Army,
the military power, there,- and then civil
authority can go there in safety.
You had a few days ago a bill to establish
civil governments there. This House was asked
to vote upon it, but a majority said, No, we will
not vote for it, but will send it back to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction. We sent it to that
committee, and they have reported back a bill
establishing military authority there as au ab-
solute necessity under the circumstances of
the case. Now, are we going to tell them,
"You have not reported back the bill referred
to you but another and a different measure,
and we will defeat this and keep on defeating
anjj measure you report until the time will
arrive when we shall be defeated?"
Mr. Speaker, already the rebel leaders, as
of old, are dictating terms to this Government
upon which they will submit to the Constitu-
tion and the laws, and the President is reported
as abandoning his own policy and like former
Presidents yielding to their dictation. Mark
you, the people will have something done.
What the rebels propose is better than nothing,
and if we adopt no practical plan we shall have
to do as we have always done heretofore until
the rebellion commenced and the spirit of the
North was aroused, we shall have to accept
terms at the hands of the rebel leaders. We
have it now in our power to reject their terms
and prescribe such as we have the right and
the authority to do.
There is another objection made to this bill,
that it recognizes the civil courts of these
rebellious, bogus governments. That is a
mistake ; the bill only recognizes as civil tri-
bunals the Federal courts, and it places them
in subordination to military power. And let
me say that in my opinion all authority in
these States should be subordinate to the
bayonet and the sword. They are the only
effective weapons we can send there. We send
our missionaries and teachers there and we
allow these rebels to murder them. The best
missionaries we can send there now are the
sword and thg bayonet. Suspend these over
their heads and keep them in check until we
can send civil authority there. Let us have
that protection there first, and then let us dis-
cuss tho question what kind of civil govern-
ment we snail establish. Extend to the loyal
people1 of the South such protection as we now
have at our command. We can then deliber-
ate without danger to the lives of our southern
allies, and perfect measures of reconstruction
unembarrassed by threats or fears of rebel in-
surrection or unrestrained violence.
Mr. RAYMOND. I now yield to my col-
league [Mr. Griswold] ten minutes of my
time.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, if I should
feel constrained to vote against this bill, I feel
it my duty to state the reasons that occur to
my mind for that action. I shall regret to feel
compelled to vote against it, because in doing
so I shall be at variance in opinion with those
who I believe have at heart the best interest
of the whole country. I fully sympathize with
the object aimed at by this bill. I recognize
fully the condition of things existing in these
rebellious States, in which I am constrained to
believe the rights and liberties of loyal men,
both white and black, are totally ignored, and
I am perfectly willing to concede the necessity
for the interposition of the national Govern-
ment toward the protection of that class of
citizens there.
But, sir, while I could concede that necessity
and appreciate that condition of things, it
seems to me that the provisions of" this bill
will lead us into greater danger than is justi-
