1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Mr, DOOLITTLB. My answer to the Sen-
ator would be this: Nebraska is a State under
the Constitution or she is not. If she is a State
under the Constitution, having the rights of a
State which the Constitution gives, she must
have the right to define the qualification of her
electors after she is adtaittea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Constitution gives
to a State which we create tinder an express
power of the Constitution just such rights as
we choose to remit to her and no others. That
is the very point upon which we have been
arguing ; and therefore, when we create a State
of this description, it is too late for her to say,
or for any advocate of hers to say, "although
I have been born into life with this complexion
and this character as the method upon which
I must act, I will now go back to some other
State and say that she has privileges which I
have not.''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my friend allow
me to say one word further ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is this: I think he
falls into a fundamental error when he speaks
about Congress creating States at all. States
frow ; States are born ; Congress does nothing
nt recognize their existence and admit them
into the Union under the Constitution. Ver-
mont did not grow out of an enabling act of
Congress. She came here, growing out of a
revolution against the States of New York and
New Hampshire, and set up a government of
her own, which was recognized by the Congress
of the United States, and she was admitted. So
■was Tennessee; so was Michigan; and so were
many of the other States, not in virtue of
enabling acts; they grew. It was the people
§ rowing up into society that constituted the
tates, which were recognized, it is true, by
Congress, and admitted when Congress in their
good pleasure thought proper to recognize and
to admit them. I deny altogether that Congress
creates a State. It has not the power to create
a State. It has only the power to admit those
communities which have grown into States or
the Territories of the Union into fellowship
under the Constitution, with the rights of other
States under the Constitution; but when ad-
mitted the Constitution is the supreme law which
governs e^ery State. Anything that Congress
can enact or the Legislature of the State enact
to the contrary is as nothing—has no effect
whatever: and when Nebraska comes in under
the Constitution of the United States, that Con-
stitution reads just the same in Nebraska that
it reads in Vermont or in Virginia; and itsays
to the Legislature of Nebraska and the people
of Nebraska that the State has the right to
define the qualifications of its electors, and
no law of Congress can change it or interfere
with it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to my friend from Wisconsin for having inter-
polated into the middle of my plain observa-
tions a sufficient amount of eloquence to give
them a color to the people. Now, I want to
ask my friend from Wisconsin for a little more
eloquence in which he shall tell me, supposing
then his idea of a State is true, that we reject
this bill altogether, is Nebraska a State still
or a Territory?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In a territorial condi-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I take it there is
no State of Nebraska now, as he admits. He
admits that there will be no State of Nebraska
until we pass this law. What then makes the
State of Nebraska ? What gives it its life ? It
must necessarily be, on his own premises, the
law which sets it up ; and it is a mere quibble
and a play upon words which talks about ad-
mitting a State as if it preexisted. It is the
act of admission that creates the political cor-
poration which is a State. There is not any-
thing about the idea of a State except that it
is a mere political person created by certain
rules for certain purposes. That is all there is of
a State. It is not any myth, it is not any huge
bugbear the people cannot understand, but it
is simply and practically a business corpora-
tion, endowed with the faculties which are given
to it by the law that creates it. If it is the will
of the people of Nebraska that creates it, then
they may give it such an existence and such a
law and such faculties as they please in spite
of us. If it is our will that creates it and brings
it into life, we may modify and limit the exer-
cise of its will according to our notions of just-
ice and propriety.
Therefore, Mr. President, I have to say that
the fundamental difference between the honora-
ble Senator from Wisconsin and the honorable
Senator from Michigan and the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, who have addressed themselves
to this amendment, and myself, is, that while
they seem to suppose that the State is a State
in spite of us, and that we merely make a bar-
gain and a treaty with her by which we come
into an alliance, my own position is, and on my
side the simple proposition is, that it is the law
of Congress that creates the State.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I gave way for
an explanation; but there has been a good deal
of eloquerfce and a good deal of argument and
a good deal of good law illustrated since I gave
way. However, I had pretty much got through
with what I had to say. All I wished to say was,
that I am willing to take the bill as it originally
stood without any amendment; but I was in
hopes that these amendments would tend to
harmonize and unite us all if they could be
adopted, especially this one of the Senator from
Vermont, which I know met the approbation of
many very good lawyers in the Senate who be-
lieved it could be done, and if it could be done
properly it would perhaps reconcile all the diffi-
culties that have been surrounding this matter.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, if it shall be adjudged
to be constitutional and right, will be adopted
and ingrafted upon this bill; and if that will
tend to unite us all, so much the better. If
it should be rejected, then of course the bill
will stand as when we voted for it before; and
I presume the minds of the Senate are not
changed upon that subject. I do not wish to
say anything more about it, and am prepared
to vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to say,
Mr. President, and shall detain the Senate but
a moment. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont cited the case of Michigan as one in
point and as supporting his principle. It is
new as a historical fact, at least quite new to
me, that the constitution and government of
Michigan were originally formed "without a
shadow of law." I am at a loss to know where
he gets his information. I happened to be
residing in the Territory of Michigan at the
time when that somewhat noted event took
place, one which was followed by the Toledo
war, which my friend from Ohio may have
some recollection of. The fact was this: the
Territory of Michigan was fairly and equi-
tably entitled, both on account of her popula-
tion and her conventional rights, to admission
into the Union in 1835. By the ordinance
178T the right was reserved to her to be ad-
mitted whenever her population should reach
sixty thousand. She had that population, and
a population far exceeding that number ; but
Congress for some reason did not see fit to ad-
mit her, notwithstanding the efforts on her part
to obtain admission. In the winter of 1835
her territorial Legislature passed an act call-
ing a convention for the purpose of framing a
new constitution and State government for the
future State of Michigan. The members of
the convention were regularly elected at an
election held according to the laws of the Ter-
ritory, under all the usual sanctions. The
members of that body were thus chosen : they
held a convention and framed a constitution
for the State of Michigan in due form. Under
that constitution a temporary State government
was organized, and the Legislature of the so-
called State of Michigan elected members of
this body, and the people elected a member of
the House of Representatives. She was not
admitted as a member of the LTnion, however,
on account of avery serious controversy which
existed between her and the State of Ohio in
reference to the southern boundary of the Ter-
ritory. Congress, at the following session, in
1836, enacted a law for the purpose, among
other things, of settling the northern boundary
of the State of Ohio, and of course, the southern
boundary of the Territory of Michigan. That
part of the statute the Senator did not see fit
to read to the Senate. The first section of it
defines with exactness the southern boundary
of Michigan and the northern boundary of the
State of Ohio. Congress then went on in the
same statute to provide that the people of
Michigan, at a regular convention to be called
by them, should give their assent to this change
of boundaries, and ultimately that assent wag
given, and in the year 1837 the State was for-
mally admitted into the Union by act of -Con-
gress. So that, instead of being without any
shadow of law, the honorable gentleman win
find that from the beginning to the end Of
these proceedings they were all in perfect ac-
cordance with law.
It is very true, sir, that in the preliminary
act of admission, that is, the act of 1836, the
State of Michigan, like other new States, Was
prohibited from passing any law interfering
with the primary disposal of the soil of the
United States lying within her limits. That is
one of the conditions imposed upon every new
State, and for the purpose of getting rid for-
ever of the once mooted question of the powef
of the State thus to interfere.
My friend from Massachusetts has for the
fortieth time placed his opposition to this bill
on the ground that it is not according to the
"principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence," without undertaking to define very
clearly what those principles are, so far as
they are applicable to the right of suffrage;
but if I understand hitn correctly, he means to
say that the principles of the Declaration of
Independence, which declare that all men are
created equal, require that every created hu-
man being shall have the right of suffrage. I
endeavor to put his proposition in its broadest
as well as its most exact form, so far as I can
understand it. I do not propose to argue it
again, having already said quite enough about
it, but I cannot resist the temptation to call
the attention of that eminent Senator to the
fact that the State of Massachusetts is com-
posed of human beings who have been created;
all of whom are endowed by their Creator, ac-
cording to the Declaration of Independence as
understood by him, with the right of life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness, and also the
further right of vpting. iNow, sir, it is con-
fessedly the law of Massachusetts that none but
persons who are able to read and write shall
be allowed the exercise of the suffrage. I ask
him, and I ask his friends upon this floor who
are moving along in the same groove with him,
how it is that they can reconcile with the prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence a
law which excludes a considerable portion of
the created human beings of the State of Mas-
sachusetts from the right of voting ? If the
i fact of creation and of birth, of being the com-
i mon children of a common Creator, gives the
! right of suffrage as one of the inalienable rights
! of man, then I shall be very much inclined to
j recommend to that honorable Senator to cor-
! rect the legislation of his own State in this re-
! spect before he attempts to enforce these the-
ories of his upon the people of Nebraska or
Colorado or any other Territory about to come
into the Union.
Look at it. An aged man in Massachusetts,
paralytic, blind, perhaps unable to walk, bnt
in every other respect fit to exercise the right
of suffrage, comes, or is brought, to the poll,
and is asked by the inspector whether he ea.q
read and write, and the old man says he can-
not do either. Disease has disabled Juni; ag§
has rendered him blind; he has not the ability
to comply with the requisitions of the Massa-
| ehusetts statute; he is turned away from the
j polls and informed that in that ancient and
most respectable land of liberty, he, on account
! of his misfortune, is not permitted to partici-
