1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
I placed it a year ago. We might as well buy
Bancroft's history—better, perhaps; that we
might as well buy any other dictionary than
one in this shape; and I went on to criticise
the dictionary, giving the instances of men
spoken of as in Congress who were long since
dead, and of a member spoken of as dead who
was still in Congress. I showed a great many
other errors connected with this dictionary. I
stated some sixty-odd mistakes made of the
same kind, the memoranda of which I held in
my hand, having examined the dictionary with
this view. He has availed himself of this crit-
icism since then, I understand, to correct these
mistakes, although I have not seen the last
edition of his dictionary. I stated he had
always slighted my colleague, Mr. Giddings,
while, as I remarked before, he had spoken in
an eulogistic manner of those who were upon
the other side in this rebellion.
There was but one instance which by any
possibility might be distorted into a charge that
he was himself a rebel or a sympathizer with
rebels, and that is what I said about Jacob
Thompson. And here I have his letter in which
he says after I had made that remark his atten-
tion was called to it, and he was disgusted to
find what he had published eulogistic of Mr.
Thompson, and could only account for it by the
fact that he had written that biography some
seven or eight years ago when he was a clerk
under Mr. Thompson iu the Department of the
Interior.
Now, it is not perhaps in the best taste to
allude to any no tice of myself in this dictionary,
particularly as my biography has, very much
against my will, come to be a subject of con-
sideration here. But there is a very curious
expression in the little notice he has made of
me. I am represented, not according to the
fact, as any one of my military friends will
remember, for my promotion came afterwards
as having been appointed a brigadier general ,
and a major general of the United States in the
" troubles of 1861." He calls the rebellion
"the troubles of 1861." I believe there is
nothing like that except in the Nasby letter, in
which the author speaks of " a little unpleas-
antness occurring between the two extremes of
the nation." [Laughter.] I refer to that to
show the animus of the book, and to show what
a bearing it would look as if it had in that way,
whether intended or not. Whether he is or has
been a sympathizer with the rebellion, or
whether he is or has been an extremely loyal
man, or has been on both sides of the question,
according as he met his customers, it is not
possible for me to say, for I do not know any-
thing about it. I can only judge of him and
his work from the book itself.
Mr. Speaker, this matter of book-making
under the auspices of Congress is continually
growing to be a greater and greater abuse.
Of late it has been in some degree checked.
Here, however, is a flagrant instance of'an
attempt to open it with one I think of the
worst of all the jobs ever attempted. For the
purpose of having our vanity tickled by seeing
our names in print we are expected to enter
upon a career of publishing, which, while it
costs the Government I do not know how
much, will put into Lanman's pocket, or into
the pocket of the owner of the copyright, some
five thousand seven hundred dollars a year.
That is the calculation handed to me this mo-
ment by some gentleman; and it maybe copy-
righted from year to year for every amend-
ment in a new edition.
Mr. \\ ASHBURN, of Indiana. How many
copies does Congress take?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know. Once
the House was inveigled into purchasing four
for each member.
Mr. ROLLINS. Seven.
Mr. SCHENCK. But in the two succeed-
ing sessions the House laid its hand upon the
matter and prevented that piece of extrava-
gance. I take credit to myself on one occa-
sion for being instrumental in doing it, and I
think my friend, the chairman of the commit-
tee, has the credit of doing the same thing.
I hope when gentlemen come to vote upon the
question by yeas and nays they will bear in
mind how large the expense is, and will act
accordingly.
Mr. BliOMWELL. I suggest that some of
us may find a use for this book for electioneer-
ing purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. That may or may not be
important. Sometimes the less that is known
about a man the better for him. [Laughter.]
I believe I have complied with the desire of
my friend from New York in making an expla-
nation. I would not have done it except that
I was so pointedly referred to, and my history
so wrought up with the progress of legislation
upon this subject that I could not very well
afford to sit silent and not answer the appeal
made to me. I return to my friend the floor.
Mr. LAFLIN. Unless there is some one
who desires to be heard I will close the discus-
sion with a brief statement, which I think will
satisfy gentlemen that I am not making an
improper proposition.
Several Members. Vote, vote I
Mr. LAFLIN. As there seems to be a dis-
position to come to a vote, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is now in order to
move to lay the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. After the previous ques-
tion is seconded, the motion will be in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HALE. I now move to lay it on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDEB OP BUSINESS.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the House
adjourn. We have nothing but dictionaries
and patent cases before us, and we might as
well adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That would terminate the
session of Congress.
Mr. WINDOM. I change it to a motion
for a recess till ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. SCHENCE) I ask the Chair to inform
the House when, with safety as regards pend-
ing bills, the House can take a recess till to-
morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the committees of conference are in session
on the appropriation bill. The Chair heard
from thein a few moments ago. They sent
word saying that the Senate would remain in
session longer than the House in consequence
of executive business. It is usual for the com-
mittee to report to the Senate first. After the
action of the Senate is taken, the House can
then very probably take a recess until nine or
ten o'clock to-morrow. The Chair understands
that the committee will probably be through
within half an hour.
Mr. WINDOM. I withdraw the motion if
there is anything to do.
The SPEAKER. The House will proceed
to business on the Speaker's table, all other
business being excluded by order of the House,
except privileged reports and questions of
privilege :
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submit the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, on the joint resolution
of the House, No. 228, extending the provisions of
section two of the act entitled "An act to extend
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for quar-
termaster's stores and subsistence supplios furnished
to the Army of the United States," approved July
14,1864, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend to their respective Houses,
as follows, namely:
That the House agree to the first amendment of
tho Senate, with an amendment, which is to strike
out the words of the said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof these words: "and whose authority shall
be proven to the satisfaction of tho accounting offi-
cer," and that the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate reccdc from its second amend-
ment.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
RALPH HILL.
A. J. KUYKENDALL,
Managers on the part of the Howe,
S. C. POMEROY,
IRA HARRIS.
LYMAN TRCMBTTLL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and also
' moved that the motion tcf reconsider be laid
; | on the table.
| J The latter motion was agreed to.
11 JOSEPH K. MORRIS.
i The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the joint resolution
ji (S. R. No. 66) for the relief of Joseph R. Mor-
!' ris; which was read a first and second time.
The preamble recites that it appears from
the records of the Patent Office that Joseph
R. Morris, of Houston, Texas, on the 13th of
April, 1861, filed his petition, affidavit, specifi-
cation, and drawing, and made application for
a patent for "a new and useful improvement
in furnaces," and paid the customary fee on
such application ; that on the 15th of April he
deposited his model of the improvement ac-
cording to law in the Patent Office ; that on
the 8th of June thereafter the invention was
examined by the examiner, and a patent duly
ordered to be issued; that on the 11th of June
thereafter a circular was issued by the Patent
Office to the effect that the patent was ordered
to be issued in accordance with the application
upon the payment of the final fee of twenty
dollars: and that it appears that he was pre-
vented from obtaining his patent by the state
of civil war which interdicted all communica-
tion between the State of Texas and the Patent
Office at the city of Washington. The joint
resolution, therefore, authorizes the Commis-
sioner of Patents to issue the patent to Joseph
R. Morris as of the date and with like effect as
though it had been issued on the 8th of June,
1861, except that the patent may be issued to
run the usual number of years from the usual
time of its issuance, any law to the contrary
notwithstanding; provided, that if, at or prior
to the day wken the patent shall actually be
issued, any person or persons shall be actually
issuing the improvement in furnaces, such per-
son or persons shall not be made liable in dam-
ages for such prior use, or for the continuing
use of such as have already been constructed.
Mr. JENCKES. That joint resolution ex-
plains itself, and needs no explanation from me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is there any evidence
that this man himself did not contribute to the
state «f things which prevented him from ob-
taining his patent?
Mr. JENCKES. He produced evidence of
his loyalty, which satisfied the committees of
both Houses of Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Was there any evidence
that no one else had obtained a patent for the
same thing?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly there was. The
Patent Office could not grant the patent if
there was anything against the novelty of the
invention. It has been thoroughly examined,
and the claim has been foand to be just and
proper.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATIONS
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 178, in rela-
tion to national banking associations ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that this joint resolution may be put upon its
passage now.
