m
ffi.COWEESSIOO^AL GLOBE
January 8,
pate in.tke .e^reise qrf the political powers of
the Commonwealth. ,, ].
9? WW*. ease of a man who is not edu-
Ca£<?3',at alU who'can neither cread nor write,
h.utu^uilty of no crirpe and is no pauper; a
jjfefifl, citizen of the comimtfjty. Be, too,
appjies for the exercise of\t|e same privilege,
and he receives, the same answer. Can the
Senator from Massachusetts, with his mind full
of.Tiis theories of juniyersal, liberty and univer-
sal perfecstabiljty^say that the legislation of
his owff State is in accordance with the prin-
ciplesj p.f.tlje P'eclaration of Independence, if
h.is.yjtejv' of, those principles be correct? Cer-
||ijj[y.-ij0t." -1 would say then to him, but of
(gpjjfse. in fhe best spirit and without any design
to, reproach him or those, who , follow him:
'.'Physician, heal thyselfJ". I regard it as quite
as .flagrant a departure from the principles of
jfctie Declaration of Independence, if they have
any application here, to exclude ignorant white
men from voting as to exclude black men from
voting.
, Sir, there is-no use in continuing this discus-
sion of the abstract principle. We find our-
selves at every, step '' in wandering mazes lost,''
an.d there will be no end.to the discussion. I
have but to say that I shall, vote against this
am end men t of my friend- from Vermont, be-
lieving it fo be unwarranted by the Constitu-
tion and of. dangerous example for the future,
a precedent which may lead to great evils in
the future of the new States. I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri for the same reason. I do not think
we have, the power; but still if it should be
the will of a majority of the Senate to adopt
£itlj.er of these amendments, I shall not, un-
der .existing circumstances, seeing as plainly,
I think, as the Senator from Ohio does, the
necessity which hangs over us, feel at liberty
to vote against the bill upon its final passage.
Mr. CliBSWELL next addressed the Sen-
ate.', [Hi3 remarks will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
/ Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the pending amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Edmunds.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the mover of
the amendment that perhaps he had better make
the exception narrower than it is by striking
out the words " or any other right," for if it
passes in its present shape the Indians may
have every right taken from them. The State
is to be prohibited from interfering with the
question of suffrage, or interfering with any
other right, except in the ease of Indians. I
am sure the honorable mefliber did not mean
to place them under the absolute control of the
State, so as to enable the State to do with them
with reference to any rights which the Consti-
tution secures, just what she thinks proper.
After having made that suggestion I will pro-
ceed now very briefly to state why I am unable
to vote for the amendment, if the Senate are
desirous of .taking the vote on the bill this
evening, if it is the pleasure of the Senate
that the debate should go. over until to-mor-
row, it would be equally agreeable to me, but
I do not ask it on any account personal to
myself. I do not therefore ask for an adjourn-
ment ; but if any other Senator thinks proper
to move an adjournment I will yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it must appear
clear to the Senator having this bill in charge
that we cannot come to a vote to-day; and
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I cannot argue that ques-
tion 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. WADE. But it seems to me we shall
never get through unless we hold on. Wo
have been now, I believe, four times endeavor-
ing to reach a vote on this subject.
The question being put on the motion to
fcdjourn, a division was called for.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator from California
will withdraw the motion I will see if we can^
not come to an agreement as,to the time when
we shall take the vote. It seems to me that
unless we do that there is no hope of ever
reaching a conclusion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that; and.I suggest that we take the rote
to-morrow at four o'clock. ["Agreed."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate adjourn. It is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose I have a right
to withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Qhio that this motion was a friendly
motion to the measure he has in charge.
Mr. WADE. I understand that.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the motion
now.
Mr. WADE. I am very anxious to have a
time fixed, if it can be done by consent of the
Senate, when at some hour to-morrow we may
agree to take the vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will propose four o'clock to-morrow I think it
will pe acceded to.
Mr., WADE. If it is understood that we are
to take the vote to-morrow at four o'clock I
shall not resist an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. Say that debate shall close
at three o'clock.
Several Senators. Three o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Is three o'clock satisfactory?
["Yes."] Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
a4journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 8, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Paton, of New Haven, Connecticut.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, was received, announcing
that the President of the United States, having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act to regulate the elective
franchise in the District of Columbia," with
his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same, and resolved that the said bill do pass,
two thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the
same.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the joint resolution of the Senate No. 154,
to provide for the exhibition of the cereal pro-
ductions of the United States at the Paris Ex-
position in April next.
correction.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I rise to correct the
Journal of yesterday. Upon the passage of
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] I ana recorded as not hav-
ing voted. I was in my seat, and voted in the
negative.
- The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I call for
the regular order.
adjournment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a privileged
question. To-day is the anniversary of the
battle of New Orleans. The day has been
usually observed as a holiday. Congress has
always, I believe, observed it as such. I there-
fore move that the House adjourn.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The question was put, and the Chair decided
that the noes had it.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
Upon the demand for the yeas and nays
there were—ayes 19, noes 90; not one fifth of
a quorum.
Mr. FINCK. I call for tellors.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Finck and Defrees. ,
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 22, noes 88. - •
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative, so one fifth not having voted in the
affirmative the yeas and nays are not ordered.
[Laughter.]
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been insisted on, the House will resume the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, on which the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasron] is entitled to the floor;
■Mr. KASSON. If there is no abjection I
will yield to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. J. L. Thomas.]
patapsco river.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS offered the following
resolution.; which, being a. call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested to transmit to the House all inform-
ation in the possession of the War Department as
to the cost of completing the ship channel of the
Patapsoo river near the harbor of Baltimore city, and
particularly whether the proper estimates and sur-
veys authorized and directed by an act of the last
session of Congress have been completed.
lighting of public buildings.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ask
unanimous consent to offer a resolution for
which I have the consent of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I called
for the regular order of business supposing
that it would be the call of the committees for
reports. I hope the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] will move to postpone his joint
resolution and allow the committees to be
called in order that we may be able to get at
the presidential veto.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lay before
the House the veto message without interrupt-
ing the regular order.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo directed to inquire into the best and
most economical mode of lighting the public build-
ings and grounds, and that they have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
personal explanation.
Mr. NEWELL. I desire to state that,
apprehending I should be absent yesterday, I
paired with my colleague [Mr. Rogers] on the
vote on the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. ROGERS. I should have voted in tha
negative of course. [Laughter.]
Sir. KOONTZ. I will state that I was
detained from the House yesterday by sick-
ness. If I had been present I should have
voted for the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] in reference to the im-
peachment of the President.
massacre at tort phil. kearney.
Mr. RANDALL, ofKentueky, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
inquire into and report to the House the circum-
stances attending the reported massacre of three offi-
cers and ninety-one enlisted men at Fort Phil. Kear-
ney on the 20th of December last, and that they
inquire and report whether in their opinion the con-
tinued commission of outrages by the Indians is in
consequence of or has excuse or palliation in any
mismanagement or improper conduct by Govern-
ment officials or citizens; and that they also inquire
into the expediency of providing by law for an im-
mediate or early transfer of the superintcndency of
our Indian affairs to the War Department, andreport
by bill or otherwise.
protection of shipping interests.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the agricultural and manufacturing inter-
ests of the country were during the war of the rebel-
lion protected and stimulated and improved, whilo
our great commercial interests were nearly ruined
