1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBJE.
1-781
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OCEAN MAIL TO THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was Senate bill No. 003, to authorize the es-
tablishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. McRUER. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads recommends the pas-
sage of the bill with an amendment.
The bill provides:
That the Postmaster General be, and ho is hereby,
authorized to invite proposals, by public advertise-
ment, for the period of sixty days, in one or more-
newspapers published in the cities of Washington,
New York, Boston, and San Francisco, respectively,
for mail steamship service between the port of San
Francisco, in the United States, anrl the port of Hon-
olulu, in the Hawaiian Islands, by means of a monthly
line of first-class American sea-going steamships, to
be of not less than one thousand tons, Government
measurement, each, and of sufficient number to per-
form twelve round trips per annum between said
liorls; and to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder for said service for a term of not more than
ten years, to begin from the day the first steamship
of the said line shall depart from the port of San
Francisco with tho mails for the_Hawaiian_Islands:
Provided, No bid shall be considered which shall
amount to more than one hundred thousand dollars
for the twelve round trips per annum, nor unless the
same be from acitizon or citizens of the United States,
and accompanied by an offer of good and sufficient
sureties (also citizens of tho United States) for the
faithful performance ofsuoh contract: And provided
further. That before the acceptance of the snidsteam-
phipsby the Postmaster General for the said service,
they shall bo subject to inspection and survey by an
experienced naval constructor, to be detailed forthat
purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, whose report
. shall be made lo the Postmaster General.
Snc. 2. Avd be it farther enacted. That any contract
which the Postmaster General may execute under
the authority of this act shall go into effect on or
bel'oro the 1st day of January, 186S, and shall, in ad-
dition to the usual stipulations of ocean mail steam-,
ahip contracts, provide that the Government of the
United States shall bo entitled to have transported,
free of expense, on each and every steamer, a mail
agent to take charge of and arrange the mail matter,
to whom suitable accommodations for that purpose
Bhall be assigned; that, in case of failure, from any
cause, to perform any of the monthly voyages stip-
ulated for in this contract, a pro rata deduction may
bo made from tho compensation on account of such
omitted voyage or voyages; that suitable fines and
penalties may be imposed for delays and irregular-
ities in the performance of the service; and that tho
Postmaster General shall havo the power, at liny
timo, to deterniino the contract in case of its being
underlet or assigned to any other party.
Mr. McRUER. The amendment I propose
is to strike out $100,000 and insert $75,000
where the same occurs, so that it will read,
•' But no bid shall be considered which shall
amount to more than seventy-five thousand
dollars."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman yield?
Mr. McRUER. I do not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Here is a contract for
$750,000.
Mr. McRUER. The Thirty-Eighth Congress
granted a subsidy of $500,000 to establish a
mail line between the port of San Francisco
and some part of China, touching at Honolulu,
in the Sandwich Islands. Communication with
those islands was a very desirable feature of
that bill, because we have very important inter-
ests there. Those islands have been developed
by American commerce, and a large portion
of the foreign population of the islands is
American. That line has just been put in op-
eration under favorable auspices. But Con-
gress during the present session saw fit to
release that company from its obligation to
touch at the Sandwich Islands upon the con-
sideration that it should establish an independ-
ent liue between a port in Japan and the port
of Shanghae, in China, and for the reason that
it would enable it to make more rapid passages,
and thus bring to a certain extent the com-
merce of Europe to our shores by the way of
San Francisco.
Now, since the company has been released
from that obligation this bill has been intro-
duced into this House, having first passed the
Senate, granting a subsidy of $100,000 to es-
tablish an independent line. We ask that
$75,000 instead of $100,000 shall be granted.
If there is any branch of American industry
that requires support from the Government at
this time it is our commerce, which has been
to a great extent swept from the seas during I he
rebellion. This bill is important in a commer-
cial view; it will increase our trade with these
islands. The whaling interest demands this
connection with them. That is one of the most
important interests in this country.
And this bill is important politically. Before
many years the Sandwich Islands will doubt-
less yield to the advancing tide of civilization,
change its form of government, and probably
become a republic. In short, this connection
is demanded by every interest of this country.
I move the previous question on the bill and
amendment..
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. McRUER. I will yield five minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not want five min-
utes. I do not wish to lay any obstacle in the
way of the passage of this bill if it ought to pass.
But I wish to call attention to the fact that
the bill proposes a contract for ten years at
$100,000 per annum as it now stands, or
$75,000 if the amendment shall be adopted.
Now, we had a contract with a line of steamers
running west from San Francisco'and stopping
at the Sandwich Islands, but during this session
it was proposed to release that line and the
proposition was carried. So we permitted the
line to pass those islands and go straight to
China and back. Now comes in a proposition
to pay $1,000,000, or if the amendment is
adopted $750,000 additional, for communica-
tion with Honolulu.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman has a very
exaggerated way of stating it when he says it
is $750,000. Itis $75,000 a year for ten years.
It is not paying out at once $750,000 for this
very important aid to American commerce,
but we extend it over a decade.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is only
repeating in my own language what I hare
said, only in not so pleasant a way. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. Ah!
Mr. ALLEY. A single word in behalf of
the committee. This bill was not reported
from the House committee; it came from the
Senate. It was fully considered, however, by
the House committee, and we agreed to report
a bill fixing the subsidy at $75,000. The Pa-
cific Mail Steamship Company took a contract
to run a line of steamers from San Francisco
via the Sandwich Islands to China. They were
released from the performance of that portion
of the contract this winter against the judg-
ment of our committee.
I believe it was put in an appropriation bill.
It was all wrong, in my opinion. It may have
been done in consideration of additional ser-
vice to be rendered by the company. 1 know
nothing, however, about that. At all events
this communication should not be stopped,
and $100,000 is probably as low an amount as
the service could be obtained for. But, in the
opinion of parties who know most about it,
there are those who are so much interested in
the political and commercial relations of our
own country with the Sandwich Islands that
the subsidy may be reduced $"J5,000. and hence
our committee were unanimous, [ believe, in
recommending $75,000 instead of 3100,000.
To this amendment I thiuk there can be no
objection.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ;
Mr. HILL moved to lay the bill and pending
amendment on the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 40,
noes Gl.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wish to inquire
whether this Government did not have a con-
tract with another steamship company for this
same service, to take Honolulu in its route,
from which we have released that company,
and if we are not now proposing to give this
company $75,000 per annum to perform the
same service.
Mr. McRUER. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. H1IL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 00, nays -10, not voting
79 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Blinks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen. Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwcll, Sidney Clarke, G'onk-
ling, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot,
Ferry, Gaitield, Gnnnell, Gri^wold, Hale, Iligby,
Holmes, llooper. Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, K<'lley, Latlin,
Lynch, Marquette. Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, McRuer, Miller, Morrill, Xcwrll,
Paine.Pomerov, Price, Raymond, Alexander!!. Rice,
John 11. Rioe, Rollins, Schenek, L'pson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—63.
NAY'S—Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Cooper, Culiom, Dawson, Defrees, Eekley,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, l'inck, Abncr C. Harding,
H.iwkins, Haves, Hill, IIiso, llogan, James It. Hub-
bell. Julian, Kerr. Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Le Blond, Mercur, Moorhead, Nib-
I.ick, Nicholson, Nocll, Perhain, Pike, Ritter, }loss,
Sawyer, Scoficld, Shanklin, Sliellabargcr, Sitgreavcs,
Stevens, Stokes, Tabcr, Thayer. Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward. Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and Went-
worlh—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Blow, Brau-
degeo, Bromwell, Bundy, Campbell, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culver, Delano. Deming,
Denison, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Far-
quhar, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard. John H. Hubbard. Edwin N. Ilubbell,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Ketch-
am, Kuykendall. Latham, Letfwich. Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, McCullough, McKee. Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, O'Neill, Qrth, Patterson, Phelps. Plants,
Radford, Samuel J. R.-indall, William II. Randall,
Rogers, Rousseau. Sloan. Spalding, Starr, Stilwell,
Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Nelson Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorntou, Trowbridge,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liamB. Washburn, Whaley, Winlield, and Wright—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT KESOLUTION.
h Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
!; on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
| had examined and found truly enrolled bills
l! and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
I An act (H. R. No. 1184) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868;
An act (H. R. No. 761) to amend existing
; laws relative to internal revenue, and for other
, purposes; and
j! A joint resolution (H. R. No. 308) to enable
i the Secretary of War to carry out an agree-
S ment in relation to water-power for the arsenal
I at Rock Island.
| KECESS ORDERED. -
I Mr. THAYER. I rise to a privileged motion.
1 I move that when the House take another re-
cess it be till to-morrow momingat ten o'clock.
Mr. KELLEY. Say nine o'clock.
; Mr. HIGBY. I would inquire of the Speaker
! whether, in his opinion, two hours, from ten
to twelve o'clock to-m#rrow morning, will be
| sufficient to finish the business of this Con-
! gress?
The SPEAKER. If the appropriation bills
1 should be out of the way, two hours would be
! sufficient. The Chair cannot tell what the
action of the Senate on the conference report
on the deficiency bill will be. The conference
committees have agreed and their report is
now before the Senate.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend by making
■I it nine instead of ten o'clock.
| Mr. THAYER. I accept the amendmect.
' The motion, as modified, wa_, agree*! to.
