1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
dent, or whether it is our duty, like humble
Christians, to submit to the powers which have
conquered us and .allow the southern States to
remain in their present condition. I trust the
previous question will be sustained.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment further?
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, in the remarks
which I made I had no allusion, to any negoti-
ations with the President. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania knows more of his opinions
than I know, and will yield to his policy much
sooner than I shall.
I spoke in good faith to the House, asking
for time to debate this question. My reason
for so doing is based upon a simple fact, an
idea which every member of this House can
comprehend: that the measures which we pro-
pose, and one of which is now before the
House, depend for their efficacy upon.being
enacted by two thirds of each House of Con-
gress against the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, my opinion is that we cannot long carry
on the Government in that way; that we must
have laws in which the Executive will cooper-
ate, in order to make thoso laws effective.
And if, after we, the Representatives of the
people, have agreed as to what laws are neces-
sary to secure the peace of the country and
to maintain the existence of the Government,
and after the people have sustained our ac-
tion in passing such laws, the President then
refuses cooperation, it is our duty to the coun-
try to lay aside the question of reconstruction
for a time and proceed to the consideration
of the position and purposes of the President
himself.
Now, upon that idea, and stating again my
belief that we can before this session closes
come to such conclusion as will compel the
President of the United States to sustain us
in our action, or will justify us in another
course if he refuses, 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and if I fail
there I ask the members of this House, to
allow a day or two at least for the considera-
tion and decision of this question of the exist-
ence of the Government.
I have had no negotiations with the Presi-
dent of the United States, nor do 1 know his
opinions, and in the vote which I shall give
upon this question neither the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] nor any other
man has the right to assume that I accept the
policy of the Executive in the smallest partic-
ular. 1 hope for a change of his position; I
think that is not impossible. At all events, I
think it is something which is worth our while
to try for.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the floor,
unless he yields to some member.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make a suggestion for a verbal alter-
ation which I think should be made in this
bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear the suggestion
of the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the second section of
the bill reference is made to officers of "the
regular Army." Now, we have but one Army
of the United States, and it seems to me to be
keeping up an unnecessary and invidious dis-
tinction to use the term "regular Army" in
this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree with the gentle-
pian that that is a mistake, and I hope that by
general consent the word "regular" will be
stricken out of the clause referred to.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent, the motion to recommit being now
pending.
The question was submitted to the House,
and the Speaker announced that there was no
objection.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to any amend-
ment being made in this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
rise in his place and state his objection.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 70.
Mr. LE BLOND. I had not arisen to my
feet when the Chair announced that there was
no objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the objection of the
gentleman was made too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I arose in my place the
foment I heard unanimous consent was asked
for some purpose, in order to ascertain what
was the nature of the proposition.
The SPEAKER. That may possibly be.
The gentleman can state whether he made
objection in time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot state what the
Chair would regard as being in time. But I
arose instantly for the purpose of ascertaining
what the object was for which unanimous con-
sent was asked.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is that the gentleman arose just as the
Chair stated there was no objection. The gen-
tleman was therefore too late to make an ob-
jection if he desired to make any.
The bill was amended accordingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call for the vote
upon my call for the previous question.
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were—ayes G2, noes 82.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GR1NNELL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Gmn-
nell and Le Blond were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes (51, noes US.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] havmg spoken against
the previous question will be recognized as
entitled to the iloor.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] allow me a few
moments to explain a substitute which I desire
to propose for the bHl now before the House
whenever an opportunity shall be offered me
to move it?
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to the gentleman
for ten minutes.
Mr. KASSON. While, as I apprehend,
there is no difference of opinion on this side
of the House touching alike our right and our
duly to protect the rights of all thoso who have
been the allies of the United States in the
States lately in rebellion, and to protect them
if necessary by the establishment of martial
laws, still there are, as has been stated, certain
misgivings as to the best mode by which we
can accomplish that result.
Now, sir, this bill proceeds upon the theory
that not only in some of the southern States,
but in all of the southern States and in all parts
of them, a condition of insurrection still exists.
But, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siinr,-
labarger] has stated the true ground, and the
only ground upon which this bill or any bill
seeking to accomplish the like object can stand.
He has stated distinctly that in order to stand
at all in the eye of the law or in the presence of
the Constitution the bill must rest upon the
fact that an insurrectionary condition exists in
the South to-day. I accept that position. As
I said on a former occasion, when I offered a
resolution directing the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to inquire into our right to establish
martial law in the South, and on a subsequent
occasion when I was discussing the thirteenth
amendment of the Constitution, I believe that
in some parts of the South tire insurrection
still exists.
This bill, however, instead of meeting alike
the provisions of the Constitution and the facts
of the case, assumes an inherent right in the
Congress of the United States to establish a
military government over people who'have
been in insurrection. I deny the existence of
such a ri'gtrt. But if those people are now in
insurrection therightexiststo-day. The ques-
tion, therefore, presents itself in two lights:
first, as a constitutional question; and secondly,
as a question of fact.
Now, sir, the Constitution in its enumeration
of the powers conferred upon Congress contains
this clause: «
"To make rulesfor the government and regulation
of the land and naval forces."
There is no dispute that the Congress of the
United States has the right to prescribe arti-
cles of war. Articles of war, when prescribed,
bind alike the President, the lowest lieutenant
of the Army, and the private soldier in the ser-
vice of the United States. When, therefore,
we proceed to establish any regulation of mar-
tial law, we have the constitutional right to do
it by making "rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces." I
entirely concur in the statement of the gentle-
man from Ohio, that we have the right to
govern by the administration of martial "law
wherever there is a condition of rebellion or
insurrection against the United States. Now,
sir, all that remains for Congress to do to ac-
complish the object we have in view on this
side, if not on the other side of the House, is
to prescribe an article of war that shall apply
to an insurrectionary condition within those
communities and districts where it shall be
found to exist. Instead of erecting this great
military power over people in some parts of
the South who are in tact at peace and observ-
ing law and order, our rule should be so flexi-
ble that we may apply martial law wherever
peace, law, and order do not prevail, without
imposing it upon people whose subordination
to the laws renders military rule:i unnecessary.
The assumption of power involved in this
bill is objectionable mainly because it goes too
far, and not becausc it is inherently wrong in
its application to the insurrectionists of the
South. The bill, if I understand its principles,
assumes the right of Congress to take an unor-
ganized territory of the United States, to take
any unorganized people of the United States,
and bccause they have neither a territorial
government recognized by Congress, nor a
State government recognized by Congress, gov-
ern them by military power and martial law.
I deny the existence of such a right on the
part of Congress. I affirm that only to the
extent of the existence of actual hostilities" or
insurrection against the United States have we
the right under any circumstances to establish
martial law.
Hence, in my view this bill extends too far
and is dangerous because of its great breadth.
To obviate this to me objectionable feature of
the bill I propose to submit to the House a
proposition framed, as I conceive, in accord-
ance with the principles I have stated—princi-
ples in reference to which I believe the gentle-
man from Ohio and myself concur, differing*
only on the question of fact as to the extent ot
an insurrectionary condition in the South. I
ask the Clerk to read the proposition which I
design on a suitable opportunity to offer as aa
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill to establish an additional article of war for
the more complete suppression of the insurrection
against the United States.
He it enacted by tile Senate and House of JU'iM'esenf*-
ativen of the United States of America in Congrem as*-
semhled. That the following shall be, and is hereby,
declared an additionafartiele of war governing all
the land forces of the united States:
1. The States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas shall be divided into
military districts and made subject to tho military
authority of the United States as hereinafter pre-
scribed, and fur that purpose Virginia shall consti-
tute tho first district; North Carolina and South
Carolina tho second district; Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida the third district; Mississippi and Arkansas
the fourtli. district; and Louisiana and Texas the
fifth district.
2. It shall be the duty of tho General of the Army
to assign to the command of each of said districts an
officer of the Army, not below the rank of brigadier
general, and to detail a sufficient military force to
enable such officer to perform his duties and enforce
his authority within the district to which he is as-
signed.
Itshall be the duty ofcach ofiicerassigned as afore-
said, whenever any outrage to life, liberty, or prop-
erty is committed m his district, and the officers in
fact appointed to administer civil law are eitnci^ un-
willing or unable to protect all persons m their rights
of person and property, to suppress insurrection, dis-
order, and violence, and to punish, or cause to_ be
punished, all disturbers of the public peace and enm-
