342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
its authority, th'e high functions for which it
was. created by the people. For this important
purpose it was ceded to the United States by
Maryltad-and Virginia, and it certainly never
could have been contemplated, .'as one of the
objects to be attained by -placing it under the
exclusive jurisdiction of Congress; that it would
afford to propagandists' or political parties a
place for an experimental test of their princi-
ples and theories. While,- indeed, the resi-
dents of the seat of Government are not citi-
zens of any State, and are not therefore al-
lowed ar voice in the Electoral College Or rep-
resentation in the councils of the nation, they
are nevertheless American citizens, entitled as
such to every guarantee of the Constitution, to
every benefit of the 'laws, and to every right
which pertains to citizens of our common
country. In all matters, then, affecting their
domestic affairs, the spirit of our democratic
form of Government demands that their wishes
should be consulted and respected, and they
taught to feel that, although not permitted
practically to participate in national concerns,
they are nevertheless under a paternal Gov-
ernment, regardful of their rights, mindful of
their wants, and solicitous for their prosperity.
It was evidently contemplated that all local
questions would be left to their decision, at
least to an extent that would not be incompat-
ible with the object for which Congress was
granted exclusive legislation, over the seat of
Government. When the Constitution was yet
under consideration it was assumed by Mr.
Madison that its inhabitants would be allowed
" a municipal Legislature, for local purposes,
derived from their own suffrages." When for
the first time Congress, in the year 1800, as-
sembled at Washington, President Adams, in
his speech at its opening, reminded the two
Houses that it -was for them to consider whether
the local powers over the District of Columbia,
vested by the Constitution in the Congress of
the United States, should be immediately exer-
cised, and he asked them to '' consider it as
the capital of a great nation, advancing with
unexampled rapidity in arts, in commerce, in
wealth, and in population, and possessing with-
in itself those resources which, if not thrown
away or lamentably misdirected, would secure
to it a long course of prosperity and self-gov-
ernment. '' Three years had not elapsed when
Congress was called upon to determine the
propriety of retroceding to Maryland and Vir-
ginia the jurisdiction of the territory which
they had, respectively, relinquished to the
Government of the United States.
It was urged, on the one hand, that exclusive
jurisdiction was not necessary or useful to the
Government; that it deprived the inhabitants
of the District of their political rights; that
■ much of the time of Congress was consumed in
legislation pertaining to it; that its government
was expensive; that Congress-was not compe-
tent to legislate for the District, because the
members were strangers to its local concerns ;
and that it was an example of a government
without representation—an experiment dan-
gerous to the liberties of the States. On the
other hand, it was held, among other reasons,
and successfully, that the Constitution, the acts
of cession of Virginia and Maryland, and the
act of Congress acccpting the grant, all con-
templated the exercise of exclusive legislation
by Congress, and that its usefulness, if not its
necessity, was inferred from the inconvenience
which was felt for want of it by the Congress
of the Confederation; that the people them-
selves, who it was said had been deprived of
their political rights, had not complained and
did not desire a retrocession; that the evil
might be remedied by giving thenra represent-
ation in Congress when the District should be-
come sufficiently populous, and in the mean
time a local Legislature; that if the inhabitants
had not political rights they had great political
influence; that the trouble and expense of legis-
lating for the District would not be great, but
would diminish, and might in a great measure
be avoided by a local Legislature; and that
Congress could not retrocede the inhabitants
without their consent. - Continuing to live sub-
stantially under the laws that existed at the
time of the cession, and such changes only hav-
ing been made as were suggested by themselves,
the people of the District have not .sdtfght, by
a local Legislature, that which has generally
been willingly conceded by the Congress of the
nation.
As
the
people, when riot inconsistent with the Consti-
tution-and the laws. The measures suited to
one community might not be well adapted to
the condition of another; and the persons best
qualified to determine such questions are those
whose interests are to be directly affected by
any proposed law. In Massachusetts, for in-
stance, male persons are allowed to vote with-
out regard to color, provided they possess a
certain degree of intelligence. In a population
in that State of 1,231,066, there were, by the
census of I860, only 9,602 persons of color;
and of the males over twenty years of age, there
were 339,086 white to 2,602 colored. By the
same official enumeration there were in the
District of Columbia 60,764 whites to 14,316
persons of the colored race. Since then, how-
ever, Jjie population of the District has largely
increased, and it is estimated that at the present
time there are nearly 100,000 whites to 30,000
negroes. The cause of the augmented numbers
of the latter class needs no explanation. Con-
tiguous to Maryland and Virginia, the Dis-
trict, during the war, became a place of refuge
for those who escaped from servitude, aud it
is yet the abiding place of a considerable pro-
portion of those who sought within its limits
a shelter from bondage. Until then held in
slavery, and denied all opportunities for mental
culture, their first knowledge of the Govern-
ment was acquired when, by conferring upon
them freedom, it became the benefactor of
their race; the test of their capability for im-
provement began when for the first time the
career of free industry and the avenues to
intelligence were opened to them. Possess-
ing these advantages but a limited time—the
greater number perhaps having entered the
District of Columbia during the later years of
the war or since its termination—we may well
pause to inquire whether, after so brief a pro-
bation, they are as a Class capable of an in-
telligent exercise of the right of suffrage, and
qualified to discharge the duties of official
position. The people who are daily witnesses
of their mode of living, and who have become
familiar with their habits of thought, have ex-
pressed the conviction that they are not yet
competent to serve as electors, and thus become
eligible for office in the local governments
under which they live. Clothed with the elect-
ive franchise, their numbers, already largely
in excess of the demand for labor, would be
soon increased by an influx from the adjoining
States. Drawn from fields where employment
is abundant, they would in vain seek it here,
and so add to the embarrassmentsalready ex-
perienced from the large class of idle persons
congregated in the District. Hardly yet capa-
ble of forcing correct judgments upon the
important questions that often make the issues
of a political contest, they could readily be
made subservient to the purposes of designing
persons.
While in Massachusetts, under the census of
.1860, the proportion of white to colored males
over twenty years of age was one hundred and
thirty to one, here the black race constitutes
nearly one third of the entire population, while
the same class surrounds the District on all
sides, ready to change their residence a.t a mo-
ment's notice, and with all the facility of a
nomadic people, in order to enjoy here, after
a short residence, a privilege they find no-
where else. It is within their power, in one
year, to come into the District in such num-
bers as to have the supreme control of the
white race, and to govern them by their own
officers, and by the exercise of all the muni-
cipal authority—among the restj of the power
of taxation over property in which they have
no interest. In Massachusetts! where they
have enjoyed the benefits of a thorough edu-
cational system, a qualification of intelligence
is required, while here suffrage is extended to
all,-without discrimination, as well'to the most
incapable, who can prove a residence in the
District of one year, as to those persons of
color who, comparatively few in number, are
permanent inhabitants, and, having given evi-
dence of merit and qualification, are recognized
as useful and responsible members of the com-
munity. Imposed upon an unwilling people,
placed, by the Constitution, under the exclu-
sive legislation of Congress, it would be viewed
as. an arbitrary exercise of power, and as an
indication by the country of the purpose of
Congress to compel the acceptance of negro
suffrage by the .States. It would engender a
feeling of opposition and hatred between the
two races, which, becoming deep-rooted and
ineradicable, would prevent them from living
together in a state of mutual friendliness.
Carefully avoiding every measure tha^ might
tend to produce such a result, and following
the clear and well-ascertained popular will, we
should assiduously endeavor to promote kindly
relations between them, and thus, when that
popular will leads the way, prepare for the
gradual and harmonious introduction of this
new element into the political power of the
country.
It cannot be urged that the proposed exten-
sion of suffrage in the District of Columbia is
necessary to enable persons of color to protect
either their interests or their rights. They
stand here precisely as they stand in Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, and Indiana. Here, as else-
where, in all that pertains to civil rights, there
is -nothing to distinguish this class of persons
from citizens of the United States; for they
possess the "full and equal benefit of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and
property as is enjoyed by white_ citizens," and
are made " subject to like punishment, pains,
and penalties, and to none other, any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to
the contrary notwithstanding." Nor, as has
been assumed, are their suffrages necessary to
aid a loyal sentiment here; for local govern-
ments already exist of undoubted fealty to the
Government, and are sustained by communi-
ties which were among the first to testify their
devotion to the Union, and which during the
struggle furnished their full quotas of men to
the military service of the country.
The exercise of the elective franchise is the
highest attribute of an American citizen, and,
when guided by virtue, intelligence,'patriotism,
and a proper appreciation of our institutions,
constitutes the true basis of a democratic form
of government, in which the sovereign power
is lodged in the body of the people. Its influ-
ence for good necessarily depends upon the
elevated character and patriotism of the elector,
for if exercised by persons who do not justly
estimate its value and who are indifferent as to
its results, it will only serve as a means of
placing power in the hands of the unprincipled
and ambitious, and must eventuate in the
complete destruction of that liberty of which
it should be the most powerful conservator.
Great danger is therefore to be apprehended
from an untimely extension of the elective fran-
chise to any new class in our country, especially
when the large majority of that class, in wielding
the power thus placed in their hands, cannot be
expected correctly to comprehend the duties
and responsibilities which pertain to suffrage.
Yesterday, as it were, four million persons
were held in a condition of slavery that had
existed for generations; to-day they are free-
men, and are assumed by law to be citizens.
It cannot be presumed, from their previous
condition of servitude, that, as a class, they are
as well informed as to the nature of our Gov-
ernment as the intelligent foreigner who makes
our land the home of his choice. In the case
of the latter, neither a residence of five years
and the knowledge of our institutions which it
gives, nor attachment to the principles of the
Constitution, arc the only conditions upon
