1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. TIIAYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Private Land Claims to recommend
that this bill be passed.
The bill was read at length. Tt provides that
the provisions of the act entitled " An act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and
for other purposes,'' approved June 22, 1860,
shall be extended and continued in force for
the period of three years after the passage of
this act.
Mr. THAYER. In 1860 Congress passed
an act appointing the land officers in the States
named in this bill, the registers and receivers,
commissioners to examine titles which had
originated under the authorities exercising do-
minion before these Territories were acquired
by the United States ; as Congress has always
been in the habit of passing. The act of 1860
required these commissioners simply to investi-
gate the titles and report the result of their
examination to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office is required to report to
Congress, and nothing comes of the examina-
tion until Congress takes action upon it.
The act of 1800, being limited in duration to
five years, has now expired. The effect of
this bill, if passed, will be to extend the pro-
visions of that act for three years longer. As
Congress retains the final control over all these
cases, I do not perceive that any injury can
possibly come from the passage of this bill. I
hope, therefore, it will be passed.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
motion for X recess.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, (at twelve
o'clock, midnight, Sunday,) moved that the
House take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
liberty of saying that if members desire to have
the public business concluded by the expira-
tion of this Congress a recess should not now
be taken. The Chair is informed that the
Senate have agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the deficiency appro-
priation bill, ^fter that report shall have been
acted upon by the House, a recess may very
properly be taken. But the bill may fail abso-
lutely if a recess is taken before it is finally
acted upon.
The motion of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, for
a recess was not agreed to.
coinage, weights, and measures.
Mr. KASSON. As I am about to close my
connection with Congress, I have a slight favor
to ask of this House. I ask consent to submit
the following resolutions for consideration at
this time:
Resolved, That theCommitteeonaUniformSystem
of Coinage, Weights, and Measures haveleave here-
after to file their report, when completed, with the
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
ltesofaed, That when said report shall be filod the
usual number shall be printed, and, in addition
thereto, two thousand extra copies for the use of the
House and three hundred extra copies for the use of
the committee.
Resolved, That the rule establishingsaid committee
be &o amended that the title thereof shall be, "The
Committee on Coinage, "Weights, and Measures;"
and the number of members shall bo seven.
I will say that the proposition to change the
rule has been submitted to and approved by the
Committee on the Rules, and the proposition
in regard to extra copies has been submitted
to and approved by the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The law requires that the
motion to print extra copies shall be referred
to the Committee on Printing; and it will be
so referred.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following reso-
lution, upon which I call the previous question:
Resolved, That three hundred extra copies of the re-
l port of the Committee on a Uniform System of Coin-
! age. Weights, and Measures, this day authorized to be
I hereafter made, be printed with covers for the use of
!' the committee making the report, and two thou-
sand copies without covers for the members of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask if the Com-
mittee on Printing can report such a resolu-
tion without having a session?
The SPEAKER. The Committee is author-
ized to report at any time and to hold its ses-
sions, if need be, ou the floor of the House
while the House is in session.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution reported by the
Committee on Printing was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ;
table. i
The latter motion was agreed to. |
The resolutions offered by Mr. Kasson were
then agreed to. . I
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote i
by which the resolutions were agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
| message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had !
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 148) pre-
senting the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W.
Field, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
) The message further announced that the Sen-
I ate had agreed to the report of the committee
i of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill of the House No. 1227,
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following re-
port from a committee of conference :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1227) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of tlieGovcrnment for the fiscal year ending
June 13,1867, and for other purposes, having met,
afterfull and free conference havo agreed to recom-
mend, ami (lo recommend, to their respective Houses.
a3 follows :
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate, numbered one. three, four, five, six, seven, nino,
eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, nineteen,
twenty-two,twenty-three.and twenty-four, andagree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered two, eight, ten, fourteen, seventeen, and
eighteen.
That the Houso of Representatives reccde from
their disagreement to the twentieth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line three of said amendment
strikeout the words "for the present fiscal year;"
and after the word "clerks" in line four insert the
following^ words: " to take effect from and after the
1st day ot January, 1867," and the Senate agreo to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
t? the same, with amendments lis follows: in line
eight of said amendment, after tho word "eastern,"
insert " and westernand in same line strike out
the word "district" where it first occurs and insert
districts;" and the Senate agree to the same.
THADDEUS STEVENS.
JOHN A. KASSON,
Managers on the part of the House,
W. P. 1'ESSENDEN,
J. W. GRIMES.
W. M. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless some member de-
sires to ask some question I will ask that the
vote be now taken upon agreeing to this report.
Mr. CONKKING. I would like to inquire
whether the salaries of the Federal judges, as
now fixed by law, are raised by arty amend-
ment of the Senate in which the committee of
conference recommend concurrence? If those
salaries, or any of them, have been raised, I
would inquire how many of them have been
raised, what is the highest salary, and what
the lowest proposed by thjs report. And then,
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] will allow me, I would like to make a
single remark.
Mr. STEVENS. The highest salary is that
of the judge for the district of California,
which is now fixed by law at $5,000, and is not
changed by this report. The next highest is
that of Louisiana, $4,500. Then come a num-
ber of others, beginning with Massachusetts;
then New York, in which I think there are
three districts ; then Pennsylvania and one or
two of the western districts, which are raised
to $4,000. All the others are $3,500. Per-
haps, in order to have the matter stated accu-
rately, the Clerk better read that provision.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That the salary of tho
district judge of the district of California shall bo
$5,000; the salary of the district judge of the district
of Louisiana shall be $1,500; the salaries of the dis-
trict judges of the district of Massachusetts, north-
ern, southern, and eastern districts of New York,
eastern and western districts of Pennsylvania, the
district of Maryland, northern district of Illinois,
southern district of Ohio, and tho district ot New
Jersey, shall be 84,000 each; and the salaries of the
district judges of every other district shall be $3,500
each; and said salaries shall be in lull compensation
for the official services performed by said judges, and
shall tako effect at the commencement of the next
fiscal year; and no other allowance or payment shall
be made to them for traveling expenses or other-
wise; and the amount necessary to pay the increased
compensation herein provided shall bo paid out of
! any money ill the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
|l ted.
j] Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman from
] Pennsylvania state liovv many amendments the
!t Senate have put on this deficiency bill?
jj Mr. STEVENS. I cannot tell,
j! Mr. CONKLING. A considerable number,
;] I suppose, and involving a large amount.
Mr. STEVENS. A considerable amount,
of which we have struck off perhaps $200,000.
Mr. CONKLING. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will make a single remark.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to do so, in
order to justify a little of the emphasis with
which I perhaps may have spoken last night
in reference to another bill about which the
two Houses had disagreed.
This very amendment, raising the salaries
of these judges, was among those from which
the Senate last night affected to recede ; though
we in the conference committee saw very clearly
that the design was to reserve them to be placed
in some other bill. And here they come, to
plague us, if not the inventor.
Now, every gentlemen will remember that
according to the Constitution we can never
reduce the salaries of these judges; so that
for life, and I may say forever, by this bill, we
are raising very largely the tariff of judicial pay.
Some of these judges are friends of mine,
and as a mere matter of personal feeling I
could rejoice in their good fortune. Thnre is
the judge of the northern district of New York,
toward whom personally I have the kindest
feelings, and I regret that for the last year he
has been compelled to spend a large part of
his time under medical treatment and in repose,
so that he has not been able to attend to his
official duties. It will seem, however, rather
harsh to the chief justice of the State of New
York, for example, who labors in court many
months, and labors out of court if he does his
duty, that gentlemen performing lighter duty
shall receive hundreds of dollars more than he.
It will seem to some people extraordinary, in
those districts where, gentlemen around me
know better than I, the judicial labors are so
small, that we should fix perpetually a certain
rate of compensation, the highest known by
the State of New York to be paid to the high-
est judicial officer of the first republican State
in Christendom in proportion to population.
Mr. UPSON. How much is to be performed
in the eastern district of New York? .
Mr. CONKLING. I will say in that regard
that the judge of the eastern district will dis-
charge the duties of his own district, and owing
to the advanced age of the judge of the south-
ern district he performs for him, too, a consid-
erable amount of duty.
