§44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 8,
aroused, bya great civil war are still dominant.
It is not a time favorable to that calm and delib-
erate, judgmeiit which is the only safe, guide
when radical changes in our institutions are to
be made. The measure now before me is one
of those changes. It initiates an untried exper-
iment for a people who have' said, with one
voice, that it is notfor their good. This alone
should make us pause btjt it is not all. The
experiment hag not been tried, or so much as
demanded by the-people of the several States
for themselves; In but few of the States has
such an innovation been allowed as giving the
ballot, to the colored population without any
other qualification than a residence of one year,
and in most of them the denial of the ballot to
this race is absolute, and by fundamental law
placed beyond the domain of ordinary legisla-
tion. In most of those States the, evil of such
suffrage would be partial; but, small asit would
be, it is guarded by constitutional barriers.
Here tfi&jnnovation assumes formidable pro-
portions, which may easily grow to such an
extent as to make the white population a sub-
ordinate element in the body-politic.
After full deliberation upon this measure, I
cannot bring myself to approve it, even upon
local considerations* nor yet as the beginning
of an experiment on a larger scale. I yield to
rio one in attachment to that rule of general
suffrage which distinguishes our policy as a
nation. But there is a limit, wisely observed
hitherto, which makes the ballot a' privilege
and a trust, and which requires of some classes
a time suitable for probation and preparation.
To give it indiscriminately to a new class,
wholly unprepared by previous habits and
opportunities, to perform the trust which it
demands, is to degrade it, and finally to destroy
its, power; for it may be safely assumed that
no political truth is better established than that
such indiscriminate and all-embracing exten-
sion of papular suffrage must end at last in its
destruction. ANDREW JOHNSON.
"Washington, January 5, 1867.
The question was: Shall the bill pass, the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Upon that question I
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution requir-
ing that upon the reconsideration of bills re-
turned by the President with his objections
thereto, the vote shall be taken by yeas and
nays and entered upon the Journal, the Clerk
will call the roll.
The question was accordingly taken by yeas
and nays; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 113, nays 38, not voting 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos
It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidweli, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes,
Defrees, Delano, l)eni!n<r, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckicy, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Ferry. Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard,
MeClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Pike, Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H.Rice, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Spal-
ding, Starr? Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, BurtVan
Horn, Ha.mil ton Ward, Warner, ElihuB. Washburne,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, .lames F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, and the Speaker—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ler, Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Hise, Hocan, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter„Kerr,Kuykendall,Latham, Lcft-
wich, McCullough, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell. Phelps,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall. William H. Randall,
Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward, and Winfleld—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Blow, Boyer,
Conkling, Davis, Denison, Dumont, Eliot, Good-
year, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hiil-
burd, Johnson, Jones, Laflin, Le Blond, Marshall,
Mclndoe, McKee, Moorhead, Morris, Pomeroy, Rol-
lins, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Ste-
vens,. Stilwoll, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry
X>. Washburn, William B. Washburn, WJialey, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—41.
-The SPEAKER. On the question whether
the House, on reconsideration, agrees to the
passage of this law, the yeas are 113, the1 nays-
38. It having been, certified, that- the Senate,
upon a reconsideration of the passage of thi#
bill, agrees to its passage by a two.-third vote,
and the Hods® of Representatives, upon a.sim-
ilar reconsideration, Having agreed to its pass-
age by a two:third vote, I therefore, accord-
ing to the' Constitution.of the United States,
do declare that,, notwithstanding the objections
of the President of the United States, the act
to regulate the elective franchise in the Dis-
trict of Columbia has become a law. [Applause
on the floor and in the galleries promptly
checked by the Speaker.].
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 151) appropriating money to defray the
expenses of the joint select committee' on re-
trenchment-, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of'the joint resolution in
relation to the abolition of slavery, pending at
the adjournment of yesterday, and upon which
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment to make a suggestion?
Mr. KASSON. I think I probably know the
motion the gentleman desires to make. If I
am not mistaken the gentleman proposes to
move'an adjournment in honor of the 8th of
January. I propose, by the passage of this
joint resolution in the interests of the free cit-
izens of the United States, to celebrate the
8th of January better than it was celebrated
originally at New Orleans.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman then pro-
poses to honor the colored people, and not the
memory of General Jackson.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be in honor of the
negroes who fought under him.
mrs. m. b. humphrey.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will my colleague
[Mr. Kassoit] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. I will.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask that it may be con-
sidered at the present time:
Resolved, That theSergeant-at-Arms of the House
be directed to pay Mrs. M. B. Humphrey, widow of
the late Hon. James Humphrey, the amount of in-
creased compensation provided by law from the
commencement of the present Congress to the date
of the death of her husband.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to move an amendment to his resolution to
insert a provision for paying to Hon. D. W.
Gooeh increased compensation from the_ time
of his election to the date of his-resignation ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; I cannot
yield for that purpose. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abolition of slavery.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the following joint resolution
declaratory of the meaning of the thirteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States of America:
Whereas the Congress of the United States at.
the second session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
proposed to the several States for adoption the thir-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which has now, by tho ratification of three
fourths of the States of the Union,, become part of
the Constitution, and which by its terms forever pro-
hibits slavery or involuntary Servitude, " except a* a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convictedand whereas in some parts of
this Union it is asserted and maintained that, not-
withstanding said amendment, it is lawful to sell or
otherwise commit into unoflaci&Isubjeetion to slavery
persons who may be convicted of offenses against tho
law,, by reason whereof certain inferior tribunals
have adjudged free citizens of the United States to
be so disposed of; as to reestablish chattel slavery for
life or for years, against the principles of the Chris-
tian religion, of civilisation, and. of the Constitution
of the United States, which now recognizes no invol-
untary servitude,exceptto the law and to the officer^
of its administration: Now therefore,
IIr it resolved, &c., That the true intent and mean-
ing ofsaid amendment prohibits slavery or involun-
tary servitude forever in all forms, except in direct
execution of a sentence imposing a definite penalty
according to law,.which penalty cannot, without vio-
lation of the Constitution, impose any other servitude
than that of imprisonment or other restraintof free-
dom under the immediate control of officers of the
law and according to the usual course thereof, to the
exclusion of all unofficial control of the person so
Held in servitude; and that all orders, judgments, or
decrees authorising or directing the sale or other dis-
position into servitude of any person within the juris-
diction of the United States otherwise than as above
declared to be lawful, are and- shall be taken and
held to be in violation of the thirteenth constitu-
tional amendment aforesaid, and therefore void.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion now before the House is, in my judgment,
second in importance only to the amendment
of the Constitution itself, which was adopted,
prohibiting slavery in the United States. I
apprehend that few members of this House or
of Congress, at the time of the passage of the
amendment, supposed that in the very sentence
abolishing slavery throughout the United States
they had also made provision for its revival
under another form and through the action of
the courts of the country. The facts certified
to us by the -newspapers of the South, from
week to week, show that the result of that
action, as it is there construed, is to revive the
institution of chattel slavery with all its odious
characteristics ; that free men, declared to be
free by this clause of the Constitution, are put
upon the auction-block to-day and sold to the
highest bidder into slavery.
Now, sir, I have felt the conviction—which
I have no doubt is shared by every loyal mem-
ber of this House—that this was not within
the intention of that anti-slavery amendment
of the Constitution, and that to tolerate it in
this land of liberty is to tolerate a usurpation
by inferior judicial tribunals directly in the face
of the Constitution of the United States. Sir,
this clause, as we know, was drawn from the
ordinance of 1787.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a question ?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman, in the first place, whether this
is intended as an additional amendment to the
Constitution ? I ask this question as prelim-
inary to another.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman is well aware
that it is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I wish to inquire
of the gentleman whether in his judgment this
Congress has the power to give construction
to a constitutional amendment which shall be
binding upon the States which have adopted
that amendment?
Mr. KASSON. I was proceeding to answer
that question at the moment I was interrupted.
I will now proceed to answer it, and afterward
all other questions which may be put in good
faith.
This clause was adopted from the language
of the ordinance of 1787. At the time that
that ordinance became the law of the land, the
institution of slavery did exist de facto in the
several States of this Union—in fact, in the
majority of the States of this Union. There
was, therefore, at that time, according to law,
an existing condition of slavery, into which
men could be sold if necessary, according to
the language of that ordinance. Since that
time tho Congress of the United States, sup-
ported by three fourths of the States of the
union, and indorsed by the people of the
country, has abolished the condition of slavery
