1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. RAYMOND. There is not a more
laborious judge in the State of New York than
the judge of the eastern district.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 have said about all I
rose to say; I did not intend to detain the
House but a moment; I will not make the
motion; I have done enough in that way. I
was about to remind the House we are now
fixing' minimum salaries to be paid to Federal
judges in the smallest districts for the lightest
labor to be performed by any judge at $o,000,
which in the State of New York is deemed to
be the highest salary which should be paid to
the highest judicial officer in the Common-
wealth ; I do not hesitate to say I deem it ex-
cessive. If any gentleman will sit down and
make the computation of the amount of increase
of pay running for the lives of these men this |
will lead to, he will find it will be numbered by
thousands of dollars. That is where we are, '
because we did not insist upon keeping those
amendments before the House and make them
as we think they ought to be.
Mr. STEVENS. I think, sir, every man
understands perfectly well whether there is
too much paid to the judges in his own_neigh-
borhood. I am quite sure that it is time we
should adjourn, and therefore I demand the
previous question. I
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know
whether this is the only objectionable feature?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand there are
twenty amendments receded from before to be
put into this bill.
.Mr. JENCEES. I ask the gentleman from ,
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the previous
question, and yield to the gentleman "from
Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to say a word in
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York as to the conduct of the Senate in
the conference committee. We know nothing
of it here but what the gentleman has reported.
I trust that the Senate committees of conference
will be animated by a different sentiment when
the honorable gentleman takes his seat in that
body.
It seems to me, however, that the fact stated
should have no consideration or weight in this
matter. Sir, in the Congress of the United
States for many years it seems the least hon-
orable part of the Government has been this
of the judges. There has not been a judge
on the Atlantic or lake coast who has not been
called upon to decide questions in admiralty
law and in the law of nations requiring the
greatest legal and highest judicial talent—ques- j
tions of the gravest importance submitted to
men to whom we paid the small pittance of j
$2,000 a year. The judge of the district court |
of Connecticut labors now nearly ten months
in the year unceasingly. The judge in Rhode
Island, holding both circuit and district court,
labors as long. The judge in Vermont labors
nearly, if not quite as much. Theyare required
to hold circuit courts in the absence of the su-
preme court judges.
Mr. Speaker, I do not consider it any ar-
gument against agreeing to this amendment
that the State of New York does not pay its
judges what it ought to. It does not follow
that because that great State is mean in its
treatment of its judges the United States of
America should be mean also.
Mr. ROSS. Is there any law prohibiting
these judges from resigning at any time?
[Laughter.]
Mr. JENCKES. No; but there is a policy
vhich prevents men who are competent to dis-
charge the duties of the position from accept-
ing these offices when they become vacant.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question upon agreeing to the report.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to-lay the report on
the table.  
The SPEAKER. If that is done it will
carry the bill with it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope that will pot
be done, because this bill contains some im-
portant appropriations.
The SPEAKER. This bill contains $11,-
000,000 of pension appropriations.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the motion.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays. This bill increases salaries,
and for that reason I am opposed to agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Upon ordering the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference, there were—ayes 10, noes 73. So (one
fifth not voting in favor thereof) the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question recurred npon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference ; and
being put, there were—ayes 70, noes 20; no
quorum voting.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Dawson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 28.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at twelve o'clock and fifty minutes a. m.) the
House took a recess until nine a. m.
The House resumed its session at nine a. m.
william ii. webb.
Mr. DARLTNG. I desire to take from the
Speaker's table the Senate bill for the relief
of William H. Webb.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duties on foreign merchandise.
Mr. DARLING. I desire now to take up
Senate bill No. 609, allowing duties on foreign
merchandise imported into the port of Albany,
to be secured and paid at that port.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I ask the House to take
up Senate bill No. 622, to repeal the provis-
ions of the law authorizing the introduction of
foreign goods into the United States without
inspection at the usual ports of entry.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
james fulton.
Mr. DARLING. I desire to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 557, for the relief of James Ful-
ton, paymaster in the United States Navy.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the proper
accounting officers of the Government to allo w
to James Fulton, paymaster in the Navy, in
the settlement of his accounts, credit for the
sum of $17,213 95 for clothing and small stores
abstracted from the inspection building in
charge of said Fulton while on daty at the
navy-yard, Washington.
Mr. PRICE. I call for the reading of the
report of the committee upon this bill.
The Clerk read the report of the committee,
as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the "petition of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, praying to be released from all
responsibility for a deficiency in the clothing and
small-store account of the inspection in the Wash-
ington navy-yard, discovered in October, 18S6," has
had the same under consideration, and beg leave
respectfully to report:
The petition sets forth that the petitioner was or-
dered to the Washington navy-yard as paymaster of
the yard and inspector of provisions, clothing, and
small stores, on the 1st of February, 1805. That soon
after he reported for duty the war against the rebel-
lion closed, and that in consequence thereof the oner-
ous burden fell upon him of paying off, transferring,
arranging tho bounties, accounts, &c., of the sailors
attached to the Potomac flotilla, amounting to two
thousand five hundred men, besides receiving and
inspecting all the provisions, clothing, and small
stores turned into the inspection from the different
vessels of the flotilla. That this work was in addi-
tion to his regular work of paying off monthly the
officers of the station and the mechanics and laborers
of the yard, amounting to one thousand five hundred
men. That during a period of twenty months ho dis-
bursed $2,500,000, or $125,000 per month. That this
work was so arduous that he and his clerks were
compelled to work nights and Sundays to keep his
books up. That in consequence of being so busily
employed in the pay-office he was necessitated to
intrust to the clerk of the inspection, A. N. Thomp-
son, the duties of that department. That this man
Thompson had held the position of the clerk of in-
spection for several years, and had been highly rec-
ommended by all former paymasters under whom ho
had served for honesty, capacity, &c., and that in
consequence of such recommendations he was re-
tained. The petitioner, having full confidence in
Thompson, and forced to do so by the^ pressure of
duties npon him, sets forth that he intrusted to
Thompson the keys of the inspection building, which
is separate from the pay-office. That Thompson
availed himself of the opportunity to steal a large
amount of valuablo articles, such as black silk hand-
kerchiefs and sewing silk, which he could very easily
conceal under his coat and elude the vigilance of tho
sentry at the navy-yard gate. That not until Octo-
ber, I860, was the deficiency in the clothing and small
store account discovered, and that when discovered
was immediately reported to the Navy Department.
Thompson was immediately arrested and sent to jail,
in default of bail to the amount of $10,000. He was
subsequently bailed out, and is now awaiting his
trial. ... , . ,.
Accompanying the petition is a copy of the testi-
mony of the witnesses in the case, and also of the bill
found against Thompson by the grand jury of tho
District of Colutnbia, which appear to be conclusive
of his guilt. , , ,, •
The Navy Department takes a very favorable view
of Paymaster Fulton's application, as is apparent
from the following correspondence:
Navy Department, Washington,
February 11, 1867.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 5th instant, relating to the peti-
tion of Paymaster Jamos Fulton, and to transmit in
reply a communication from the chief of the Bu-
reau of Provisions and Clothing upon the subject.
The Department has now, as it has always had, the
fullest confidence in tho honesty and integrity of
Paymaster Fulton, and places perfect reliance upon
[ his statements.
The inclosures accompanying your letterare here-
with returned.
i Very respectfully, G. WELLES,
i Secretary of the Aavy.
Hon. Jamis W. Grimes, .
Chairman Naval Committee, United .s?atrs senate.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothino,
February 11,1867.
Sir • I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the letter of Hon. J. W. Grimes, chairman of tne
Naval Committee of the Senate, with the papers in
tho case of Paymaster J. Fulton, referred by you to
this bureau, and to report: . .
That Paymaster Fulton has always maintained tho
highest reputation at the department and in the ser-
vice for integrity and fidelity in the discharge of his
^'owing to the insufficient number of paymasters in
tho Navy at the time he was ordered to the Washing-
ton navy-yard, in February, 1865, it was impossible
to assign another paymaster with whom to divide
the duties, which were of so laborious and compli-
cated a nature as would otherwise have made it
advisable to do so.
His accounts for the expenditure of very large sums
of money have been promptly and fully settled.
His duties in disbursing money were such that he
was much absent from the inspection building, and
this gave to his clerk, who was thus necessarily leit
in charge, the opportunity to pursue a continuous
and systematic course of dishonesty.
Mr. Fulton received from his predecessor the very
highest recommendation of this clerk for honesty
and ability, and therefore very naturally gave mm
full access to articles of value at the inspection
building, when other duties obliged him to give his
personal attention at the pay-office, in another part
of the yard. , ... . . .. . «
Such confidence had this clerk inspired that Mr.
Fulton, is well as those paymasters who had pre-
