1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
of that fact that Congress changed the law so
that each settler upon a particular lot should
enter it for himself. That is the existing law
now.
But we are informed by the Senators from
the Pacific coast that their interests are pecu-*
liar and need the reenactment of this law, and
therefore I did not object to it. I was unwill-
ing, unless we should have the opinion of the
General Land Office on the subject, to extend
it to all the States and Territories. I can very
well see why there could not be such frauds
perpetrated on the Pacific coast as on this side.
At any rate, if they are perpetrated they will be
upon their own citizens. If a town is built up
in California that is a mere sham and a fraud
the people of California are likely to know it.
There cannot likely be frauds under this law,
and it is a matter of convenience to the people
out there, and I therefore support the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. It may not be necessary, but it is a pre-
caution to avoid the difficulty that arose under
the old law.
Mr. CONNESS. There are amendments
pending from the committee.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. There are
amendments reported by the committee still
undisposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I shall not occupy
the attention of the Senate again, I desire now
to except from the operations of this bill all
military or other reservations made by the
United States.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly, there is no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the old law they
attempted to cover the military reservation at
Leavenworth, worth $1,000,000, and tlicy also
endeavored to cover the Spring reservation in
Arkansas, which was worth an immense amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But that effort was not
a success. They cannot do that under the
existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the effort failed,
but it was made, and I think we should adopt
this precaution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The existing law is
against it, and the uniform decisions of the
office.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no harm
in.it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. My attention has not
been directed to this bill. It is a bill that is
called up this morning for the first time; but
I should like to hear from the chairman of the
committee, or some other member of it, the
specific advantages that this law has over the
old law. If the States of California and Ne-
vada derive any particular benefit from this
enactment I do not see why Oregon and the
Territories on the Pacific coast should not be
included, for they are very similar in many
respects, particularly so far as their public
lands are concerned. I should like to know
from that statement as to whether or not it
would be desirable to include Oregon in the
bill, because I want the State of Oregon to
enjoy all the advantages that the other States
on the Pacific do.
Mr. STEWART. 1 have no doubt it would
be an advantage to Oregon and. to Idaho and
Arizona to be included in this bill; but the
committee felt disposed to confine it to those
States where we had information from almost
every town that could be built, and where there
are now towns building for speculative pur-
poses. This is intended to cover the cases of
those actually and bona fide occupying the land
at present. Probably the same condition of
things exists in Oregon, in Arizona, and in
Idaho. If the Senator will move an amend-
ment to include Oregon I shall not oppose it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the amendments of
the committee will be acted upon first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As soon as
the debate closes the Chair will put the ques-
tion on the pending motion, which is the amend-
ment of the committee just read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to have an ex-
planation, if it is agreeable to the members of
the committee, as to the particular advantages
of this bill over the old bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will allow
the vote to be taken on these amendments we
will give that explanation in its proper order.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not give it before
we vote?
Mr. CONNESS. These are amendments
verbal in their character and should be made
first.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I liave no particular
desire to have any explanation made at this
time, unless by the adoption of the amendment
here, confining the bill to the States of Cali-
fornia and Nevada, we are concluded from
including other States.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that is not the case I
do not care as to the time when I hear the
explanation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator wants
Oregon included it can be done. I have no
objection to that, and I presume no member
of the committee would have any. The incon-
venience under the existing law is that for
many purposes a sufficient quantity of land
cannot be entered. The law as it now stands
limits the entry to a very small lot. It is
inconvenient in carrying on manufacturing and
mineral enterprises in that distant country.
Mr. CONNESS. I will make a brief state-
ment for the information of the Senator from
Oregon and of the Senate. I have in my hand
a petition from the citizens of one of the towns
in California. They have undertaken to enter
the land of their town under the existing so-
called town-lot law. The result is, that under
that law, after two years of time, not more than
half the people of the town have been able to
get a title to their lots. Others own lots jointly,
and the laws make no provision for joint en-
tries. In addition to that they find that they
cannot enter the streets nor the public squares
in the town. The title to those is in the United
States. The law, as it exists, is totally inap-
plicable to those towns. What we want is to
enable the authorities of each town to enter at
the minimum price of the public lands a given
number of acres, graded according to the pop-
ulation of the town or locality, so that it may
be entered in trust and then deeded according
to the possessions to the people. If the Sen-
ator from Oregon desires the benefit of the
law for his Stale—and I have no doubt it would
be beneficial to his State—of course he will
move to insert it. But there is nothing so
necessary as the provisions of this act for our
towns.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
California mean to be understood that this bill
provides that the corporate authorities of the
town may become the purchasers '! Is that the
scheme here ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I so understood him.
Mr. CONNESS. They simply enter the
land as agents in trust for the occupants, those
in possession.
Mr. HOWARD. Do they get a title?
Mr. CONNESS. A title for the occupants
from the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Then they become the
owners in trust.
Mr. CONNESS. In trust. That is it ex-
actly.
Mr. HOWARD. How much can they enter?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer that in a
moment. Where there is no corporate body
for organization the judge of the county enters
the land in trust. That is the old law. This
is simply a revival of the old law, which is very
much the better law. In the case of a town
with a population of between one hundred and
two hundred they are to enter three hundred
and twenty acres. The amount to be entered
is graduated according to the recommendation
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
5vill be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line three to strike out the word " sur-
veyed" before "public," and after the word
" lands" to insert "of the States of California
and Nevada."
Mr. STEWART. It is proposed to include
Oregon. Shall I put in Oregon ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; I think it would
bo better.
Mr. STEWART. I move to insert "Oregon"
before "California."
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of some
member of the Committee on Public Lands the
reason they have for striking out the word
'"surveyed" before "public lands" in line
three. Is it their purpose to allow any lands
that have never been surveyed at all to be en-
tered upon by the corporate authorities of the
township and appropriated in the manner pre-
scribed in the bill? Does not the law as it now
stands confine such entries to lands which have
been surveyed?
Mr. STEWART. The bill requires the
entry to bo made in conformity to the surveys!
Of course we shall have to extend the survey-
ing system; but it is not necessary that the
town shall have been sectionized and surveyed.
The latter portion of the bill, however, require.3
it in its exterior limits to conform to the gen-
eral surveys, so that there will be no confusion
about that. It is intended that tlio'y shall ac-
quire title to the property before the ground is
all surveys. Otherwise, I am afraid there are
a great many towns where they never will
acquire a title. In the mining region it is not
expected that all those deserts will ever be
surveyed. You find there a town located prob-
ably fifty miles from any arable land, for min-
ing purposes exclusively, and if you waited
until the surveys were extended to that land they
never could acquire title to the property at all,
because it would cost so much to survey it. It
is not the policy of the Government to survey
all those deserts. In surveying under the
mining_ law it is provided that they shall con-
nect with the general system by running stand-
ing lines to make the general system conform ;
so that if the land is ever surveyed there shall
be uniformity ; but there are large portions of
the public lands in the great desert there that
will never be sectionized.
Mr. HOWARD. It comes to this, then, I
suppose : that under this bill any person may
enter upon public land, although it may be
unsurveyed, and acquire it as a town plot in
the future, and may hold it.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the effect of the
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Only where they have set-
tled and made a town.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill is prospective I
suppose.
Mr. STEWART. There must be a certain
number of inhabitants there.
Mr. HOWARD. I confess I have a little
hesitation about granting this privilege to enter
upon unsurveyed public land and convcrt it
into town plots. It will open the door to great
speculations, to great frauds, and great injustice
to the public to grant this privilege with refer-
ence to unsurveyed land. There may be some
reasons for it in Pacific States which are not
applicable to other States.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not made applicable
to any other States.
Mr. HOWARD. I say there may be reasons
why this should be applied to the Pacific States
and not applied to the other States, but I have
not seen them very clearly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am satisfied that this
amendment proposed by the committee is ab-
solutely necessary to give this bill any practi-
cal value. Now, in the State where I live I
doubt very much whether any town has ever
been commenced upon the surveyed lands of
the State ; but wherever the advantages of a
location seem to indicate that a town is desira-
ble people congregate there and proceed at
