Ml CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man to hard labor in the State prison-in the
regular and ordinary course of law, and that ia
the only kind of involuntary servitude "known
to'the .Constitution and'the law. I will now
yield to allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr; Thayer] to have Ma amendment read.
■ The Clerk read as. follows f
'■Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following: ,
That any person or persons whoshall hereafter sell,
or offer for sale, or attempt to sell any person or per-
sons whomsoever within the limits of the United
States, or who shall make or issue any order for such
sale, or who ghallin anywise participate in such sale
or attempted.sale, shall be held to be guilty of felony,
ana shall, upon Conviction thereof, beimprisoned for
a period of time not exceeding ten years, or fined in a
sum not exceeding $10,000, or both, in the discretion
of the court by which such offender shall be tried.
u, Mr. THAYER. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman, at some time when conven-
ient to himself, to say a very few words in
support of my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I will say that if that were
added as an additional section to the bill and the
title were altered so as to conform to it, I should
have no objection to that legislation to enforce
what I have declared to be the present state
of the law. I want this construction as a mat-
ter of justice to the . Congress of the United
States and the people who adopted the consti-
tutional amendment, to show that they never
intended chattel slavery to be reestablished
under any circumstances; and I have no ob-
jection to taking the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania as a second section to
enforce the construction which f insist on.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will allow
me a single moment I will say that I think the
construction sufficiently appears from his pre-
amble.
I do not like, I must confess, the idea of
Jaws being passed purporting upon their face
to construe the Constitution. But I assume
and I presume no man doubts that the true
interpretation of the constitutional amendment
is exactly that which is proposed by the gen-
tleman from Iowa. I propose to assume that
it is a gross violation of the Constitution of the
United States and of the liberties of the citizen
of the United States to attempt to sell a man
at public auction, either in fee-simple or for a
term of years. I propose to assume this and
to enact a law which shall punish any violation
of that constitutional provision.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say, before yield-
ing for this amendment, that while I think this
construction ought to be given as a matter
of justice to the Congress and people of the
United States, I also agree that we ought to
impose penalties upon every man who takes
part in a violation of the law which is pre-
sumed to have been established by the consti-
tutional amendment. I shall probably adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, but I wish further time to examine it.
I desire, if possible, to get a unanimous ex-
pression from this House, whether or not they
are in favor of this construction of the Con-
stitution. Why, sir, every single step that any
man in this body or out of it has taken to pro-
tect these southern people in what they call
their "rights," every single movement that
comes under the denomination of "magna-
nimity to the South," has been met by them with
such action as has destroyed the political char-
acter and reputation of every man who has
attempted to befriend them; they have de-
stroyed every Republican who has attempted to
hold back what have been called "radical"
measures; they have destroyed the Democratic
party, that has attempted to insist upon their
immediate right of representation; and they
will continue to destroy the political reputation
of every man who attempts to stem this great
current of civil rights and individual freedom
throughout the United States.
And yet they come here and claim from us
that they must have their State rights; that if
they wish to sell negroes into slavery, we shall
let. them sell them; that if they wish to whip
them into exclusion from all possible right of
voting, we shall let them whip them into that
January 8,
condition; that if they wish to drive loyal men
out of the South, we must let them drive them
out of the South. And then, when we point
to outrages like those to which I have referred,
they come to us and say, " Why, you must not
hold this community responsible for the act of
an individual—a justice of the peace, or the
judge of a single court."
Sir, I hold that for every organic expression
of this hostility to the United States that com-
munity is to be held responsible. In my judg-
ment there exists to-day in many parts of the
South' a rebellion against the lawful authority
of the, United States* They are attempting,
by trickery and deception such as would do
dishonor to that imaginary Yankee who is
ever present in the brains of the South to-day,
they are attempting, by that deception and
trickery, odious and horrible in character, to
defeat the wisest and most humane laws which
we are passing for the protection of free citi-
zens of the South. And if they tell me that
it is not their organic will, and that we must
not hold innocent men responsible for the acts
of the guilty, I say to them, "Point me to your
public press for any articles that denounce these
outrages; point me to your political conven-
tions that denounce them; point me to any
public-meetings that attempt to create a better •
public sentiment; point me to your pulpits that
dare denounce outrages of life and limb to the
innocent sufferer on account of his color; point
me to your courts that construe one solitary
law of the United States in the sense and inter-
est it was designed to enforce and protect; do
this, and then I will excuse the individual out-
rage ; _ but until you do that, I hold the body
organic and politic of the South responsible
for the infamous crimes and misdemeanors
they are daily perpetrating against what we
regard as the rights of the citizen under the
Constitution and the laws." When they shall
thus reform their organic actioa, then they can
come to us and ask for magnanimity in our treat-
ment of them. But first they must take care
that all free men, white or black, who adhere
to the Government of the United States shall
be protected as fully as one of their own class
of citizens. Until that is done they have no
claim to represent themselves in the Congress
of the United States, for the simple reason that
there is a continual moral, political, and organic
rebellion going on in the South to-day, charac-
terized by every act of rebellion except the act
of armed and organized military resistance.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman if he is aware that there are some
three thousand Indians held in slavery at this
time in the Territories of New Mexico and
Colorado ?
Mr. KASSON. I understand they are held
in what they call peonage, which is very like
slavery, and this side of the House, within a
few days past, has taken action with a view to
remedy that evil.
Mr. ROSS. I am very glad to hear of it.
Mr. KASSON. And I have no doubt my
excellent friend from Illinois [Mr. Ross] will
have his name recorded against any action
which will tend to abolish that system.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. Is the gentleman aware that
Government officers are owning and buying
and selling these Indians in slavery in New
Mexico and Colorado?
Mr. KASSON. If so, the President of the
United States, as Chief of the Army, should
take the advice of my friend and have them
court-martialed for violating the Constitution
and laws of the United States. [Laughter.]
I hope the gentleman will advise the President
in good faith to adopt that course. Sir, I wish
we could convert my friend and all on his side
of the House to an enlightened view of these
subjects. Do they not see that they are daily
descending into party ruin by attempting to
oppose or ignore the great principles of human
liberty and human progress ? Do they not know
that an idea of liberty and progress will ride
right oyer any amount of Democratic flesh and
crush it under its invisible wheels? There is
nothing that can stand in the way of the prog-
ress of theseideas except folly, and that must be
crushed as they go on to victory. Every party
that chooses to stand in this country for an hour
must_ adopt something at' least of these pro-
gressive ideas. They must accept the new in-
terpretations of the Constitution and laws that
arise from a new condition of facts to which the
Constitution and laws apply. The great infirm-
ity of the executive administration to-day is, that
it does not accept this light thrown upon the
duties connected with their office. They adhere
to opinions that were buried in the war, in the
graves of the rebellion. The southern states-
man has always been guided simply by formal
dogmatic declarations from which he argued to
results. _ The northern mind, the great loyal
and Union intellect of the country, argues from
ideas as the foundation of statesmanship, and
hence has risen to power and will hold power
supremely in this country until it abandons
these ideas and crystalizes itself in arbitrary
forms, without progress for the future. I make
this earnest request—this supplication even—to
my friends on the other side, in the interest of
that freedom, which can be greatly aided by the
unanimous action of this House, which will
have its effect ,o ver all the people of this coun-
try, and even the judicial tribunals themselves,
to take this step with us for the interest of
personal liberty.
Now, sir, I desire a vote on this subject, and
though I am willing to yield to other gentle-
men I desire to retain the floor for the purpose
of moving the previous question. I am ready
to yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr.Thayer.] Howmuchtime doeshedesire?
Mr. THAYER. Not more than ten minutes.
_ Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Thirty minutes.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to the gentleman.
_ Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion which is embraced in the pending measure
is, in my judgment, peremptorily demanded by
the present circumstances of the country. It
was to be apprehended, sir, I suppose, that an
institution so deeply rooted as was the institu-
tion of slavery, which was for so many years
apparently so invulnerable, and which, although
it has received at the hands of the people of
the United States its mortal wound, yet con-
tinues even amid the throes of its last agony to
assert something of its former malignant power;
I say it was to be apprehended that such an
institution would even yet make some feeble
struggles for vitality, in opposition to the great
decision of the people against its future exist-
ence. We were prepared for it; and the occa-
sion which calls for and demands the instant
passage of the proposed law is one which we
might naturally have anticipated.
Sir, we have been told by th# gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Finck] that legal proceedings
have been instituted against the judge in Mary-
land who had the audacity, in the face of the
constitutional amendment and in the face of
the civil rights law, to offer for sale four human
beings, citizens of the United States and pro-
tected by its laws. But, sir, does not the gen-
tleman know that in the Senate of the State
of Maryland a bill has already been introduced
to indemnify that judge against the conse-
quences of his unlawful conduct, and to save
him harmless from the outrage which he has
attempted to inflict under color of State law.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman will allow
me to inquire whether he does not also know
the fact that a bill has been introduced in the
Maryland Senate for the purpose of repealing
those provisions of the legislation of that State
which now authorize penal slavery.
Mr. THAYER. I do notknow howthat is.
Mr. PHELPS. Such is the fact.
Mr. THAYER. I will say, in reply to my
honorable friend, that, however that matter
may be, I have been credibly informed that
the statement I have made is the fact, and that
