1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Legislature of Maryland in aU probability
is about to attempt, so far as it has the power
so to do, to indemnify this cruel and insubor-
dinate judge for his outrages against American
citizenship.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Pennsylvania, as a lawyer, whether that
bill, if passed, would in any manner affect the
legal right which the men sold would have to
appeal to the courts.
Mr. THAYER. I will answer my friend. I
do, not know what the details of that bill may
be; .1 have never seen it; but the information
which I have received, that such a bill has
been introduced into the Maryland Senate, is
of a reliable character.
Mr. FINCK. One word more.
Mr. THAYER. I must ask the gentleman
to excuse me, as my time has nearly expired.
I have but a moment left, and I wish to explain
to the House the object of my amendment. I
was about saying when I was up before, that
I have a repugnance to the passage of a law
the sole object and purport of which is to con-
strue an article of the Constitution of the U nited
States. In my judgment, a law which is to
enforce a particular construction of the Con-
stitution of the United States should assume
that that construction is not only the just and
true construction, but the only construction—
in a word, that the evil intended to be prevented
b the proposed law is already prohibited by
the Constitution. We do not sit here, sir, to
enact general views in regard to what may or
may not be the proper and legal construction
of the Constitution of the United States. Nor
would it be of any use to do so, for the evil
would, notwithstanding our general abstrac-
tions, remain unpunished and unredressed.
Now, sir, I propose as a substitute for the sev-
eral declarations contained in the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio a law to enforce the
Constitution of the United States; a law mak-
ing those monstrous cruelties which are already
plainly unconstitutional, and the perpetration
of which is a violation of the dearest rights of
citizenship, a crime punishable as a felony. I
propose to rear an effectual safeguard in the
future against these atrocious violations of the
thirteenth article of the Constitution. Let us
punish the offense ; in that way we shall abolish
it. The courts of the United States and the
officers of the United States must be charged
with the duty of enforcing the Constitution in
this respect in their several jurisdictions, and
those who violate the Constitution and inso-
lently trample upon the rights and immunities
which are guarantied by it to the humblest citi-
zen who dwells beneath its protecting shelter
must be made, by adequate laws, to feel its
power in the condign punishment which it can
inflict. I propose, therefore, to strike out the
pending resolution, leaving the preamble to
stand as it is, and to substitute in the place of
the resolution a law making this offense a felony
against the United States, and punishable in
the manner specified in my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Pennsylvania, that perhaps his
proposition covers all the points I desire, with
one exception. It does not touch the case of
those who are now held in bondage. I pro-
pose to modify it by inserting these words:
*' or who shall hereafter hold in servitude any
person so sold/'
Mr. THAYER. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa accept the amendment, as modified, for
his own resolution?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the proposition
submitted by the gentleman from Iowa, in all
its length and breadth, for on that question
my opinion is very clear that the Government
of this country, deriving its powers from the
Constitution of the United States, is divided
between the executive, legislative and judicial
departments, that it is a Government of defined
and limited powers, and that any enlargement
or encroachment upon the part of any one of
these departments beyond its constitutional
province is an usurpation that ought not to be
countenanced. I believe, sir, it is the province
of the legislative department to make laws, of
the executive to administer them, and of the
judiciary to expound them. I do not believe
that a proposition, such as I understand this one
to be, assuming virtually upon the part of Con-
gress the power and right to construe a provis-
ion of the Constitution admitted to be doubtful,
is a legitimate exercise of thepowers of this
branch of the Government. For that reason,
and for that reason only, I shall vote against
the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa.
But, sir, I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood, while these are my views of the consti-
tutional aspect of the question, I fully concur
with him in the ideas he has suggested m regard
to the necessity of some constitutional, proper,
legislation for the purpose of preventing that
form of involuntary servitude known as penal
slavery, or the sale of a convict's labor for
crime. Thatlegislation, in my opinion, belongs
to the States concerned ; and I have no hes-
itation in saying that, if I were a member of
the Legislature of Maryland, I should promptly
vote for a proposition involving the same prin-
ciples that he has introduced here. Such a
provision has already been introduced into
the Legislature of that State. And I may be
permitted to say there is no State of this
Union which has accepted emancipation in
better faith than the State which I have the
honor in part to represent upon this floor.
Maryland pioneered the path of constitutional
emancipation for the General Government by
the amendment of her own constitution, which
preceded the action in the same direction of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress. And it may be
doubted whether the constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery throughout the United
States could have secured the requisite majority
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress but for the
impetus given to that movement by the exam-
ple of Maryland.
In regard to the statute providing for invol-
untary servitude for crime, which has been
brought into controversy, I have to say that,
so far from the act referred to as passed by the
Legislature of Maryland having been enacted
in any spirit of hostility or opposition to the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
or to the constitutional provision incorporated
into the organic act of that State, it is an old
act, passed originally in 1835, amended and
reenaeted in 1858, and again amended and re-
enacted in 1862, by a Legislature the complex-
ion of which gentlemen will understand when
I tell them it was the one that raised money
and regiments for the defense of the Govern-
ment. It was that Legislature which reenaeted
that part of the code of Maryland, and that
act was passed in the Senate by the vote of all
the members but two, and in the House of
Delegates by the vote of all but six, including
in the majority many of the most eminent and
conspicuous loyal men, even upon the radical
side. I need do no more than mention as one
who voted in the majority on that question the
gentleman who was selected by Congress to
deliver, before the two Houses and before
the Supreme Court of the United States, a
eulogy upon the life and character of my la-
mented predecessor, Mr. Davis.
Mr. KASSON. I do not understand in what
year the action to which the gentleman refers
was taken.
Mr. PHELPS. In 1862.
Mr. KASSON. Prior to the adoption of
the constitutional amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. Prior, of course.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to state that my ob-
jection is not to what was done before, but that
judges are adhering so closely to the old ideas,
notwithstanding the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman yill pardon
me for telling him that I think he has hardly
followed me m my remarks, or has misappre-
hended their scope. The law to which he
refers was not originally passed and is not
now adhered to in any such spirit as is sap-
posed by the gentleman.
Mr. KASSON. Will my friend state whether
or not these condemnations have not occurred
under that law?
Mr. PHELPS. I have not come to the sub-
ject of those condemnations. I am about
reaching that. They have eertainly_beeu made
under that law. In regard to the particular
cases to which the gentleman refers, it was a
question of grave doubt in the minds of the
judges before whom the question was brought
whether, by the terms of the clause in the con-
stitution of Maryland, which is in the same lan-
guage as is contained in the ordinance of 1787
and in the constitutional amendment now un-
der review, it was lawful for the State of Mary-
land to sell a person of color convicted of crime
into involuntary servitude. And I can tell him
that among those foremost in arguing that
question in behalf of the power of the courts
to decide that law were the prisoners' counsel
themselves. In one case, at least, a gentleman
Srominently connected with the Freedmen's
nreau in Maryland, a well-known friend of
the negro race, appealed to the court upon the
ground of humanity to the negroes not to con-
fine them within the walls of the penitentiary,
which had been filled to overflowing by reason
of the siidden emancipation—a large number of
them persons reduced to vagrancy and theft—
but to sell them for a limited time into invol-
untary servitude. Accordingly, in some cases,
where there were extenuating circumstances,
the sentence of imprisonment at hard labor
was, as it was supposed by the prisoner, hj3
friends, and the court, mitigated to a sale of
the convict's labor for a limited period. It
was, therefore, on the ground of humanity to
the negro himself that this action was taken
by the courts, and at the instance and advice
of the prisoner's counsel and friends. Of the
truth of this assertion I defy contradiction. .
I am not here to oppose the adoption of any
appropriate legislation which shall wipe away
at once and forever every vestige of the insti-
tution of slavery. The people that I represent
would not sustain me in assuming any such
attitude on this floor, even if it were not repul-
sive to my own feelings and convictions. I
desire simply to vindicate these people against
unfounded, unjust, and uncalled for imputa-
tions.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to know whether the
gentleman is in favor of or opposed to the
humane practice which he has referred to;
whether he is in favor of that system of law
which requires humane people to buy their
friends, or whether he is opposed to it.
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the gentleman.
If he had done me the honor to attend to the
remarks I have been making it would not have
been necessary for him to put that interroga-
tory. I have already said I am unequivocally
opposed to the system of penal servitude, as to
all other forms of human slavery, and if the
occasion offered would, without a moment's
hesitation, sanction any appropriate measure
for its removal.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to say that my rea-
son for askiifg the gentleman the question was
because I understood him to eulogize the sys-
tem, while in a few moments afterward he pro-
nounced himself unconditionally opposed to it.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me entirely. If I had been the judge of
the court I should have refused to accede to
the request of the prisoners' counsel, and in-
stead of ordering them into the custody of their
friends for a limited period, under the nominal
title o£ slaves, to range at liberty and commit
other crimes, I would have consigned these
negroes—I beg the gentleman's pardon ,- I do
not know if it is in order now to cail such per-
sons negroes—I would have consigned these
colored convicts to the penitentiary for_ such
term of imprisonment at hard labor, within the
limits prescribed by law, as their offenses de-
served. But I can at the same time make
