1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
acter which they asked. It was represented
to me that a long time ago a certain square or
lot, at that time far outside of the city, was
conveyed to the Methodist Episcopal Church for
the gcueralpurposes of that church; and that
since that time they gave authority for certain
persons to bury their dead within the^ limits
of that square. Many years ago certain per-
sons did bury their dead there and the square
was improved for a while; but inconsequence
of the approach of population and the city
toward this square, indeed surrounding it and
beyond it, as the lot itself being a small one,
it became in their opinion a place improper
for burial purposes, and many of the parties
who had buried their dead there, seeing that
the improvements on the lot were going into
dilapidation, moved by respect for the dead,
of their own free will took up the remains and
transferred them to cemetries outside of the
city. Both on account of its being encroached
upon by the population and from the abandon-
ment of it for burial purposes by many of
those who had the remains of their dead there,
it seemed to me highly improper that it should
be any longer retained for that purpose.
I made inquiry as to the character of the
. conveyance that had been made to the trustees
of this church originally. I was assured that
there was no special trust contained in the deed
limiting the use of that lot to any definite or
particular purpose; but I advised the parties to
place in the possession of the chairman of the
committee the origiual deed, or a copy of it, so
that he might be advised upon that subject.
Upon inquiry of him just now I learned that
the deed was placed in his possession and that
it did not contain any limitations of the char-
acter that I have referred to, malting it obliga-
tory to appropriate the lot to any specific pur-
pose; but the deed has been withdrawn by the
parlies and is not now here. I understand from
the chairman, however, that such is the char-
acter of the deed.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 am satisfied.
Mr. WILLISY. I am certain the city will
have to interfere before long, and as a police
regulation take these remains away. The bill,
I understand, makes ample provision for the
removal of the remains and their decent sepult-
ure elsewhere. It is a matter of necessity to
the church to have this lot sold. The city will
be benefited by it; the friends of the dead will
be benefited by it, and the church will be bene-
fited by it, in my estimation. 1 hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say a word in
response to the remark of the Senator from
Maryland^ that the dead ought not to bo dis-
turbed. fhat question arose whether suitable
provision ought to -bo made and whether this
was an adversary proceeding. A letter was
addressed to me by the parties interested say-
ing that if provision should bo made for the
removal of the dead and their decent sepulture
elsewhere all concerned were satisfied there
would be no objection to the measure. 1 did
not, therefore, regard the bill as in any sense
an adversary proceeding.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION.
I move to take up Senate bill
No. 175.
J£he motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
i i •>) to incorporate the Pharmaceutical Associa-
ol the District of Columbia was considered
as m Commntec of the Whole. It proposes to
constitute \alentme Harbaugh, John L. Kid-
well, Joseph W. Nairn, Francis S. Walsh,
,iY' o ,rtU Josepb B. Moore, James N.
( allan, Samuel lii. lyson, and such other per-
sons as are now members of the association in
the District of Columbia known as* the Phar-
maceutical Association of the District of Co-
lumbia, or shall hereafter become members of
■the same, a corporation and body-politic, for
the purpose of cultivating, improving, and
making known a knowledge of pharmacy, its
collateral branches of science, and the best
modes of preparing medicines and of giving
instruction in the same.
Mr. JOHNSON. lam not sure that I un-
derstand the extent of the limitation as to the
value of the property which this corporation
is to hold. I think the bill says that the
amount of real and personal property which
they may hold is not to exceed $20,000 in
value. That limitation is too small to carry
out the purposes of the corporation if that be
the meaning of the limitation. They are to
buy a lot and build a house, and I suppose the
house and lot would cost at least $20,000.
Then they are to buy all the personal prop-
erty absolutely necessary to the objects of the
corporation. I suggest to my friend from
Illinois that he had better look at the limit-
ation to be found in the first section and see
whether it is not too small a limitation, pro-
vided it applies to all the property they may
hold. „
Mr. YATES. This is an enterprise inaugu-
rated by the young men in the apothecary
stores, more particularly to have some means
provided to secure the correct preparation of
medicines according to physicians' prescrip-
tions, and to promote medical sciences gen-
erally. I think the suggestion of the Senator
from Maryland is very correct, and I move to
amend the bill by striking out in the nineteenth
line of the firstsection the word " twenty" and
inserting " forty," so as to make $40,000 the
limit.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it would be
better to say $50,000.
Mr. YATES. Very well; I move that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the attention of the
Senator from Illinois to the phraseology of the
bill in the twelfth line of the firstsection, where
these words are used, "and as such to have
continuance forever." I do not see any very
great objection to this clause, as it is qualified
by the succeeding words, "or until Congress
shall direct this charter to cea-se and deter-
mine but I think the language is a little un-
usual, and if there bo rfd objection I move to
strike out "to have continuance forever or
until" and insert "shall have perpetual suc-
cession unless."
.Mr. JOHNSON. That is bettor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
VAGRANT CHILDREN.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S.
No. 573) supplementary to the act incorporat-
ing the Newsboys' Homo and providing for
the relief of certain minor children in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to change the name of the " News-
boys'Homo of Washington city" to that of
the "Newsboys' Home and Children's Aid
Society of the District of Columbia," and to
enlarge the powers and duties of its president
and board of managers as to embrace minor
children committed to their care by the parents
of such children, or by the persons charged
with their maintenance, and also other minor
children, being vagrant, destitute, or deserted
by their parents or by the persons charged with
their maintenance, and proceeds to make pro-
vision for the mode of committing such chil-
dren.
_ Mr. JOHNSON. The purpose of the bill
is evidently a proper one, and all I propose to
do by way of amendment is to secure to the
parents of vagrant children who are too poor
to do anything for them, and who are members
of a church, the privilege of having their
children turned over to a society which may
belong to that church and which may be capa-
ble of taking care of them in the way sug-
gested by the bill. I understand that there
was at one time in New York a bill pretty
much like the o,ne upon the table, and the
operation of it was found to be very injurious
in the estimation of the Catholic church, par-
ticularly in what they supposed was the interest
of that cliurch. Children were taken up found
wandering about the streets and sent to some
Protestant association, and tlje parents never
found out where their children were, and had no
means of finding out. A society was afterward
incorporated in New York authorized to take
charge of children of that description, and it
was made obligatory on the persons whose
duty it was to take charge of vagrant children
and children without parents to turn them over
to the particular church of the parents if it had
an association of the kind. We have in the
city of Baltimore an institution of that sort,
which operates, as I have reason to believe,
very beneficially, and it is approved of, not only
by members of the Catholic church, but by the
members of the other religious societies. I
propose, therefore, to amend this bill by insert-
ing as a new section, after the third section,
the following:
And be it further enacted, That when the said courts
or magistrates shall discover from competent testi-
mony that the children brought before them belong
to parents who are members of some particular
religious denomination orsociety, these children shall
bo handed over by tho action of the courts or magis-
trates or tho agent or committee of their respective
religious denomination : Provided, It be well ascer-
tained that the latter have made sufficient provision
for the care and protection, of such children: And
:provided also. That the parents or guardians of the
children be immediately notified of such proceedings.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think that ought
to be allowed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think we ought
to_ legislate for a sectarian affair. I do not
think the courts of law ought to be charged
with the duty of settling whether this child or
that child belongs to a particular theology or
a particular sect or a particular denomination.
I should regret exceedingly to see the day
when it should become the duty of the judicial
tribunals of this country to settle whether the
custody of a particular child should be given
over to a particular sect or denomination. If
the charity herein provided for is not broad
enough, and if it is not safe to trust this author-
ity in the hands of these persons, irrespective
of the religious creeds of the parents, and we
are to remand a child to custody according to
the religious opinions of the parents, I think
we had better abandon tho whole thing.
That is the way it strikes mo. It would be
inevitable in the nature of the ease, according
to the provisions of this amendment, that if a
child were brought before a magistrate the
magistrate must inquire into the facts, the re-
ligious character of the parents ; and further,
whether the society of the church or denomi-
nation or sect to which such parent or child
belonged, the parent particularly, is in a con-
dition to make suitable provision for the child,
I do not see but what you would have arrayed
before that magistrate a war of sects inevitably,
which, it strikes me, is very much to be depre-
cated.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see how there
can be any war of sects if the amendment
should be adopted and carried out in its true
spirit according to its true meaning. We are
about to incorporate now certain persons; I do
not know to what religious sect they belong,
either in whole or in part; but the practical
operation, I understand, of a measure of .this
description, in the absence of some such
amendment as I have suggested, is that all
children who are" taken up are sent to the par-
ticular religious society and brought up in the
particular religion to which the corporators
belong, and the result has been, as I am told,
tha.t hundreds and hundreds of children never
find out who their parents are and the parents
are never able to find out where their children
are. The effect of an amendment of this de-
scription would be to enable the parent to find
out, because he would go to the church to which
