IBM.
WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
special commissioner of the revenue, and tea -thou-
sand copies of the form of bill accompanying the
same; and for the use of the Treasury Department
one thousand copies of the report, and fire hundred
copies of the form of bill.
BREAKWATER AT CRESCENT CITY, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BID WELL. I desire, by unanimous
consent, to move the printing of the memorial
presented this morning relative to a break-
water at the port of Crescent Oity, California.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
I see no necessity for printing things of this
sort.
Mr. BIDWELL. There is great necessity
for it.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 543, to
provide for restoring to the States lately in
insurrection their full political rights, on which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is
entitled to the floor. The pending question is
on the motion to refer the bill and amendments
to thejoint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall. ]
Mr. BROOM ALL. Mr. Speaker, in the spring
of 1865 the military forces of the late confede-
rate States of America surrendered themselves
as prisoners of war to the arms of the Federal
Government As a eivil power the pretended
confederacy then ceased to exist, and the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the forces of the United
States took military possession of the con-
quered eountry. That year and the next have
passed away, and yet, except in the ease of
Tennessee, the supreme power of the con-
queror has done nothing to relieve the subju-
gated people from their condition as prisoners
of war, nothing to give them eivil governments,
or to enable them to form such governments
for themselves.
It is not without cause that all parties in the
South complain of this unreasonable delay. It
is not without cause that the friends of the
Executive reproach the national Legislature
with condemning his policy without setting up
something in its stead. We accuse the Presi-
dent of having surrendered the fruits of our
victories to the enemy, yet we take no steps to
rescue them out of his hands. We charge the
President with having deserted our allies, the
loyal men of the South,"and placed them under
the control of Organizations as thoroughly
rebel as those which formed constituent parts
of the late confederacy, yet we content our-
selves with simply inquiring into and publish-
ing the enormities daily perpetrated by those
organizations and the men who uphold them.
We know that the loyal people of the South
have no protection for life or property. We
know that they are being murdered by hun-
dreds for no other offense than that of having
fought on the side of their country, and the
fact that they wear its uniform is the sufficient
evidence against them. We know that a con-
vention of unarmed men, met under the guar-
antee of the Constitution of the United States
to deliberate on public affairs, has been dis-
persed by violence and its -members shot down
in the public streets in open day by those who
pretended to act under the authority of the
Government, yet we do nothing to provide
tribunals and laws for the adequate punish-
ment of the perpetrators of these deeds.
Surely the time has come for action. The
loyal citizen of the United States, residing in
the territory which he aided to reclaim from
the public enemy, has a right to demand pro-
tection at the hands of his Government. We
are called upon to act by the duty, which even
savages rccognize, of shielding allies against
a common foe. We are called upon by our
condition as conquerors to give civil govern-
ments to tli£ conquered. We are called upon
by our immense national debt to organize the
South, that its resources nviy be developed,
and thereby may aid iu lessening the public
burdens.
The bill now before the House proposes to
relieve the inhabitants of the conquered coun-
try from their condition as prisoners of war,
and to declare all of them citizens of the Uni-
ted States except a small minority of the more
active participants in the late rebellion. It
proposes to treat these people in the manner
most favorable to themselves, to consider them
residents of territory within the Emits of the
United States and not embraced in any organ-
ized State. It proposes to enable them to
form for themselves State governments, to be
admitted into the Union on a footing with the
other States thereof as soon as they shall have
been ascertained to be republican in form and
so constituted as to secure equal rights to all
citizens.
It provides a process similar to the natural-
ization of persons of foreign birth by which
those exempted from the general operation of
the bill may become again citizensjpf the United
States. This class embraces the comparatively
small number who voluntarily accepted office
under the late confederacy, and took upon
themselves its allegiance by actual oath, and
who cannot now swear that on and at all times
after March 4, 1864, they desired to return to
their old allegiance, and that they gave no vol-
untary aid or encouragement to the rebellion
after that date.
The right to place these men on a footing
with men of foreign birth cannot be denied.
We have always maintained the right of expa-
triation. Any American citizen may lawfully
renounce his allegiance and take upon himself
that of another Government, but it is only at
our option that he may do so and still remain
in the country. The crime of these men was
not the formation of the southern confederacy.
To that there could be no legal or actual ob-
jection. Their crimc was the taking of our
soil, our property, forming their new govern-
ment within our borders. If they had estab-
lished it within the limits of Mexico, as some
of their predecessors onee did, it might have
still existed, and that without cause of com-
plaint on our part unless we were bound to
prevent it by treaty stipulations with Mexico.
In that event surely they would, at least at our
option, have ceased to be American citizens.
Tree, their government has fallen, but this was
no merit of theirs- They did what they could
to establish it, and it is not for them to say
that it never had a legal existence. In short,
we but take them at their word. They declared
themselves no longer citizens of the United
States. They acted against us upon that dec-
laration. We admit it, and they are estopped
from denying it now.
It is urged against the bill under considera-
tion that it proposes to destroy existing State
governments, and to create new ones in their
stead, and that this is beyond the constitutional
power of Congress. This objection is based
upon the assumption that there are existing
State governments in the territory reclaimed
from the military forces of the late confederacy.
Let us examine the foundation for this assump-
tion. Take the case of North Carolina, and
that pretended State stands upon precisely the
same footing with all the others. If the or-
ganization existing in that district of the con-
quered country is a State of the Union in the
sense iu which that term has always been under-
stood it must be either because it was a party to
the original compact or because it has been
admitted to participation in that compact by
legitimate authority since. If it ever was a
State of the Union it is necessary also that
nothing which has since transpired should
have deprived it of its rights as a member of
the compact. These positions will not be con-
troverted. To fix upon its legal status all that
is needed therefore is to consult its history.
There was a State of North Carolina, a
party to the original compact. Let us admit
for the ^present that this organization is that
one. Under this view the inquiry will be : has
it lost its position by any tiling which has trans-
pired since?
In 1801 North Carolina passed an ordinance
of secession dissolving the connection with he?
fellow States. It is urged that this ordinance
was void. I grant it, and Igrant, too, that if no
act had followed the ordinance, North Carolina
would still be a State of the Union. But she
took up arms to maintain by force what she had
resolved by legislation. She formed an alliance
with other States and levied public war against
the Government. These acts, however wrong,
fill, were not void. It is a fact not to be explained
away that war existed for four long years, and
that she and her allies constituted one belli-
gerent and the Government of the eountry the
other. Now, the existence of war, according
to all the writers upon public law, terminates
all treaties, all compacts, puis an end to all
eivil relations th t existed between the belliger-.
ents and the ending of the war of itself does not
revive them.
If the war terminates by treaty, the treaty
fixes the future relations of the parties. If it
terminates bv. conquest, the law of nations
fixes those future relations. That law holds
the conquered to be mere prisoners of war with
no civil rights whatever as against tie eon-
queror. It was certainly competent for the
war to end by treaty, and if it had done so,
what lawyer would now look to the Constitu-
tion of the United States for the present status
of North Carolina? If the supposed treaty had
restored the status ante helium, then, indeed,
the Constitution would be looked to to ascer-
tain that status, but when ascertained it would
be founded upon the treaty and nothing else.
Ending, as the war actually did, by victory on
the one side and unconditional submission on
the other, the laws of war leave the parties as
the war leaves them until the supreme power
of the conqueror grants civil rights to the con-
quered.
It is sometimes alleged that the surrender
of the rebels was not unconditional, and an
attempt has been made in certain quarters to
give the terms of the surrender the force and
effect of a treaty restoring the status ante
be,Uum. This position is too absurd for serious
consideration. The surrender was as prisoners
of war, than which nothing can be more un-
conditional. And if this were not so, who
gave the commanding General the power to
make such a treaty, either in term3 or by
implication? Who gave the President the
power to make such a treaty or indeed any
other, except with the consent of the Senate?
General Grant knew his duty as a soldier too
well to usurp the highest law-making power
of the country, the right to make treaties.
His power to contract with the enemy was
limited to the purposes and the duration of
the war, and he did not transcend that power.
It is contended by some that the State of
North Carolina did not rebel; that during the
war the State remained loyal, but with its
functions suspended, and that only the citizens
rebelled. This is a possible assertion, but it
is not true. Individual citizens do not levy
war. Rebellions are organized bodies of men,
not necessarily States, nor even preexisting
organizations: but always organizations. It
is a queston of fact, to be settled by the history
of the times, whether the organization that
rebelled in North Carolina was or was not the
State. It claimed to be the State. It per-
formed the functions of the State. It had the
necessary elements of the State. It was the
only similar organization within its limits; the
only organization within its limits that pos-
sessed executive, judicial, and legislative de-
partments. Its various offices were held and
exercised by those who had held and exercised
the corresponding offices of the State, and their
successors. If it was not the original State
wrongfully out of its lino of duty and in rebel*
lion against the Government, it is difficult to
conceive what it was, and where and what
that State was whose functions it was per-
forming.
The State of North Carolina did rebel, did
repudiate the Constitution of the United States,
did form an alliance with the public enemy,
did levy war against the Government, and
