1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
entitled "A resolution for the relief of the State
of Wisconsin," approved July 1, 1864.
Objection was made.
The rules were not suspended.
permission to record votes.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have been absent from the
House for several days on account of sick-
ness, and I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to record my vote on the passage of the
two bills vetoed by the President.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the same privilege will be accorded to other
members who were absent and desire to record
their votes on the same bills.
Mr. THAYER. I make the stipulation that
it shall not change the result.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
not.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
explanation.
The SPEAKER. A few minutes ago the
Chair stated that the President had signed the
Army appropriation bill and the tariff bill
relating to wool and woolens. On further
examination he finds that the bill which was
signed was that putting tastings, mohair cloth,
&c., on the free list which was introduced
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Alley.] [Laughter.] The bill in regard to
wool and woolens has not been signed. 4
The Chair will also state that the President
has signed the deficiency appropriation bill
and the bankrupt bill. [Applause.]
committee to wait on tiie president.
Mr. DAWES moved that a committee of two
be appointed, in conjunction with a like com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, to wait upon
the President of the United States, to inform
him that the Thirty-Ninth Congress was ready
to adjourn, and to inquire whether he had any
further communication to make to them.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr. Le Blond as
the committee on the part of the House.
documents of retirinq members.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am desired by several
members to appeal to gentlemen here who will
be members of the next Congress, in respect to
the undistributed public documents to which
the retiring members of this Congress are en-
titled, but which they will not receive unless
some action is had upon the subject by the next
Congress.
I am aware that a resolution was passed by
this House cutting off retiring members from
the documents which they would otherwise
receive. I submit that it is a matter of a good
deal of importance to some members, and I
take this opportunity as I am desired, so that it
may go on the record, to ask of the Speaker
his construction of the resolution which was
passed the other day ; whether a simple reso-
lution of the next Congress would have the
effect to repeal it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not under-
take to anticipate what the Speaker of the
Fortieth Congress will decide. The question
will come within his province, and it is not
within the province of the Speaker of the
present Congress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I think the
Speaker would be perfectly safe in anticipating.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. It has been suggested as a reason
why the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee may be offered, that a similar resolution
was adopted in the Thirtry-Ninth Congress in
reference to documents for members of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress. I merely wish to say
that that resolution was not introduced until
after the expiration of the franking privilege
of the members of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
so that their documents would have been of
no use to them for electioneering purposes.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded
by the statement of the gentleman from Indi-
ana that the resolution to which the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has alluded,
which rescinded a previous resolution in regard
to giving books to outgoing members, was not
introduced until after the 1st of December
subsequent to the close of those members
terms; at which time their franking privilege
had ceased.
Mr. MAYNARD. A precedent occurs to
me in the action of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress in the passage of a resolution in regard
to public documents 
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That related only
to the documents of rebels, I think.
Mr. HIGBY. I suggest that the Speaker
be requested to advise with the Speaker of the
Fortieth Congress and to ascertain his opinion
in regard to this matter. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
who will be the Speaker of the Fortieth Con-
gress. That officer is not yet in existence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We are ahead of the
Chair. We do know. [Laughter.]
Mr. HIGBY. I call for the regular order.
great falls ice company.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour of
Saturday has now commenced. [Laughter.]
The pending bill is an act incorporating the
Great Falls Ice Company.
Mr. BLAINE. That is a very cool propo-
sition at this time of day. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. I move to postpone its con-
sideration until this day week.
Mr. HIGBY. Is this the 2d day of March?
The SPEAKER. Yes; the second parlia-
mentary day of March.
Mr. PRICE. Would it be in order to send
! for an Almanac to determine what day this is ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. FINCK. Is that a House bill?
I The SPEAKER. No ; it is a Senate bill,
i The morning hour cannot be interrupted, ex-
| cept by suspending the rules.
j banking bill. ;
i Mr. HOOPER. I move to suspend the Ales
for the purpose of taking up the banking bill,
1 which was made a special order for the 18th
of December, and has not yet been reached, i
[Cries of "No! No!"] j
The question was taken ; and (two thirds not !
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not
suspended.
ji great falls ice company again.
I The SPEAKER. The pending bill is Sen-
| ate bill No. 64, incorporating the Great Falls
Ice Company of Washington, in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has that bill been be-
fore any committee of the House?
The SPEAKER. It has been reported by
the Committee for the District of Columbia
under the call for bills of a private nature,
within the last forty hours, and the Clerk states
that it was then read. It cannot be read again.
It is reported with an amendment which will
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted. That the stockholders
in this corporation shall be individually liable for
any and all debts contracted or incurred by said cor-
poration, to the amount of their individual stock.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the amend-
ment be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
with it.
Mr. BEAMAN. I hope that will not be
done.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was laid on the table.
adverse report.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported adversely on the
bill (H. R. No. 112) to establish and limit the
rate of interest on money in the District of
Columbia, and moved that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
pay of members of congress.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to suspend the
rules, that I may offer the following resolution
for consideration at this time :
Resolved, That the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] a member of the Judiciary Committee,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to report from said
committee the bill referred to the same providing
for a reduction of the salary of members of Congress,
and to put the same upon its passago. [Laughter.!
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from West Virginia,
to suspend the rules to allow him to submit
this resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word upon it.
Mr. PlilCE. I raise the point of order, that
it is not in order for the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] to report that bill to the
House for action until he shall have purified
himself by paying back into the Treasury the
extra salary which he has received. My point
is that he mnst first remove the beam from his
own eye before he troubles himself about taking
ont the mote that is in his brother's eye.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a point of order.
A motion to suspend the rules is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The questiou is upon sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
i message from tiie senate.
1 A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, informed the House that
j the Senate had passed a resolution appointing
: a committee of two members to join such com-
mittee as might be appointed by the House,
to wait upon the President and inform him
that having transacted the business before
them, they desired to know if he had any
further communication to make to Congress.
enrolled bill signed,
j Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
; found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions
; of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (S. R. No. 509) to amend certain acts
in relation to the Navy ;
An act (S. R. No. 634) relating to brevets in
the Army of the United States ;
Joint resolution (S. It. Xo. 148) presenting
the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W. Field : ana
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 1841 authorizing
Gustavus V. Fox, late Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, and the .officers of the iron-clad
Miantonomah and gunboat Augusta to accept
presents tendered them by the Emperor of
Russia.
pay of members of congress again.
The question was taken on Mr. Latham's
motion to suspend the rules; and there were
—yeas 140, nays 23, not voting 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Al!i«on, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson, Arnell. Baker.Baldwm, Bink«. Barker. Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Boyer, Bromwell.Buckland, Bundy, Campbell,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb.
Conkling, Cook, Cnllom, Darling. Dawson, Defrees,
Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear^ Grinncll, Griswold, Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding. Hart. Hawkins. Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Ilise, liogan. Holmes
Hooper, Hotchkiss. Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Huboard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hul-
burd.^IIumphrey, Hunter, In^er^oll, Julian, Kas-
son, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall. Laflin, Latham,
George V. Ijawrence, William Lawrence, Leltwich,
Loan, Lynch, Marquette, Marshall, Marvin, May-
nard, MeCIursr. MeCullough, McKee, McRucr. Mer-
cur. Miller, Moorhead. Mciri*. Moullon. Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson. Noell. O'Neill, Orth,
Pame, Perham. Phelps, Plants. Pomeruy. Price.
Radford, "William H. Randall. Alexander IT. Rice,
John H. Rice. Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross. Sawyer,
Seofield, Shanklin. Sheilabargcr. Sitgreare*. Sloan,
Stilwell, Stoke?, Nathaniel G. Tavlor. Thornton.
Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam. BnrtVan Horn.^Ham-
ilton Ward, Wnrner, Henry D. Washburn. William
B. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Whalty, June*
