1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ever located, to redeem their notes in New
York, or prohibiting national banks from pay-
ing or receiving interest on bank balances.
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Berkshire county, Massachusetts, inter-
ested in woolen manufactures, praying for relief
under the existing tariff; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
loyal citizens of Norfolk, Portsmouth, and ad-
joining counties of eastern Virginia, without
dfstinction of color, in which they ask Congress
to remove the anti-republican form of govern-
ment now existing in Virginia, which deprives
them of exercising the right of the elective
franchise and all other rights guarantied to
them as citizens. I understand that this peti-
tion, which is signed by a respectable number
of names, is the forerunner of a much larger
petition frem the same community and for the
same purpose. I move its reference to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Ialso offer the remonstrance
of Rev. George H. Washington, and two hun-
dred and seventy-five other colored citizens of
Boston, against the admission of Nebraska as a
State with a constitution which disfranchises
citizens on account of color. In this petition
the signers dwell particularly on the dangerous
character of such an admission as an entering
wedge to that of the rebel States. I also offer a
similar remonstrance from Lieutenant Charles
L. Mitchell, late of the fifty-fifth regiment of
Massachusetts volunteers, and now a represent-
ative in the Massachusetts General Court, a
colored citizen, with other colored citizens of
Boston. As this subject is now before the Sen-
ate I move that these remonstrances lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
the New England Emigrant Aid Company, a
corporation under the laws of Massachusetts,
in which they ask indemnification for property
of theirs to the amount of $25,000 unlawfully
destroyed at Lawrence, in the Territory of
Kansas, by a mob acting under the direction
of one Samuel Jones and in the presence of
one Donaldson, said Jones and Donaldson
being there respectively as deputy marshal and
marshal of the United States for that Territory,
and the said Jones being also a territorial
sheriff, and declaring said mob to be their
official posse, the same being also declared by
the then territorial Governor, Wilson Shannon,
his protection having been invoked against the
unlawful violence threatened by said mob, and
having been refused by him on the ground that
it was the legally constituted posse of the Uni-
ted States marshal and sheriff of Douglas
county. This case was before the Senate some
years ago, but to the best of my knowledge
there was never any action upon it. It is a
historic case. The parties interested in it at
the time were generous and patriotic j they
lost what they could not afford to lose, and
they now wish to have it returned. They have
asked me to request the Senate to have their
memorial printed for its better consideration.
I therefore, in presenting it and moving its
reference to the Committee on Claims, move
that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not the motion to
print necessarily go to the Committee on
Printing ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does
unless by unanimous consent that rule be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist on the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be referreu to the Committee on
Claims, and the motion to print to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
REPORTS MIOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 888) to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad^into
and within the District of Columbia, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. LANE, from th*& Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of j
William Blake, a soldier in the war of 1812, '
praying to be allowed back pension from the I
date of his discharge from the service, re- j
ported adversely "thereon. !
He also, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred the petition of Henry M. Buell,
praying to be allowed a land warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land for services
rendered to the Government during the late
rebellion, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 465) for the relief
of Mary Stanley, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
206) in relation to the pensions of widows of
revolutionary soldiers, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill to amend an aet entitled "An act to con-
tinue, alter, and amend the charter of the city
of Washington," approved May 17, 1©8, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 15) to repeal cer-
tain laws and ordinances in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 372) supplemental
to an act relating to the admission of patients
to the Hospital for the Insane in the District
of Columbia, approved January 28, 1864, re-
ported adversely thereon, the subject having
been already acted on by the Senate in a bill
from the House of Representatives, and moved
the indefinite postponement of the bill; which
was agreed to.
WIDOWS OF TEXNESSEE SOLDIERS.
Mr. LANE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom were referred the
bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of the widow of
Jacob Harmon, the bill (S. No. 455) for the
relief of the widow of Henry Frv. and the bill
(S. No. 476) for the relief of William A. Hin-
shaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor children
of Jacob M. Hinshaw, deceased, to report
them back without cmendment, and to ask
that they may now be put on their passage.
These are bills that will excite no debate and
no opposition. They,have been examined by
the committee, and the facts are sufficiently
clear and are known to a Senator on this floor.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of
the widow of Jacob Harmon. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Jacob Harmon, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee, on the pension-roll at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 16th
of December, 1861, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Mr. LANE. These three bills all depend
upon the same statement of facts, and 1 will
state in a few words what they all are. In
1861 these three soldiers of East Tennessee
were mustered into service. They were ordered
by their commanding officer to burn a bridge.
They were captured, after having burned the
bridge; and hung up without trial and mur-
dered m the streets of Knoxville and Green-
ville. We propose now to put their widows
on the pension-roll by special act, simply be-
cause their muster-in and all the papers were
destroyed when their commanding officer was
tured. That is the whole case.
capt
'P!
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
By unanimous consent, the-Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of the
widow of Henry Fry. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Mrs. Henry Fry, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee, on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 27th
of December, 1861, and to continue daring
her widowhood. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. '
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceede4 to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 476) for the relief of
William A. Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw,
minor children of Jacob M. Hinshaw, de-
ceased. The bill authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior to place the names of William A.
Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, of Greene
county, Tennessee, minor children of Jacob
M. Hinshaw, deceased, on the pension-roll at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 27th of December, 1861.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend that bill 80
as to provide that this pension shall continue
until the children arrive at the age of sixteen?
The general law provides for it, but I think it
is better, perhaps, in a special law like this to
insert it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being interposed, the bill will be so
amended, by adding "this pension to con-
tinue until they severally attain the age of six-
teen years."
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 69,
which was under consideration during the morn-
ing hour yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 69) to provide for the payment of pensions,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Howe to the first amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary to
the Hsuse amendment, by striking out the word
"October" and inserting "July."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the im-
pression of the Chair, the Senator from Indiana
is entitled to the floor on this bill, his remarks
having been cut short on the expiration of the
morning hour yesterday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had almost completed
what I desired to say upon the bill. I intended
only to add that I have no objection to that
part of the bill which requires the appointment
of pension agents to be made by the President,
subject to confirmation by the Senate. Per-
haps these officers have become of such import-
ance as justifies this, although I know nothing
in regard to the public service and the disburse-
ment of public money by those agents that seems
to make it necessary thus to legislate. I am
not aware of any defaults on the part of pen-
sion agents under their present appointments.
Therefore I do not vote for that feature of the
bill from any distrust of the agents already ap-
pointed, or because of any failure on their part
Eroperly to account for the moneys in their
ands. But I think the Senate ought to con-
sider a little before the limitation is agreed to
of three agents only in a State, and I wish the
attention of my colleague on that'subject for a
a moment, as it is of importance to our citizens.
Of course I cannot judge of the condition of
other States upon this question; but I think iij
Indiana we ought to have more than three
pension agents, and as it is a matter of conven-
ience to the pensioners to have the agencies
