1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out in lines nine, ten, and eleven, the
words " or in favor of any person who during
said rebellion was not known to be opposed
thereto, and distinctly in favor of its suppres-
sion."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is due'to myself to
state that I was not in favor of striking out
those words. A majority of tBe committee
were. The effect of striking «ut the words is
simply to change the burden of proof. As the
resolution comes from the House, before the
Government would be authorized to pay, it
must appear affirmatively that the party asking
the payment had been loyal and true to the
Union. If those words are stricken out, then
the Government is prohibited to pay to any
one who took part in the rebellion. The ques-
tion is, whether it must appear affirmatively
that the man was a loyal man before you can
pay a claim which originated against the Gov-
ernment of the United States before the re-
bellion. There are cases, as I am informed,
where parties bad claims against the Govern-
ment of the United States before the rebellion
for services, perhaps in the Army, and subse-
quently joined the rebellion. The object of
this resolution is to prevent the Government
of the United States paying those parties and
any of those claimants, although they may be
pardoned now. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary recommended an amendment to the
resolution to strike out the words which have
been read. Those words which are recom-
mended to be stricken out require it to affirm-
atively appear that the party was loyal to the
Government. That would leave the resolution
then forbidding payment to any person who
took part in the rebellion.
Mr. HOWE. That is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But then the resolution
as it passed the House goes further. It pro-
hibits the payment to any person who took
part in the rebellion, or who was not known
. i bo loyal to the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law is very well set-
1 led, recognized as such by the Supreme Court,
by all the members of that court, that the
general rule of law is, that a pardon reinstates
the party pardoned to the condition in which
he was before the offense was committed, and
authorizes him to sue, therefore, to recover a
debt which he would not have been authorized
to sue for without a pardon. This joint reso-
lution upon your table as it came from the
House, as it now stands, changes that rule;
and it is for the Senate to say whether they
will by law, defeat the effect which a pardon
has under the law as it stands now. The
claims that are to be prosecuted, and are now
being prosecuted, are not claims against the
Government arising during the existence of
the rebellion, but arising antecedent to the
rebellion, and claims, therefore, which but for
the rebellion the Government would have been
bound to pay, and would have paid. The
majority of the committee thought that if it
was proper to take from these parties, at least
those who were pardoned, the right to sue,
which the pardon of itself would give inde-
pendent of any legislation, it was not right to
subject them to the necessity of proving affirm-
atively that they were not in a condition to
prosecute the claim. We supposed that the
Government, if it denied the right of the
claimant to recover the amount, ought to take
upon itself the burden of establishing the
grounds upon whieh that denial could be placed.
As the honorable chairman has coiarectly stated,
the whole effect of the amendment is to change
what is called the onus of proof; the fact to
be proved, and upon the existence of which
the claim may or may not be allowed upon the
Government, instead of placing it, as the House
resolution did, upon the claimant.
The joint resolution, in my view of it, can
only be maintained upon the authority which
Congress has to refuse to pay a debt, whether
just or unjust. No claims upon the Treasury
can be paid without an appropriation, and Con-
gress having the supreme authority to decide
whether they will appropriate or not they have
a right, so far as the question of power is con-
cerned, to refuse to pay any claim. If the
measure merely provided that the parties in
the predicament in which these parties are
supposed to be should not be at liberty to sue
in the courts of the United States, then I am
satisfied the courts would hold that the law in
that particular was not obligatory, and that
they would be entitled to sue; I mean those
of them who have had granted to them the
clemency of the Executive. In my view, there-
fore, as far as that class of the parties to be
affected by the resolution is concerned, it is,
although constitutional, because no money can
be paid without the consent of Congress, ob-
noxious to the objection that Congress are
refusing to pay debts which the courts of the
country, if there was jurisdiction given to the
courts over such controversies, would enable
the claimants to recover.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a little difficult to
understand from the phraseology of this reso-
lution what will be its effect. I recollect to
have asked the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the committee, when the com-
mittee was investigating it, what was the pur-
pose of it. As I understood from him, the
main object was to prevent the payment of any
claims to military men for services prior to the
war when the claimants themselves had gone
into the rebellion. Of course I had no objec-
tion if that was the effect of the resolution, and
would have no objection to it now. But if that
is the class of cases to be reached, there is no
need of the language of the resolution which
the committee has recommended to strike out,
because it is known to the Department, of
course, what was the position, during the war,
of the military men who belonged to the Army.
There is no need of a provision which is against
the policy of the law. It has never been the
law of any country that a man shall be required
to prove himself innocent. He is required to
take an oath, we have the assurance of that,
in presenting his claims. I was in favor of the
amendment. The committee was unanimous,
I thought, upon it; but the Senator from Illi-
nois says he did not concur in the amendment
proposed by the committee. I think the com-
mittee's amendment is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOGG. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer. It is to insert at the end of
the joint resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That this joint resolution shall not be
construed to prohibit the payment of claims founded
upon contracts made by any Department where such
claims were assigned, or contracted to be assigned,
prior to April 1,1861, to creditors of said contractors,
loyal citizcns of loyal States, in payment of debts
incurred prior to March 1,1861.
The honorable Senator from Illinois assents
to that amendment. I think there is no ob-
jection to it. It is not inconsistent with the
general provisions of the joint resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I offer an amendment, to in-
sert after the word " rebellion" in the ninth
line, these words:
Or in favor of any person who does not prove to the
satisfaction of the proper accounting officers that he
was opposed to the rebellion and distinctly in favor
ot its suppression.
Mr. President, I thought those words re-
ported by the committee ought to be stricken
out of the resolution, because they seemed to
be indefinite, and not because they seemed to
impose upon the claimant the burden of proving
his loyalty. It does not seem to me a very
heavy burden to lay upon the shoulders of one
who claims money out of the Treasury to
require him to show that he is a friend, and has
been during the war a friend of the Govern-
ment. Indeed, that is required now by almost
all the laws upon your statute-books. You do
require them to show that they have been loyal
before you allow a dollar to be paid to them.
The words which I have proposed to insert
here will require no more than that. The
expressions employed are ra/her more explicit
than have been adopted heretofore; and my
experience upon the Committee on Claims has
satisfied me that it is necessary to be a little
more explicit. Loyalty is a sort of sentiment,
and a sentiment is a very difficult thing to
prove, to establish by evidence. The language
used here requires the claimant to show that
he was opposed to the rebellion and that he
was in favor of its suppression; and any man
who was actuated by those views can usually
establish the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the policy_ of the
resolution itself is exceedingly objectionable
to the loyal citizens of the loyal States, as they
have been termed. The interest which they
have, many of them, is because they are cred-
itors of the southern people, and the means in
in part which their debtors will have at their
command to meet their debts are what they
will be able to realize from their claims. You
have already adopted an amendment at the
instance of the honorable member from New
Hampshire, which saves the right to prosecute
the claim as against the Government and
makes it obligatory upon the Government to
pay the claim, if it should turn out to be just,
where it has been assigned to setae loyal
citizen.
Mr. HOWE. Before the rebellion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the rebellion. But
whether it is assigned before or after the rebel-
lion is immaterial. I knew when I was offi-
cially in New Orleans as a kind of representa-
tive of the Government that a great many of
the claims which were supposed to be good
claims against the Government had been as-
signed, and that the creditors at the North were
looking to the funds to be received, because
of that assignment, as in many eases the only
funds out of which they expected to be paid.
Now, it would seem to me to be quite objec-
tionable to say that the Government of the
United States would confiscate debts because
as between the mere creditor and the Govern-
ment the creditor had at one time been sub-
ject to the offense of treason, or had attempted
to destroy the Government, to the injury of
the loyal creditor of that creditor. That is the
effect. Justin proportion as you impoverish
the people of the South, just in that proportion
do you injure the people of the North.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that on this
question the opinion of the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, who has a peculiar ex-
perience in this body, ought to prevail. If I
had any doubt of the propriety of the amend-
ment I beg to say that I should follow 1
gestion. I shall gladly vote for it.
' his sug-
Mr. HOWE. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I will merely say once more
to the Senate that the principle recognized in
the amendment is a principle recognized in a
dozen statutes which you have enacted since
1861; the principle of requiring a man, who
demands money out of the public Treasury, to
establish the fact of hisfriendshipforthe Gov-
ernment, his allegiance; and this is applied,
not to current transactions, but it is applied to
a class of suspended claims, and for the most
part claims which have been suspended by
reason of the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
will be adopted. I think it nothing unreason-
able to require a man to show that he has been
loyal to the Government.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the reading
of the joint resolution as it stands without this
amendment.
The Secretary read as follows:
Rrnojvrd, d'c. That until otherwise ordered it shall
be unlawful for any officer of the United States Gov-
ernment to pay any account, claim, or demand
against said Government, which accrued or existed
prior to the 13th day of April, A. D. 1861, in favor of
any person who promoted, encouraged, or in any
manner sustained the late rebellion; and no pardun
heretoforp granted, or hereafter to be granted, shall
authQpge the payment of such account, claim, or de-
mancRmtil this resolution is modified or repealed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that the
resolution without this amendment will stand
as tho Clerk has read it, and it will then make
