1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
the establishment of the system of salaries for deputy
postmasters upon the basis of equity and justice: Pro-
vided, That such settlements shall not include any case
of official delinquency by any deputy postmaster.
I will simply say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral desires this authority, and it is very essen-
tial that it should be extended to him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have one further amend-
ment to offer. At present the law requires
that a letter on which the postage is not pre-
paid shall be passed through the dead-letter
offiee, which seems to be unnecessary. This
amendment prescribes that a letter shall be
returned to the writer when -he can be ascer-
tained b}' the name upon the back of the letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. MORGAN. I really think the Senate
is too thin to act on so important a bill .as this
making so many changes. There are not a
dozen Senators present.
Mr. RAMSEY. The changes are not very
numerous.
Mr. MORGAN. There are not a dozen
Senators present; and I know that Senators
left the Chamber because it was understood
that the business of the District of Columbia
alone was to be transacted to-day.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senator is
mistaken in his conception of the bill. The
changes are not very numerous. No new office
is created by the bill. It simply makes new
divisions for officers who already perform duties
in the Departments.
Mr. MORGAN. Salaries are changed in
several instances.
Mr. RAMSEY. Some salaries are raised,
but not very much.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from New York, as this question is raised
again, that every point and proposition in this
bill have been thoroughly considered as between
the whole Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads and the Postmaster General, and is
recommended by the unanimous report of the
committee.
The change in salaries is a very slight one.
The changes made by this bill will bring about
reforms that will save vast sums. In paper
and twine and all that goes to the stores of the
Post Office Department the changes proposed
will make very great reforms and great savings.
The investigation of this subject has been very
thorough and complete. The Senator will
also understand that it has been exceedingly
difficult to get this bill for the last two weeks
before the Senate by reason of a press of
business, and the same thing will occur again
on Monday. There was no division of opinion
in regard to the necessity of this bill in the
committee.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Minnesota
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That when any letter
held for postage shall bear upon the faco of the en-
velope the name and address of the writer or sender
of the same, it shall be the duty of the postmaster at
tho offiee wherein such letter shall have been dropped
to return said letter immediately 'to said writer or
sender, charging thereupon ordinary postnge; but if
any such letter so inscribed shall for any cause come
to the dead letter office, it shall be returned un-
opened to tho name and address of the writer or
sender under envelope, charging thereupon ordinary
postage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
niagara siiip-caxal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
844, to incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal
Company.
Mr. CRESWELL. I hope that bill will not
be taken up now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to proceed to its
consideration.
Mr. MORGAN. For the same reason that I
objected to the passage of the Post Office bill,
which I think was entirely wrong, with only a
dozen Senators present, I shall object to taking
up so important a bill as this, appropriating
$6,000,000 from the Treasury to $ private cor-
poration.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
it up for consideration, not to consider it this
evening.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion. We are expecting an an-
nouncement from tho House of Representatives
in a few moments of tho death of a colleague
of mine.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly ; I withdraw
it if that is the case.
GIUSATHOUSE AND KELLY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 338.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. j!38) for the
relief of Henry Greathousc and Samuel Kelly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This bill was fully
considered by the Senate at the last session,
and I believe the Senate were satisfied on the
subject, except that it was thought there ought
to be some limitation on the amount which the
Postmaster General could disburse in this way;
and while we were preparing an amendment
which, I believe, would have brought it within
the views of tho Senate, the morning hour
expired, and the bill never got another chance.
I am now instructed by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads to move to amend the
bill by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the amount to be so allowed shall
not exceed 812,000.
That amount is just about one half of what
tho ordinary compensation would have been
for this servicc if there had been a contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CODIFICATION OF CUSTOMS LAWS.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 251) further to extend the
time for codifying tho laws relative to the cus-
toms, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment, and to recommend its passage.
I ask for its immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the joint resolution on the day it is re-
ported.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read for the
information of the Senate so that we may know
what it is.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will state that it is a
joint resolution to extend the time for the
action of a commission appointed during this
Congress with a view to the codification of the
revenue laws.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
DEATH OF HON'. IIENltY GRIDER.
Mr. McPherson, tho Clerk of the House
of Representatives, appeared below the bar and
said :
Mr. President, I am directed to communicate
to the Senate the proceedings of the House of
Representatives on the announcement of the
death of Hon. Henry Grider, of Kentucky.
The proceedings of the House were read.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my late col-
league of the House of Representatives, Hexuy
Grider, died in the recess of Congress, and
in concurrence with the action of the body of
which he was a member, and in conformity to
the usage of the Senate, I rise to move an
appropriate recognition of the solemn and
admonitory fact that death has struck with his
shaft another member of the National Legisla-
ture.
The father of Colonel Grider was a revolu-
tionary soldier, and in an early day of the set-
tlement of Kentucky removed from North Car-
olina, his native State, and settled in Garrard
county, where his son was born July 16, 1706;
and from theuce the family removed in 1801
to the neighborhood of Bowling Green, War-
ren county. He was there taught the rudiments
of the common branches of education that
were then the whole course of our frontier
settlements; but even this was suspended when
he was but seventeen years of age by his ex-
changing the log-cabin school-house for the
armed but tentless field in the war of 1812.
His father and an older brother, John, were
in the same servicc, and they all shared in the
dangers and glory of the battle of the Thames.
Thus in his boyhood the fires of his patriotism
were lighted from the altar of 1776, and a sol-
dier father from those sacred fields again fol-
lowed its glorious light, as it led his two youth-
ful sons to strike for their country in her second
war of Independence. At the end of his term
of service he resumed his school studies, and
prosecuted them with such assiduity and suc-
cess that before he had reached man's estate
his neighbors required him to become a teacher,
in which vocation he continued for several
years. His leisure hours he diligently em-
ployed in the study of the Latin language and
the lower branches of mathematics, in which
by his own efforts he attained to a respectable
proficiency.
He relaxed not after those acquisitions, but
while yet teaching read very carefully some of
the elementary books of the law, and in 1821
obtained his license to practice from the office
and under the instruction of Frank Johnson,
one of tho eminent lawyers of Kentucky. Crit-
tenden, Sharp, Breathel, and Underwood had
been for several years practitioners at the
Warren bar, and even then their ability and
fame had begun to assume the grand propor-
tions to which they afterward grew ; and the
late brilliant Senator Moorliead and the clear
and accurate Judge Graham commenced their
professional career with him. Those were the
men whom he encountered in the same lists in
honorable competition for business, eminence,
and fame.
Colonel Giuncu was not a greatman, nor did
he ever claim to rival those forensic champions
of the Green river region of Kentucky. But
he strove diligently and manfully to mate
himself to their might; and by this hard disci-
pline he slowly but steadily evolved a growing
strength, continued to approximate their stat-
ure, and in their contests sturdy blows were
reciprocally dealt—his with the added force of
the highest character for honesty and sincerity.
In Kentucky every lawyer of any ability is
also a politician, and Colonel Grider was
drawn into that vortex. He was first elected a
member of her Legislatu-re, to the House, in
1827, and was annually reelected for a period of
several years, when he declined to stand fur-
ther for the place. In 1833 he was elected to
the Senate of the General Assembly of Ken-
tucky for a full term of four years. I was
then first chosen a member of the House, and
at the ensuing session made his acquaintance
and gained his friendship and confidence,
which it was my happiness steadily to hold
throughout the residue of his life. At the end
of his term he again voluntarily retired from
office and diligently resumed the practice of
his profession.
In 1843 he was elected to the House of Con-
gress, and was reelected in 1845, and for both
terms it was mv fortune to be his colleague.
He then voluntarily sought the third time the
quiet of private life, the society of professional
companions, and the moderate emoluments of
