THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
say to the honorable member, upon which all
the conditions heretofore imposed upon the
States which have been admitted have been
placed in the past. Now, what are they? In
some of them the condition has been that the
navigable waters within their limits shall be
free. Under what authority was that imposed
upon the State? Under the authority which
the Constitution gives to the Congress of the
United States to regulate commerce. That
authority, in the case of'Gibbons vs. Ogden, as
thehonorable member knows veryjwell, was, by
the unanimous decision of that high tribunal,
the Supreme Court of the U nited States, decided
to include the navigable waters, the vehicle
upon which as well as in which oommerce was
to be carried on and therefore that condition
which, in some of the instances has been applied
to the admission of some of the States, was to
reserve, in order to avoid any possible conflict,
that which was the right, and was intended to
be the right, of Congress exclusively to regulate
the commerce between the States and the com-
merce between foreign nations and the United
States.
What are the other classes? There is an-
other class which says that the public lands
which may be within the limits of the State
admitted shall not be liable to taxation. Upon
what ground was that placed or might it have
been placed? In almost the beginning of the
Government, in the case of New Jersey vs.
Wilson, reported in 7 Cranch, I think the
court decided that it was competent for a
State to enter into a contract to except from
State taxation, for a valuable consideration,
any of her lands. The State of New Jersey,
being anxious to get possession of a consider-
able quantity of land that belonged to the
Indians, made a treaty in the form of a law,
which provided that if the Indians would agree
to sell the lands which New Jersey desired
they^night buy other lands in that State, and
that those lands should forever thereafter be
exempt from taxation. They were not author-
ized to sell the lands, however, under the orig-
inal act, which I have called a treaty. In 1804
New Jersey passed an act authorizing them to
sell the land, but omitted to say anything in
relation to taxation; and the question arose
when the State of New Jersey attempted to
exert her taxing power upon the lands in the
hands of purchasers under the Indians. The
Supreme Court decided that it could not be
done; that the contract was one which followed
the lands, no matter who might thereafter be-
come the holder.
The Supreme Court at the present term has
decided a case upon the same ground; a case
which I argued in behalf of the holders of the
land involved in that case. The United States
granted to Arkansas all the swamp lands which
were owned by the United States within the
limits of Arkansas. As swamp lands they
were valueless; they could only become valu-
able by being converted into tillable lands;
and the State of Arkansas, with a view to bring
about that conversion, passed an act authoriz-
ing any persons who would undertake the work
to do it to be paid out of the treasury the
value of the work, if they thought proper to be
paid; to be paid in the bonds of the State if
they preferred that mode of being paid; or to
take certificates which would entitle the holder,
the certificates being upon their face trans-
ferable, to locate the amount called for in his
certificate upon these lands, and that they
thereafter should be exempt from taxation.
The work was undertaken. A great many of
the parties who performed the work choseto
take certificates, and- they located their certifi-
cates upon these recovered lands, and as soon
as they became valuable Arkansas thought
proper to tax them. The Supreme Court have
decided here at this term, against the unan-
imous decision of the court of the State of
Arkansas, that she could do no such thing;
that the exemption from taxation was a con-
sideration moving from the man who per-
formed the work and accompanied the land in
the hands of whoever might become the pro-
prietor of the land during the period for which
the exemption was provided.
That is upon this ground, and upon this
ground only, that a State is competent to divest
herself, for a valuable consideration of her tax-
ing power in particular cases; and that is all
that she does when she comes in upon a con-
dition that she is not to tax the land of the
United States. As a State, when she came in
she would have a perfect right to say to the
United States in the form of a contract, "We
will not tax your land;" and as she would
have a right after coming in to enter into a
contract of that description, there was nothing
inconsistent with any sovereignty of her own
in providing in advance, in the form of a con-
dition to which she assents in coming in, that
'she will not exercise that particular right; but
this is a slightly different question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But taxation is a sover-
eign power.
Mr. JOHNSON. A right, too. She had a
right to tax. She is to judge herself whether
she will execute the power; but the power
necessarily involves the support of the State.
The State government must be supported, and
the only mode of supporting it is through some
form of taxation. It was contended in the two
cases to which I have referred that the State
could not part with the taxing power. The
answer which the Supreme Court gave, and the
answer was satisfactory to the whole bench on
each occasion, was, that the State could enter
into a contract in relation to any subject which
did not impair her sovereignty and take away
her ability to hold an equal place among her
sister States; and a$ she could do it in relation
to the two subjects to which I have adverted
after she came in, she could do it the moment
of coming in.
But my friend says they are not States. In
one sense they are not States. That very
amendment, however, deals with Nebraska as
a State now. She is not in now. The bill
upon your table deals with her, of course, as
a State now. In the amendment and in the
bill itself she is spoken of as a State, and yet
she is not in. She is a State, having no con-
trol, however, over Congress, having no right to
interfere with the authority which Congress is
exerting through its power to regulate the pub-
lic Territories of the United States ; but she is
a State in the sense of the clause which gives
to Congress the power to admit her; because, I
was about to say, it is an absurdity to suppose
that Congress can admit as a State that which
is not a State ; at least I think so. Here is
Nebraska. She says she is a State of the
Union ; a State that should be admitted into
the Union. She has formed her constitution
either under the authority of youf enabling
act, or she has formed it upon the authority
which is implied from what has occurred over
and over again in the admission of new States;
that is to say, the authority to form a consti-
tution without an antecedent enabling act.
She has elected her Senators. Now my friend
proposes to admit Nebraska. What will he
do the moment Congress passes the bill for the
admission of Nebraska? Will he make any
objection to the swearing in of the two Sena-
tors who have been elected ? I am sure he
will not; but yet they have not been elected,
if he is right, by any State, and Senators can
only be elected by a State. _ He persists in
telling us—and of course he is sincere in that
opinion—that they have been elected by a
mere concourse of citizens who have no polit-
ical power whatever, but are entirely subject
to the territorial laws which they have passed
under the authority of Congress, and which
alone they were justified in passing; and in
the laws which Congress have passed for the
government of the Territory they have given
to them no power to elect Senators. Now 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will allow me
on this subject of the nature of the precedent
action, which I contend, as he says, is irregular,
I desire to refer him to the opinions of the
Attorneys General on this very subject, in
which they have advised the Administration,
whenever they have been called upon to give
advice, that—
" The territorial Legislatures cannot., without per-
mission from Congress, pass laws authorizing the
formation of constitutions and State governments.
A11 measures commenced and prosecuted with a de-
sign to subvert the territorial government, and to
establish and put in force in its place a new govern-
ment, without the consent of Congress, are unlaw-
ful. But the people of any Territory may peaceably
meet together in primary assemblies, or in conven-
tions chosen by such assemblies, for the purpose of
petitioning Congress to abrogate the territorial gov-
ernment, and to admit them into the Union as an
independent State: and if they accompany their
petition with a constitution framed and agreed on by
their primary assemblies, or-by a convention of dele-
gates chosen by such assemblies, there is no objection
to their power to do so, nor to any measures which
may be taken to collect the sense of the people in
respect to it; provided such measures be prosecuted
in a peaceable manner, in subordination to the exist-
ing Government, and in subserviency to the power
of Congress to adopt, reject, or disregard them at
their pleasure."
That is to be found in the second volume of
the Opinions of the Attorneys General. My
proposition therefore is, that although all this
preceding action is irregular and without any
sanction of law, yet, like any other act which
the law-making power having supreme admin-
istration of the subject sanctions, when it re-
ceives the sanction of law, the law does in a
certain sense retroact and make that valid
which before the action of the law had no valid-
ity at all. My friend will pardon me for inter-
rupting him, as I do not wish to speak after he
is through.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. I am per-
fectly aware of that opinion, and one or two
others to the same effect. That does not in-
terfere with the view which I am endeavoring
to present to the Senate, and particularly to
the honorable member. Nobody has ever
questioned that the people of a Territory have
no right, strictly speaking, to form themselves
into a State government and get clear of the
obligation that they are under to the Govern-
ment of the United States because of the terri-
torial government which the United States
have provided for them without the consent
of Congress; but, as we all know, and as that
opinion admits, from time to time the people
of the Territories have, not casting off their
territorial allegiance, their allegiance to the
United States as the citizens of a Territory,
formed governments for themselves, and they
have been admitted. Now the honorable
member gets clear of the difficulty which I
suggested in answer to his objection that this
was not a State, by saying that when we pass
the law it retroacts. That is an extraordi-
nary power on the part of Congress. The
power in Congress is to admit; that is all;
admit an existing State. Nobody hasever
pretended that Congress has any authority to
constitute a State. As was said by the hon-
orable member from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
before the recess, Congress has no authority,
nor has the Government of the United States
in all its departments any authority to form a
State constitution or to create a State. That
must be the work of the citizens; and if the
citizens, either with or without an enabling act,
form a State government and Congress admit
that State government, they, by the very act
of admission, concede that that is a State at
the moment of admission, which should beofie
of the States of the Union, not a crippled mem-
ber of the Union, but one possessing all the
powers possessed by any other of the States of
the Union.
I have therefore, Mr. President, been miable
to agree to this amendment, because, as I
think, Congress has no authority, with or with-
out the assent of a State, to impose any such
condition. The right of equal power is a right
not intended only to be given and therefore to
be disposed of by the people of the State for
the time being who may be there when the,)" are
admitted into the Union as a State, bat it is to
follow them and their descendants to the last
generation as long as the Government endures.
The doctrine which maintains that we have the
authority to impose conditions deals with the
subject as if the people for the time being were
