1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
what steps he had taken, he replies that the
minister of Colombia took the initiative in the
matter, and laid a paper before the State
Department offering the right of way, to which
the Secretary of State says he and the Pres-
ident of the United States consented. That
occurred on the l'Jth of March, 1866, and the
Secretary of State, notwithstanding all the
implications that were made to hiin on the
subject to acft in the premises, never took any
further notice of the matter until the 23d of
November last, when he addressed a note to
the Colombian minister. From that time until
the date of a resolution calling upon him for
information he did nothing in the premises;
and thus a year lias passed during which these
surveys might have been made. The purpose
of this joint resolution is to direct the Secre-
tary of State to proceed with this business and
obtain the right to make this survey, and con-
nected with that to ascertain the terms upon
which a right of way can be obtained.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is a word
missing in the resolution.
Mr. CONN ESS. In accordance with the
suggestion of the Senator from Iowa I move
to amend the resolution by striking out the
words "also the right of way for such eanal
should its practicability be demonstrated or,"
so that it will read "and the terms upon which
such right of way may be obtained by this
Government."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
resolution read at length as it now stands.
The Secretary read the resolution as amend-
ed, as follows:
Resolved, dc., That the Secretary of State bo and
he is hereby, directed to take such steps as may be
necessary to obtain from the United States of Colom-
bia the authority for the United States to make
the necessary surveys at the Isthmus of Darien for
a ship-canal to connect the waters of the Atlantic
with those of the Pacific ocean; and the terms upon
which such right of way may be obtained by this
Government.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
message mom the iioose.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (S. No. 467) to amend the act entitled "An
act further to provide for the safety of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the sal-
aries of steam inspectors, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 25, I860.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee ol conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House No.
811, for the relief of certain drafted men.
The message also announced that Mr. N. P.
Banks, of Massachusetts, bad been appointed
a manager on the part of the House at the
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. li. No. 904) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June SO, 1868, and for other purposes, in
the place of Mr. J. F. Farnsworth, of Illi-
nois, sensed from service at said conference.
JSNKOLLKB RESOLUTION SIGNED.
The message farther announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 90) to provide for the ascer-
tainment and apportionment of the proper
quota of the direct tax of 1861 to the State of
West Virginia, and for other purposes; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Me. Poms-
Roy. ) The Indian appropriation bfll is bow
b«fijre the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
oroceedtid to consider the bUl (H. R. No.
1030) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
June, 18G8.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest, in order to
expedite business, that the amendments of
the Committee on Finance be disposed of as
they are reached in the reading of the bill.
That is the usual course.
The PiiESIDfNG OFFICER. If there be
no objection that course will be taken. The
Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was on page 15, line three hundred
and thirty-eight, to strike out "three" and
insert "ten ;"'so that the clause will read:
For insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and provisions, and iron and steel for blacksmiths,
for the Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina tribe,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, after
line three hundred and forty-three, to insert
the following:
For this amount, to jiay the interest on certain
non-paying stock, held in trust by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the Chickasaw Indians, for the two
fiscal years ending June 30, 1S6S, per tenth article
treaty of April 28,1866. $119,859 96.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this is an amendment
involving a very large sum, if any Senator
desires an explanation of it I am prepared to
give it. Perhaps it is due to the committee to
have the letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
together with the papers accompanying it,
read. I will ask that the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior be read :
The Secretary read the following letter :
Depabthent op the Interior,
Washington, D. C„ February 9, 1867.
Sir : I have tho honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of
this date, submitting an estimate of an appropria-
tion to cover a deficiency on certain non-[aying
stocks held in trust by the Secretary of the Treasury
fo the benefit of the Chickasaw Indians, and re-
spectfully commend the same to the favorable action
of your committee, as the amountrequested is needed
to fultill treaty stipulations with the saidlndinns.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING,
„ Secretary.
Hon. W. P. Fkssenden,
ChairmanCommiUeeon Finance, Senate United Statu.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have also a letter from
the Treasurer and a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs showing that the
money is justly due, and we must provide for it
whatever may be said in regard to the treaties
themselves. Unless Senators desire a further
explanation, I will not consume the time of
the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 42, line
nine hundred and seventy-eight, in a clause
providing for a farmer for the Quapaws, to
add the following proviso :
Provided, That the sum hereby appropriated for
Eay of farmer, as well as any unexpended balance
eretofore appropriated for the same obiect, may,
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, be
expended for subsistence, clothing, and such other
useful articles as ho may deem necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. There is a clerical error
on page 42, line ten hundred and nineteen, in
the name of a county in Iowa. It is printed
"Tamer" in the bill. "Tama" is the name
of the county.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
_ The next amendment was on page 49, after
line eleven hundred and eighty-one, to insert
the following:
Lower Brules:
For first effive installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars for each lodge or family engaged in agricultural
pursuits on their reservation, (one hundred lodges,)
to be expended in stock, agricultural and other im-
plements, and improvements, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, the said stock, 4c., to
remain the property of the United States, to be used
for the benefit of said lodges or families, and in no
ease to be sold cr alienated by said band, per sixth
article treaty of October 14, 1865, for the fiscal year
ending June 3U, 1888, 12,400.
For pay ef former, per sixth article treaty of
October 11,1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30
1808, $900.
For the erection of a blacksmith shop, per sixth
article treaty of October 14,186 $500.
For the support of one blacksmith, and for tools,
iron, and steel, and other articles necessary for the
blacksmith shop, per sixth article treaty of October
14, 18do, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S6S
$1,500.
Tvyo Kettles:
For first of five installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars for each lodge or family located on lands for
agricultural purposes, (ono hundred and thirteen
lodges.) to be expended in agricultural implements
and improvements, per fifth article treaty of Octo-
ber 19, 1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868.
$2,825.
Yanktonais:
For firstoffive installments, bcingtwenty-five dol-
lars for each family or lodge located on lands for
agricultural purposes, (one hundred and fifteen
lodges,) to be expended in agricultural implements
and f or improvements, per fifth article treaty of Octo-
ber 20,1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868.
$2,875.
Sans Arcs:
For first of five installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars for each lodge or family loeated on lands for
agricultural purposes, (thirty-eight lodges,) to bo
expended in agricultural implements and improve-
ments, per fifth article treaty of October 20, 18(35, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, $950.
Mr. SHERMAN. These are new items about
which the Senate ought to be informed. The
whole of them are included in the one treaty
referred to in the amendment made recently,
I believe at the last session of the Senate. The
amendment is supported by ample documentary
statements, which I presume it is hardly worth
while to read unless the Senate desires to hear
them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, lina
fourteen hundred and fourteen, to strike out
the following proviso to the appropriations for
the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Colorado:
Provided, That no part of said money shall be dis-
bursed by Alexander Cummings, tho present super-
intendent of Indian affairs for Colorado Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that tlu*re
will be any difference of opinion in the Senate
on this question. We thought it rather too
important a bill to strike at an individual citi-
zen, even if the House or Senate did not like
him. Certainly it is very undignified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, after
line fifteen hundred and thirty-seven, to insert
the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
transporting goods purchased for the Sioux of Dakota
Indians* under treaty made at Fort Sully in October.
1S65, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $4,901 82.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page G4, after
line fifteen hundred and forty-three, to insert
the following:
Fl&theads:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation forthe Flathead* and other confederated
tribes for the focal year ending June 30.1865, being
the fifth installment for beneficial objects, under
treaty of July 16,1855* $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 64, after
line fifteen hundred and fifty, to insert the
following:
Qui-nai-elts and Qui-leh-utes:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation forthe fiscal year ending June30,1867,
of the firs>t of lour installments on $25,000, stipulated
to be paid the Qui-nai-elts and Qui-leh-utes, as per
fourth article treaty of July 1,185o, $300.
To supply a deficiency for funds heretofore appro-
priated on accountof "Winnebago trust land*," and
for the " Arapahoes and Cheyennesof Upper Arkan-
sas rirer," uuder treaty stipulations, and which wcro
lost by deposit in the Merchants' National Bank, at
Washington, $33,037 02.
Mr.*5HEiiMAN. The Senate probably are
aware ot the general history of this amend-
ment. It appears that a disbursing officer of
the Indian department, under the general
authority of law and the instructions given to
him, deposited fuoney in the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank at Washington, which failed re-
cently, and the money was lost. This amtMid-
ment is to supply that deficiency. I haw let-
ters here showing the amount and the circum-
stances under which it occurred.
