1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the practice of the law in rural districts; atid
this mode of life, so congenial tci his taStes, he
continued until the breaking out of the great
insurrection. He then at once publicly and de-
cidedly pronounced for "the union, the Con-
stitution , and the enforcement of the laws,'' gave
his whole influence and effort to uphold the
proper and constitutional authority of the Gov-
ernment, and urged and aided a gallant sbn to
faise one of the noblest regiments that served
in tlie Union Army. In 1861 his countrymen
once more summoned him to the civil serv-ice
by electing him for the third term to the House Of
Congress; .and they reelected him in 1863, and
again in 1865. He served through the most of
the last session, but near its close, admonished
by the grasp of mortal disease, he quilted this
city ana the discharge of his public duties for-
ever, and hurried home to die.
He was even then apparently possessed of
an uncommon amount of physical strength for
one of his age, and his colleagues were deluded
into and expressed confidently to him their
belief that he would soon be well; but he
spoke his dissent in a few solemn words that
showed his unerring conviction that his time
had come. lie reached his home; his disease
continued to march quietly but steadily upon
him until the 7th of September, when with
undisturbed reason and a serene spirit, sur-
rounded by his friends, he sunk beneath its
force to his eternal rest. He was a ripe sheaf,
&fvd was fully ready for the Great Harvester.
Religious sentiment was the most prominent
feature in the character of Colonel Grider. In
his early youth he became a professing Chris-
tian and attached himself to the Methodist
Episcopal church, in which connection he con-
tinued until his death. In his religious life he
combined the simplicity, truth, purity, and
steadiness of the primitive Christians with
the^ spirit of charity, forgiveness, and pcace
which its sinless author preached, and which
could emanate only from Divinity. For more
than fifty years his walk of life was serenely lit
up by the brightness of his faith and works,
mellowed by true Christian humility.
Ho possessed groat physical strength and
dauntless courage, and a warm and impetuous
spirit; and though his strong sense of justice
ever restrained him from being an aggressor,
every assailant of his rights found him prompt
and effective in their defense. But desislanee
never failed to appease him, and any manifest-
ation of regret or purpose to make atone-
ment always won his prompt and full forgive-
ness; and when convinced of having done
wrong to any one he never rested until he had
made the amplest reparation. Envy, malice,
cruelly, or revenge found no resting-place with
him. The genius, endowments, honor, fame,
and fortune of olherswere appropriated by his
unselfish and noble heart as the sources of his
own personal happiness; and he rejoiced in
their existence everywhere as the common
riches of his countrymen and of mankind.
In all the relations of life he was without
reproach. His system of ethics taught him
that the essential nature of public and private
villainy, of public and private virtue, were the
same; and he equally reverenced and supported
the one and abhorred and contested the other.
In politics he was too pure, too enlightened
and patriotic to be a partisan ; in religion too
charitable and humble, too deeply imbued with
the spirit of his Divine Master to be a bigot,
liven rivalry and enmity always pronounced
upon him the most concise, most comprehen-
sive, and the noblest of all eulogies, " IIenrt
Giiider is an honest man and a Christian."
lo his congressional associates lie gave from
day to day an unobtrusive but noble pattern
of virtue and patriotism. His death filled with
general sorrow the community in wlneh he
lived, and his name will live there among the
.most cherished.
Mr. President. I move that the Senate adopt
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That tho Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Mfary Grides, late a member of tho House of
•Representatives, from the Stats of Kentucky.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, as a
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased, will
go into mourning by wearing crape on the left arm
for the residue of the session.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn. #
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and the Se ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 9, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. "William Paton, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed, without
amendment, House bill No. 1127, to fix the pay
of the quartermaster sergeant of the battalion
of Engineers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill No. 896, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 80th of June, 1867, with
amendment^, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
President having returned to the Senate, in
which it originated, the bill (S. No. 456) to
admit the State of Nebraska into the Union,
with his objections thereto, the Senate had
proceeded to reconsider the same, had resolved
that the said bill do pass, (two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto,) and had directed the
message of the President and the bill, with the
proceedings of the Senate thereon, to be com-
municated'to the House of Representatives.
ciianoe of name of a yacht.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table for the purpose
of reference Senate joint resolution No. 159,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
permit the owner of the yacht Mayflower to
change the name to Sylvie.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was taken up, read a first and second tir&e, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
boston custom-house.
Mr. HULBURD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures a part of the investigation in regard
to the officers of the Boston custom-house.
Mr. PLANTS. As a member of the com-
mittee I ask to have the report deferred a day
or two.
Mr. HULBURD. The report has been sub-
mitted to the sub-committee, and all of them
concur in desiring the chairman to report it at
this time.
Mr. PLANTS. I was not aware of that
fact, but I still object.
california land-grant.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of tho House to take from the Speaker's table
bill of the Senate No. 461, an act for a grant
of lands to the State of California to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,"
for the purpose of reference to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. COBB. I object.
indian' appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I ask to report back from
the Committee on Appropriations the Indian
appropriation bill; and as I do not propose to
go into any debate upon it myself, I will ask its
consideration in tho House in order that it
may go to the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. I object and insist on the
regular order.
Mr. KABSON. I will say that under the
circumstances, as general debate on the special
order^ is going ou, it is really important that
this bill should be disposed of. The bill can
be' disposed of in ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. THAYER. I would not object if the
committee could give me any guarantee that
this bill would not occupy m-ore than half an
hour.
Mr. IiASSON. I do not propose to debate it.
Mr. THAYER. I must insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give notice
to the House.that at half past three o' clock the
Kentucky delegation will announce the death
of tho late Mr. Grider.
lbaye of Absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence for one ^eek' for Mr. Bergen.
No objection was made, and-the leave of ab-
sence was granted.
- government of insurrectionary states.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1143, to provide for the
more effectual government of tho insurrection-
ary States, upon which Mr. Banks was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his remarks,
Mr. BANKS gave notice of a substitute that,
at the proper time, he would submit for the bill
under consideration.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, the proposed
substitute was ordered to be printed.
Message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Moore, one of his Secretaries.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bill
No. 1144, making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the contin-
gent expense of the House of Representatives
of the United States for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1807; also, House bill No. 643, to
alter the place of holding the circuit courts of
the United States for the Rhode Island dis-
trict, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Also, without amendment, House bill No.
505, to authorize the trustees of the Foundry
(Methodist Episcopal) church to sell and con-
vey square No. 235 of the city of Washington ;
Also, Senate b'ills of the following titles, in
which the concurrcnce of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 550) entitled "An act author-
izing the construction of a jail in and for the
District of Columbia," approved June 25,1866 ;
and
An act (S. No. 532) for the relief of the in-
habitants of cities and towns upon the public
lands.
admission of nebraska.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
House now take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 456, for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union, for the pur-
pose of putting it on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged ques-
tion, and the bill is now before the House. The
Clerk will read the message from the Senate.
The message from the Senate was read, as
follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate the bill
for the admission of the State of Nebraska into tho
Union, with the message of the President returning
the same with his objections, and the proceedings of
the Senate thereon, to the House of Representatives.
The Cleric read the bill, as follows: "*
Whereas, on the 21st day of March, A. D.18G4, Con-
gress passed an act to enable the people of Nebraska
to form a constitution and State government, and
oftered to admit said State, when so formed, into
the Union upon compliance with certain conditions
therein specified; and whereas it appears that the said
people nave adopted a constitution which, upon due
examination, is found to conform to the provisions
andcomply with the conditions of said act, and to be
republican in its form of government, and that they
now ask for admission into the Union: Therefore,
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the epnstitution and State government
