1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
alone concerned in having their State possess
equal powers with the rest of the States; but
that is not the theory of the Constitution. There
are some other rights which are inalienable;
the Declaration of Independence says life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness; but that is
relied upon for a different purpose. There are
other rights, political in their character, which
are also inalienable as long as our Government
endures, and those rights are the political rights
secured to States in order to enable them to be
the equals of all their sisters, and to bring to
the preservation of the Government through
all time precisely an equal amount of authority
which may be possessed politically by any other
member of the Union. In other words, Mr.
President, and to conclude, we were intended
to be equal as States—equal individually as
men. Equality is impressed by the Constitu-
tion upon both characters—upon the political
character of the citizens composing a State,
and upon their individual character as citizens.
No distinction was designed to be created. It
was the purpose of the Constitution to place
all upon the high, elevated ground of equality*
of political and individual rights; and that
being the case, in my judgment, it necessarily
follows that the amendment upon the table
cannot be constitutionally supported.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I had in-
tended yesterday, had I been recognized by the
Chair, to say something in reply to the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade;] but the occasion
passed, and I have no desire to-day to recall
that controversy. I shall content myself, there-
fore, with one word to explain the vote which
I propose to give.
I prefer the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Missouri; but if that be voted down
I shall gladly accept the amendment moved by
the Senator from Vermont. I prefer that moved
by the Senator from Missouri, because it is in
conformity with fixed precedents in the Con-
gress of the United States. It places the equality
of all men before the law under the protection
of a compact between the United States on the
one part and the State on the other part. It
therefore has not enly the validity of legisla-
tion, but the further supremacy, if I may so
express myself, of Compact. On this point I
desire to call attention to the language which
was onee uttered in this Chamber by Mr. Web-
ster ; and indeed I doubt if in all his utterances
he ever expressed himself with more power and
felicity. I believe on another occasion I called
the attention of the Senate to this same pas-,
sage; but it will bear repetition. Alluding to
the ordinance for the Northwest Territory, by
which slavery was forever prohibited there, Mr.
Webster uses the following language:
44 It fixed forever the character of the population
in the vast reeions northwest of the Ohio by ex-
cluding from them involuntary servitude. It im-
pressed on the soil itself, while it was yet a wilder-
ness, an incapacity to bear up any other than free-
men. Itlaid the interdict against personal servitude,
in original compact, not only deeper than all local
law, but deeper also than all local constitutions."
Those are the words of Mr. Webster, and
they are strictly applicable to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, should it be
adopted by Congress and become a part of the
statute admitting Nebraska into the Union.
It is therefore on account of its positive, recog-
nized efficacy, according to the approved pre-
cedents of our history, that I prefer that
amendment.
But, sir, should the Senate not agree with
me, should it be voted down, then I shall take
the next best thing; I shall take the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont. I shall
try to regard that also as in the nature of a
compact, but not of so positive and express
character as the other form of the proposition.
But whatever may be its validity, the amend-
ment of the Senatorfrom Vermont, if adopted,
will have at least this efficacy: it will keep the
Congress of the United States on the record
clear and above reproach; it will save the nation
from being stultified by an act of Cougress
which, as it now stands, is in absolute defiance
of the first principles of the Declaration of
Independence. It is, therefore, because it will
have the effect of bringing the.statute at last into
harmony with the Declaration of Independence
that I shall vote for it. I accept it reluctantly
as a settlement of this question, but I am willing
to accept it. Preferring, however, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, I shall be
obliged to vote against the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont if it is moved as a sub-
stitute for that. I had hoped that he would
not antagonize his proposition with that of the
Senator from Missouri, but that he would allow
us to vote on each separately. I now think
that would be the best form of proceeding : but
if the Senator perseveres in antagonizing his
proposition with the other, I shall be obliged,
at the first stage, to vote against it.
Mr. WADE. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, of course, defeats the great
object of the bill, because it requires the peo-
ple throughout this vast Territory to assemble
together and hold another election. That is
equivalent, in my judgment, to a total rejection
of the constitution and a defeat of the very
purpose I had in view in urging the bill now.
That amendment will put the people to the
trouble and expense of another election, and
put the whole matter at large again. So noth-
ing will be gained by fastening this amend-
ment on the bill. Therefore I take it that the
friends of this bill who think it is best that the
State of Nebraska should be admitted at once
will vote against that amendment.
As to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont, I find that there is some disa-
greement in regard to the law and Constitu-
tion on the subject; but the amendment is cer-
tainly a very harmless one, and it lies in the
direction that we almost all approve. I want
such a provision affixed in this case as much
as the Senator from Massachusetts, if it can
be done ; and that will not prevent the imme-
diate admission of the State. I hope, there-
fore, the friends of the bill who think that
amendment is right and proper will vote for
it, as I shall myself.
I make these observations only because I
desire it may be perfectly understood what we
are doing. If you adopt the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri you defeat the im-
mediate purpose of the bill, and send the peo-
ple back to take the whole subject under con-
sideration again, really defeating the measure.
If you adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont you simply conform to the opin-
ions of those who are in favor of universal
suffrage. I believe that is calculated and de-
signed to harmonize all the friends of that
principle. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
reject the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, and adopt that of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, now I want to
add a word. I want to say that if we adopt
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, we impose upon no inhabitant of
N ebraslca any other sacrifice in the world than
that of attending an election, which at the
most will occupy one day of Ins time. No man
who lives in Nebraska will have to attend to
an election that costs him any more time than
that, .and the vast majority of them can attend
the election without spending an hour; and
the question is whether this matter of suffrage
or no suffrage for colored men in Nebraska is
of sufficient importance, is of sufficient moment,
to ask that amount of sacrifice of the different
citizens of Nebraska. That is all there is of
that; and if you adopt the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri, and the
people of Nebraska acquiesce in it, then that
will be the law of Nebraska, and you know it,
and no man denies it; but, if on the other hand,
you adopt in lieu of that the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Vermont it will not
be the law of Nebraska, and the Senator from
Vermont admits that it will not be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not admit anything
of the kind. I say, on the contrary, that it will H
be the law of Nebraska, just as every other act
of Congress regularly passed- is the law over
the people of every State in the Union.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not under-
stand that we pass a law if we adopt the Sen-
ator's amendment declaring that colored men
shall have the right of suffrage in Nebraska,
but we simply say that Nebraska may come
into the Union as a State if she will allow
colored men to vote in that State. But I did
understand him to say, and I have his remarks
before me now, I have looked them over, and
I do still understand him to have said yester-
day in reply to the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessexden,] that the colored suffrage would
not be decreed in Nebraska if we adopted his
amendment; that it would still be optional with
the- State of Nebraska to give them suffrage or
to withhold suffrage from them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend read the
VAm n 9
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, I will:
44 As I have said before in the course of this debate,
the people of any State, whatever may be the limita-
tions in their government, whether as to slavery or
anything else, may choose to become dissolved and
not to exercise the political functions with which
they are endowed, whether they are old or new; and
when they cease to exercise those functions, to hold
elections, to send Senators and Representatives, and
to exercise the other acts which are necessary in
political communities, of course, as an organized
political community, that State becomes dissolved,
and there is no power in the Government at all,
because in the pature of things there cannot be, to
compel those people to exercise those functions.
"Now, if we admit this State with this fundamental
condition, which becomes a part of the act of admis-
sion, then any action which her agents and repre-
sentatives may take under it is prima facie evidence
that they are exercising political power under the
charter of incorporation which we have chosen to
grant them. If it turns out afterward thatthe agents
who have thus assumed to represent the State and
to exercise those functions with which we have in-
vested them are repudiated by their people, their
stockholders, to use an apt illustration, and the stock-
holders choose to dissolve the corporation, then of
course the representative functions of those agents
must cease, and we shall only be in the condition
that we often are for a short time of having had rep-
resentatives in this body who, it finally turned out,
had no right to be here."
If I understand that, it means simply this:
that if we accept the State upon this funda-
mental condition there is yet reserved to
Nebraska—I do not understand whether to the
people or the Legislature or the Governor or
the courts of Nebraska—but to Nebraska in
there is yet reserved the power to
say, notwithstanding, we have taken her rep-
resentatives in here, whether she consents to
that condition or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to say to my
friend, that if we admit Nebraska without this
condition at all, if we pass the bill just as it is,
precisely the power that I was speaking of
yesterday is reserved to her still because we
cannot enforce the specific performance of
political duties. That is all there is of that.
Mr. HOWE. The question is, if by adopt-
ing this amendment we make it a part of the
organic law of Nebraska that colored men shall
vote; or rather, if we make it a law which
supersedes, which is paramount to the organio
law of Nebraska that colored men shall vote,
colored men can then vote, whether we take
in the representatives of Nebraska here or not.
What I want to know is, will it be the law of
Nebraska, in spite of anything that she may
say herself, that colored men can vote? '
Mr. EDMUNDS. ~Y say it will be the law
of Nebraska, provided she exists as a State at
all, irrespective of her State will.
Mr. HOWE. If we put this amendment
upon the pending bill and then pass the bill,
two things will certainly happen : first, that
two men will come upon this Uoor to represent
Nebraska in making laws for the United States,
and one will come upon the floor of the other
House to perform the same functions. That is
one thing which will happen certainly. An-
other thing is that there is a Governor elected
for the State of Nebraska, a Legislature and
courts provided, and they will take upon them-
selves the functions of that State, and there
will be these two machines in full motion cer-
