1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of the Territories they will kill them off. Per-
haps that is so, but they are now in process of
decay, and perhaps there is no instance in the
history of human life where tribes are disap-
pearing so rapidly as the Indian tribes of the
Northwest. No system can be worse than the
present one.
I had a great many amusing instances nar-
rated to me during a recent trip through the
West of the manner in which Indian treaties
were made ; but I will not detain the Senate
with a statement of them. The whole thing is
a ridiculous farce. A few drunken Indians are
gathered together, and an Indian agent writes
out a treaty, and it is signed by them, signing
their mark. It is sent to the Senate of the
United States, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs; they examine it without any
knowledge of it, without any opportunities of
information, on such statements as they gather
from persons not present, and the Senate rati-
fies it, generally when hardly anybody is present.
At the last session of Congress we ratified a
treaty, probably with scarcely any information
in the Senate, that involves the expenditure of
over two million dollars, and revived old trea-
ties which, it seems to me, put us under a legal
obligation to pay within a year or two about
two million dollars to a single tribe of Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. Two million three
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend says $2,300,000.
It seems to me that this whole system ought to
be broken up. I should be willing to make
annual appropriations from time to time for all
the Indian tribes of the West; to make them
from year to year as their necessities and their
condition demand. It would be much wiser to
do that than to appropriate in pursuance of
Indian treaties made without- limitation or
restraint or without any of the care that we
can exercise over appropriations. The Com-
mittee on Finance have no way except simply
to report, appropriations to carry into effect
existing treaties, and there is nothing in the
whole of this bill but what is provided for by
law or by treaty, or fs in pursuance of pre-
vious appropriations in California, Arizona,
and some of the Territories where we have no
treaty relations with the Indians. I believe in
the Territories acquired from Mexico we have
no treaty stipulations, or scarcely any. The
service in California is far less expensive than
in the region of country where we have treaties
with the Indian tribes. In California the sys-
tem of which Mr. Latham was the arfthor works
very well, I believe. We have collected the
Indians in four reservations, where they are
cared for with an annual expense of less than
one hundred thousand dollars. If I remember
correctly, the whole appropriations for the In-
dian service in California is now less than one
hundred thousand dollars, while the number
of Indians composing it is very large. The
whole amount appropriated by this bill, with
the amendments added to it, will be over three
million dollars.
Mr. HENDERSON. As has been truly
stated by the Senator from Ohio, the purpose
of this amendment is to pay to the Assiniboine
Indians the amount that would be due to them
if the treaty were ratified. The Department
asked for a larger sum, but the committee
thought it proper not to give a larger amount.
I will state that there are a good many treaties
before the committee. They are treaties with
Indian tribes the most of whom live in the
district of country that is now in disturbance,
and the committee agreed with the Indian de-
partment that it would not be advisable to
ratify those treaties. I, like the Senator from
Ohio, have objections to the ratification by
the Senate of such a large number of these
Indian treaties. A different policy must be
adopted in regard to them. The idea of mak-
ing a treaty, as he properly says, with the
Indians, oftentimes in uiter ignorance on the
part of the Indians of what the treaty con-
tains, and then having ii ratified by the Sen-
ate who, I must say, generally are as utterly
ignorant of the provisions of th« treaty as the
Indians themselves, is very bad policy. I
agree with him, therefore, that something
ought to be done in order to correct this sys-
tem. I have not any doubt that it will be
done; and, with a view to that end, I think
commissioners ought to be appointed, if not
permanent commissioners, at least a tempo-
rary board for the purpose of devising ways
and means of having the Indians put upon cer-
tain reservations beyond the lines of travel as
far as possible, and collecting them in a space
much smaller than that in which they now are.
That will have to be done ultimately, and the
sooner it is done the better; and the sooner it
is done the sooner will the United States get rid
of the very heavy burden now falling upon us.
Under the circumstances, inasmuch as this
tribe of Indians was, upon the line of travel
where these difficulties are now threatened;
inasmuch as they signed a treaty a year ago
or nearly a year ago and sent it to us for con-
firmation ; and inasmuch as they are somewhat
surprised that the moneys due under the treaty
have not been furnished; and inasmuch as they
themselves say they have have complied with
every part of the treaty, the committee thought
it was best, in order to keep them quiet and
not have them join with those two bands of
the Sioux who seem now to be engaged in hos-
tilities, to furnish them the small amount that
the treaty contemplates. Perhaps if we get
'into a war with them it will cost us millions
of dollars, while the appropriation of a very
small sum now will have the effect to keep
them segregated, separated from the hostile
Indians. We think it is better to do so. They
are right in the midst of them, right on the line
of travel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many are there
of them?
Mr. HENDERSON. About forty-three hun-
dred. They are not very strong; but they have
some few warriors, and perhaps would give us
a great deal of trouble. There is a provision
in the amendment that if they have been en-
gaged in acts of hostility, which will of course
be inquired into, the money shall not be paid
anyhow.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the Senator having this bill in charge how much
money is appropriated in it. That is about all
we can know in reference to it. I do not know
that it makes much difference, but I should like
to know how much is appropriated by the bill.
_Mr. SHERMAN. The amount contained in
this bill is $2,700,000. I think the amount of
the amendment is about seventy thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; not this amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amendment;
this proposition and the one to follow it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment to offer of a similar character. The let-
ter already read explains it. It is to insert on
page 3, after line fifty-two:
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans:
For first installment of annuity, to be expended in
such goods, provisions, and other articles as the Pres-
ident may from time to time determine, ($5,000 of
which may be expended in the purchase of stock
animals, agricultural implements, in instructing in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in employing
mechanics, educating theirchildren. providing medi-
cines and medical attendance, care l'or and support
of the aged, sick, and infirm, for the hclplessorphans
of said Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement: and
also for pay of head chief, soldier chiefs, second chiefs,
and Pierre Garreau for his services to the Arickarces,
per article treaty of July 17, 1866, sccond article not
yet ratified, addenda thereto, and recommendation
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, $40,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of phrase-
ology, I want the reference in the amendment
to a treaty not yet ratified stricken out. Let"
the amount "remain, but the reference to a
treaty not yet ratified should be stricken out.
Mr. HENDERSON. The same reference
is in the previous amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be stricken
oul of that too. We can appropriate the i
amount for this purpose without saying that it
is under the treaty.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let that 1)e done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment previously agreed to will be so modified,
if no objection be interposed. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ihaveanotheramcnd-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It is to insert after the amendment just adopted:
Chcyenncs of the Upper Platte river:
For this amount for the Cheyenncs near Fort Lara-
mie, to be put at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Interior, to be expended by him or under his direc-
tion, in such manner as will best tend to sustain
peaceable relations with said Indians, for the fiscal
year ending Juno 30,1867, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ihaveanotheramend-
ment to come in after line four hundred and
seventy-eight, on page 21:
Crows: '
For first installment of annuity to be expended for
such useful goods, provisions, and other articles as tho
President from time to time may determine; $8,000
of which installment may be expended in the pur-
chase of stock, animals, agricultural implements, in
the employment of mechanics, in educating their
children, in providing necessary medicines and med-
ical attendance, care for the support of tho aged,
infirm, and sick, and for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement; and also for
pay of head chief, per sixth article of the treaty of
April 10, 1866, not ratified, on the recommendation
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1867, $25,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that part which makes
a reference to a treaty not yet ratified be
stricken out.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will so modify the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then strike out all refer-
ence to an installment, and simply say: " for
this amount to be expended," &c.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will accept that
modification.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I move to add
after the clause just adopted :
For this amount for pay of sixteen half-breeds, to
be expended in goods or money at the discretion of
the President, $800.
For this amount to be paid Pierre Chien in consid-
eration of tho friendship and services rendered by
him to the Crow Indians, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, $200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment to come in after line eleven hundred and
fifty-one, on page 48 :
For this amount for the Brule and Ogallalla bands
of Sioux, to be placed at tho disposal of the Secretary
of the Interior, to be expended by him or under his
direction in such manner as will beat tend to sustain
peaceable relations with said Indians, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,18C7, $70,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move further to
amend the bill by striking out the eleventh
page, lines two hundred and thirty-two, two
hundred and thirty-three, and two hundred and
thirty-four, in these words:
For twenty-first of forty-six installments, to be paid
the Chippewas of Mississippi per third article of
treaty of August 2,1847, $1,000.
And in lieu of this clause to insert the fol-
lowing :
For the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nine-
teenth, twentieth, and twenty-first of forty-six in-
stallments, to be paid tho Chippewas of the Missis-
sippi, as per third article of treaty of August 2,1847,
$11,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. This proposition was
submitted to the Committee on Finance, and
was rejected by them. Perhaps we had not
full information before that committee ; but f
will state the view we took of it. For some
ten or twelve years the Indian department did
not estimate at all for this appropriation.
That was a very significant fact; because if
there were Indians who really needed the ap-
propriation, and who were entitled to it, the
Indian Bureau would have unquestionably
asked for it; or if not, complaints would have
