358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
tainly. But will colored men vote in Nebraska
or not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They will. ,
Mr. HOWE. They will—sure?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Sure.
Mr. HOWE. Then what was the meaning
of the Senator when he said they may choose
to dissolve themselves?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is because in the case
supposed they do not choose to dissolve them-
selves, but choose to go on.
Mr. HOWE. But who choose to go on? A
couple of gentlemen choose to take seats here
and draw their salaries and their mileage, and
another gentleman chooses to take his seat in
the House of Representatives and draw his
fealaryand mileage. That is what they choose;
Taut they were not selected by the State of Ne-
braska or the people of the State of Nebraska
for the purpose of committing her on this ques-
tion of accepting or rejecting the proposition
of colored suffrage. There is a Governor
chosen in Nebraska, and he may choose for
himself to take upon himself the functions of
Governor. But do these acts commit the people
of Nebraska to the law of negro suffrage?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They commit the people
of Nebraska jusfras long as they choose to sub-
mit to that Governor and to that representation.
If they do not choose to submit to that Gov-
ernor and to that representation, and do not
continue that organization on the ground that
it has exceeded its powers, or on any other
ground that seems to be suitable to the people,
then there will not be any State government
there. The Governor derives his power to act
at all from the act of Congress which gives the
Stsfte vitality; and if he does act, we must
take it, as long as he acts by the sufferance of
the people, that there is a State governmentin
Nebraska. If he does not choose to act, or
the people do not choose to permit him to act,
then there will not be any such organized gov-
ernment in Nebraska.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, let us
look at it. So long as he acts by the suffer-
ance of the people of Nebraska we are to
understand that the people of Nebraska assent
to colored suffrage. But he does not act a day
by the sufferance of the people of Nebraska,
simply because the people of Nebraska have
no power to touch him in his official character.
By the constitution of that State which we
have sanctioned an election is to take place
for some other Governor at a future day, I do
not know when ; and the people cannot touch
him until that day comes round; and can the
people of Nebraska touch their Senators who
are here? Nay, Mr. President, there is a gov-
ernment for Nebraska existing to-day by vir-
tue of a law of Congress, with a Governor and
judicial officers and legislative officers; and
when you pass this act you withdraw from that
Territory that government, the members of
which are the only tribunals that can dispute
the action of the State government created by
the people of Nebraska. Now, I want to
speak with entire respect of every proposition
to amend a law here, and therefore I will not
say that it is a snap game, but it looks the most
like it of anything I ever saw in my life. Still
I do not feel myself at liberty to Call it so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will not
restrain himself on my account.
Mr. HOWE. NotatalH I know my friend
from Vermont will not take offense; but it is
a proposition pending here and I feel bound to
treat it with the utmost respect. I do not see,
however, yet what opportunity the people of
Nebraska have to determine this question of
suffrage for themselves.
Mr. CONNESS. I am interested to the ex-
tent of having a vote on this subject, and by
the kindness of the Senator from Wisconsin I
hope he will permit me to make a suggestion
on this point.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont, he holds that the act of
admission with this amendment which he pro-
poses has the full force of a national statute,
and subordinates to it the constitution under
which Nebraska is to be a State if admitted by
this act; and therefore it follows according to
his proposition, as I understand it, that it will
not be in the power of the people of Nebraska,
whether they consent to it or not, to prevent ■
colored persons from voting, because->the na-
tional statute obligates them to submit to it,
and confers the power. That is my understand-
ing of the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont arid his arguments in its favor; and it is
in view of that understanding that I propose to
vote on the Bubject when the question comes to
a vote. I make this suggestion to the Senator
from Wisconsin rather for my own benefit.
Mr. HOWE. Now, my friend will allow me
to say that I am interested in bringing this ques-
tion to a vote, and therefore I take the liberty
of saying to him that I do not understand the
Senator from Vermont to assert any such thing
thing as that the adoption of this amendment
will make a law which is paramount to the con-
stitution of Nebraska.
Mr. CONNESS. He declares that ho does
say so.
Mr. HOWE. If that is what he says, I do
not find it in his language here; he does not
reply that to me; but on the contrary he does
argue that there is reserved to the State of
Nebraska somewhere the power to exclude
colored men from suffrage, and he says that if
she does exclude them from suffrage it works a
dissolution of the State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to correct the
Senator?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I say, Mr. Presi-
dent, is that the only power which is reserved
to the people of Nebraska to exclude colored
men from suffrage is the same power that is
reserved to them and the people of every other
State to exclude themselves from suffrage by
not having any government in which suffrage
can be required. They have the power to do
nothing at all and become dissolved.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President; there
must be a power in Nebraska independent of
that of dissolution. As I said before, when
we pass this bill a new government goes into
operation, and there will be municipal elections
held under the protection of that government;
colored men will come to the polls' and offer
their votes; they will be received or rejected
by municipal officers responsible to that local
government and not responsible to us. If they
have under this law the right to vote, exclud-
ing their votes would be a wrong which that
local government there should redress. Will
they redress it? The Senator says if they do
not redress it they will be no body; but if the
court should happen to decide, on suit brought
by a negro who complained that his right to
vote had been abridged, that the negro had no
right to vote, I take it that would not abolish
the courtat once. That judgment would stand,
the court would go on and try the remaining
cases on the calendar; and yet what would
become of the right of the negro ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I trust my friend from
Wisconsin will excuse me when I remind him
that the colored man claiming the right to vote
under an act of Congress would be entitled to
take the opinion of the national tribunals as to
what his rights were. I admit, certainly, as
we must all admit in every case of passing a
law, that if it turns out in the end by the judg-
ment of the last tribunal that that law has not
any force, nobody has any rights under it. That
is clear enough, and so far as private rights are
concerned those decisions must be binding;
but when those decisions go so far to trench
on legislative and political power as to inter-
fere with the just prerogative of other branches
of the Government,, I trust we shall find means
to set them right.
Mr. HOWE. So do T. Now, Mr. President,
if that is what the Senator means, if it is a right
conferred by a national statute, and therefore
to be enforced in a national court, this talk
which he indulged in yesterday in reply to the
Senator from Maine, and which I have read
here, about dissolving themselves by refusing
this right to vote, is out of place,-because re-
fusing the right to vote does not have ary tend-
ency to dissolve the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say yesterday
that refusing the colored man the right to vote
dissolved the' Government. I said that if the
people did not choose to exercise the func-
tions which we authorized them to exercise by,
setting up that government, they would be dis-
solved just as the government of Wisconsin
would be if her people did not exercise the
rights of a State.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator
from Maine yesterday to ask the Senator from
Vermont substantially these two questions:
first, whether adopting his amendment and
then passing the bill would confer the right to
vote on these negroes beyond the power of
Nebraska to deny it; and if it did not, what
remedy would be employed in case Nebraska
should refuse to grant them the right to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will recur
to the remarks of the Senator from Maine he
will perceive that he does not precisely under-
stand the interrogatory that was put. It re-
lated to the question of evidence as to whether
we were to treat this State as set up in respect
of being a State itself, irrespective of what
should be done with colored men afterward,
on this condition ; and I was endeavoring to
show that the action of these Senators and
Representatives in going on with the govern-
ment we should treat as prima facie, evidence
of the existence of that government. That
was the point to which the remarks of the
Senator from Maine were directed.
Mr. HOWE. I think on the contrary that
my own understanding of the question put by
the Senator from Maine is the nearest right,
and so I thought I could not be mistaken in
the answer given by the Senator from Ver-
mont ; but now I understand him to say that
if we put this amendment into the bill we shall
put the people of Nebraska under the govern-
ment of a State, and put them into the Union
in that shape, but with the elective franchise
in the hands of a different body of people
from what they have ever agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Subject to that condition.
Mr. HOWE. Subject to no condition in the
world. That is the law ; there is no condition
about it. They become a State ; and then that
government has just the same authority that
the government of New York has in New York
and the government of Wisconsin has there.
They can die, as we are told now; they can
have no government whatever. The territo-
rial government is withdrawn ; they have a
State government set uj) ; they must submit
to that, with the elective franchise in the hands
of a different body of people from what they
have adopted. The only alternative to them
is dissolution, death, the death of the State.
Now, I do not think that is giving the people
of Nebraska, as I said the other day, a fair
chance. Putting an alternative to them which
they are bound to accept or die, seems to me
driving them into rather a sharp corner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to suggest that
if we pass the bill with the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri we do exactly the same
thing.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, we say take that or
die.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Most certainly we do for
this reason : we say we admit you upon a con-
dition which you must agree to; if you do agree
to it, you are in; if you do not agree to it you
are a Territory still; you are nothing as respects
a State. Therefore we compel the people of
the Territory, or rather that part of the people
'who come here, to accede to this condition be-
fore they shall exercise the functions of a State.
Mr. HOWE. We leave them with the pro-
tection of the government they have, the gov-
