1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
House upon' the question whether all power
shall bo surrendered to the rebels of the South
or whether we shall exert the constitutional
authority we possess over the Army ('which is
our servant to-day and will.be 0111 servant
through all this contest) in the interest of
loyalty, and thus break down the governments
in the South, lay a basis on which we may be
able to build civil institutions, and, as soon as
we have the opportunity, prepare a way for their
establishment. But it is the vainest delusion,
the wildest of hopes, the most dangerous of
aspirations to contemplate or even to hope for
the reconstruction of civil government until the
rebel despotisms enthroned in power in those
ten States shall be broken up.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I am quite
willing to concede for the sake of the present
argument the correctness of everything the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] has said ; and my reply to it is that not
one solitary thing which he has proposed can
be done under the state of things now existing
or under any state of things which the propo-
sition now before the House will bring about.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Permit me to ask
the gentleman 
Mr. RAYMOND. I cannot yield now; the
gentleman must excuse me.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I was merely going
to ask why nothing which the gentleman from
Massachusetts has proposed can be done.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am going to tell the
gentleman why. There was no need for him
to ask me the question.
Sir, there is not a single suggestion which
the gentleman from Massachusetts has made,
there is not a single proposition he has put
forward as necessary to be adopted by this
Government that does not involve the exercise
of doubtful powers. He has said that it is
absolutely necessary to remove the rebel des-
potism at the South,- and he intimated it was
equally necessary to remove the obstacles to
our action which exists elsewhere.
Mr. BOUTWBLL. The gentleman has mis-
understood me. I made no such intimation.
Mr. RAYMOND. Very well. Then I did
misunderstand the gentleman, but the same
objection applies to the other point. If wo
are obliged to remove these "despotisms" at
the South it must be done by some act, by
some law which the country will accept as
legitimate, as constitutional, as appropriate
to the occasion. Now, sir, 1 do not say posi-
tively that the bill now before the House will
not be accepted in that sense and for that pur-
pose; but I do say, if 1 may judge from the
expressions of opinion which I hear all round
me on this floor, expressions of individual
opinion of members themselves, it will not
command that hearty approval which will lead
to those great results, against the action of the
other departments of the Government, which
are expected from it.
1 do not wish to make any argument now
against the present bill. I have already said
all 1 desire to say on that point. But I do say
that if we pass it by a two-thirds majority it
will not have, and cannot be expected to have,
that support from other quarters it ought to
have to accomplish the objects it is designed
to reach.
Gentlemen may say if the President de-
clines or refuses to enforce it he will subject
himself to impeachment. Very possibly. _ That
depends entirely on the manner in which he
may do it. There are many ways of making a
law. inoperative without subjecting himself to
such construction and such punishment as
•that. But I agree entirely with the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that it is
for our interest, it is for the interest of the
country, for the welfare of the whole Union,
and especially for the welfare of the loyal part
of the Union, that in what we propose to do,
looking to the reconstruction of the rebel
Slates, looking to the destruction of rebel
despotism there, it is important to the last
degree that we should have the cooperation of
all the branches of the Government.
I think gentlemen on this floor will not dis-
pute the desirableness of that, however they
may doubt its feasibility. Now, sir, unless
this proposition can command that coopera-
tion it will be of little value. Standing by
itself simply as a law upon the statute-book
it will amount to nothing. Unless gentlemen
upon this floor are satisfied that this bill is a
proper remedy for the evils which exist in the
southern States; unless they are satisfied that
it is so certain to be operative and effective,
and to obtain the result desired as to make all
other propositions needless, I think they would
do well to consider the possibility of present-
ing something that will cover the ground more
completely than this bill does, and thus secure
a more general assent from the country at
large.
1 acknowledge the necessity of doing some-
thing, and the necessity of something effective.
I would be glad to see something done which
the President would approve, or in default of
that something which he could not oppose with-
out rendering himself liable to impeachment.
It is doubtful whether the country would sus-
tain the impeachment of the President upon
anything now before it. I believe it would
not. When wo propose the impeachment of
the President we must consider that we have
to deal with facts, and 'not vague declaration.
We cannot assert that because the country is
disturbed and becausc the country holds the
President responsible for that disturbance
therefore the country demands his impeach-
ment and removal.
What has he done ? You say he liasj-iohited
his oath and refused to execute the law. But
you must point to the instances where he has
refused to enforce the law. What specific in-
stance can you put your finger upon in which
he has been called upon to protect the rights of
citizens in the southern States and has re-
fused to do so? It is not enough to deal in
vague accusation ; you have to frame a bill of
specific and definite charges, embracing details
of his refusal to perform specilic functions im-
posed upon him by law. We may frame a bill,
possibly we may devise a law, which if lie
refuses to execute it may enable us to hold him
to his proper responsibility ; but this bill will
not do it, because it imposes upon him no duty
whatever. '
1 desire, moreover, to sec some bill intro-
duced which, while providing for the proper
exercise of military authority for the preser-
vation of peace, shall also contain some pro-
vision for the organization of' civil govern-
ments in these southern Slates. This bill does
nothing of the sort. It does not even for-
shadow any such provision.
The gentleman from Ohio said the other day
that he would not support this bill if he did not
regard it as merely preliminary to others which
would provide civil authority for those States.
Where are those other bills, andwhatare they?
How do we know what civil rights will be pro-
vided by those bills, which this bill is to pro-
tect, unless we have the whole programme
before us ?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Thegentlcmanhas
inquired where that bill is. I take pleasure
in answering that so far as one of the States is
concerned one committee of the House has had
charge of that subject-matter, and if permitted
by the House will report on Monday a bill that
will provide for that other civil organization
of a government based on loyal suffrage.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am delighted to hear
it. It is the first streak of light I have seen,
the first intimation that we have had of any-
thing in the form of civil government to go
with this bill which devolves such extraordi-
nary powers upon subaltern officers of the
Army. I shall wait for that bill with great
interest, and shall bo glad to see what pro-
visions it contains. But f suggest that we
should not adopt this bill until we know what
the provisions of that will be.
Mr. N1BLACK addressed the House 5or an
hour. [His remarks will lie pu'blished in the
Appendix.]
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask to have read for
the fftformation of the House and ordered to
be printed an amendment which, if an oppor-
tunity be afforded me, I propose to offer as a
substitute for the pending preamble and bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas a large number of the people of the
States of Virginia, Nortii Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Ala'ojma, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas did declare their independence
of the United States, and did form a protended gov-
ernment under the title of the confederate States of
America; and whereas their Senators and Repre-
sentatives did withdraw from their places in the
Congress of the United States and gave tlieir alle-
giance to the so-called government of the confed-
erate States of America; and whereas said pre-
tonded government did wage a cruel and destructive
war on tho Government and pcoplo of tho United
States, seized the public property, and destroyed the
commerce of the United States; and whereas the
said rebellion has been suppressed at a great loss of
blood and treasure of tho United States, it becomes
the duty of tho Congress of tho United States to
provide for tho restoration of said States to their
former relations to tho federal Government, and to
secure to all tho citizens of tho same complete pro-
tection in the full enjoyment of all their rights and
privileges under the Constitution; and whereas
the Congress of the United States does declare that
said States shall not resumo their relations to tho
Federal Government until a number of the people
of said States sufficient to control tho same, shall
maintain truo faith and allcgiance to tho United
States: Therefore,
Be it enacted, <£'0. That the Speaker of the House of
Bcpresentatives and tho I'rcsi'lent ot'thoSouate shall
appoint three commissioners for each State, citizcns
of tho State for which they shall bo appointed, who
shall have been throughout the rebellion Union men,
and who never aided or sympathized with the rebel-
lion, whose duty it shall be to call a convention of
the people of said States, for tho purpose of reform-
ing their constitutions to suit tho changed condition
of tho times. Said convontion shall consist of as
many delegates as.the most numerous branch of tho
Legislature on the 1st of January, 1860. No person
who voluntarily bore arms against the United States
or gave voluntary aid to tho rebellion shall ever be
eligiblo to a seat in said convontion.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That said com-
missioners shall on or by the 1st day of May, 18G7, or
as soon thereafter as practicable, appoint two com-
missioners of registiation for cach county, parish, or
district in each of said States, whose duty it shall bo
to register in an appropriate book for that purposo
all of the legal voters of said county, parish, or dis-
trict.. Ill order to ascertain whether any citizen who
may apply lor registration is entitled to vote, said
registers shall have power to administer oaths and
compel the attendance of witnesses.
Skc. :i. And be it jurther enacted. That every male
person of the age of twenty-one years, who is a citi-
zen ot the United States, who has resided one year
in tho State, and who has been a resident of tho
county six months next procedtag tho election, who
has never borne arms against tho United Statos or
given voluntary aid or comfort to tho enemy m tho
late rebellion, shall bo entitled to registration as a
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the commissioners of registration to ap-
point thice judges of election anil one clerk, regis-
tered voters, to hold elections on tho day ordered by
tho State commissioners in tho several precincts or
places for holding eloelionsin said counties,districts,
or parishes, or at any other convenient place: Pro-
vided, however. That in case any other than the usual
place for holding elections slnill bo selected, proper
notice shall bo given by advertising the same m at
least three public placcs. The polls shall be kept
open from ten o'clock a. m. until four o clock p. m.
of said day. Alter tho polls have been closed, tho
judges shall proceed to count the same, and shall
make a fair list ol the votes cast and lor whom cast,
and shall at once transmit by tho hands of the clerk
said list, signed by the judges arid certified by tho
clerk, to tho commissioners of registration, who shall
transmit thesame lotho State commissioners. Alter
the State commissioners shall have ascertained tho
successful candidates, they shall transmit to cach a
certificate of his election, which certificate shall
ontitlo him to his sent in the convention.
Src 5 And be it fudhn- enncteds lhat the election
for member; ot the convention shall taku place on
the first Monday in July, 1867, and tho convention
shall assemble on the first Monday m August, 1807,
at the capitals of the, respective States.
Sfc <> And be- itfurdur mortal, 'ihatwhm said
convention shall have formed a constitution and
shall have submitted the same to the people lor rat-
ification, and which shall have been drolaicd repub-
lican in form by the Congress of tho United States,
then said State shall be cntit led to representation in
the Congress of the United State?.
fcr.C. 7. And be if fuitlxr cn«<tc<1, That tlie^tbrco
commissioners appointed as provided for by this act,
as soon as they shall have been qualified, shall pro-
ceed to appoint judges, justices of tho peace, shcriiis,
and constables for said State, conformable to tho
respective districts as organized in said fotate in ino
year 1800; and such otfiecrs shall have the same juris-
diction and porfoi m tho same duties as rcanircd oi
them bv the !nws of said State on tho 'la* oiJan-
nary, 1S60, except where said laws have become -on-
trary to the laws of the United btatcs and in conflict
with the provisions of this act. ,
Si c 8. A ndb<- it further cnaOfl, Ihatthe btatccom-
mjssioners shall be duly Qualified before any judge
