1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
been made and the attention of Congress
called to it. But no estimate was made for
years ; and the fact that no estimate was made
is a sufficient indication that none was needed.
Now, however, after the expiration of a num-
ber of years', this appropriation is revived.
The natural inference from the neglect to make
the demands was that the Chippewas of the
Mississippi were pretty well all killed off. At
any rate, if there was any money due, we should
certainly have had some claim made for it;
and the fact that they lay idle for ten years and
did not demand this annual allowance is a
sufficient evidence that for some reason or
other it was not due. This year, for the first
time in a long while, the thing is revived with-
out any explanation, except a letter from the
• Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that in the
bill as it was passed by the House there was
an appropriation of $1,000 for the twenty-first
of forty-six installments, and that if the twenty-
first installment ought to be appropriated for,
all the back ones from the eleventh to the
twenty-first ought to be apprepriated for. That
is all the argument, i will read the letter
of the Commissioner to the Secretary of the
Interior:
"By the third article of the treaty of August 2,1847,
with the Chippewasof the Mississippi and LakeSupe-
rior, the United States agreed to pay to theChippewas
of the Mississippi $1,000 annuallyfor forty-six years.
This sum was appropriated regularly until 1852, at
which time the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and
tenth installments wore appropriated. Since then no
appropriation has been made. In the estimate of
appropriations required for the Indian service for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, at present before
Congress, there is included one for the twenty-first
installment under said article. This will leave ten
installments due the said Indians and unappropri-
ated. I inclose herewith an estimate for said ten
installments, and respectfully requestthat itbe trans-
mitted to the appropriate committee for further
action."
I think before this appropriation is made for
ten years we ought to know why for ten years
the appropriation was not asked for and why
it is now revived. I think the explanation we
had beforer the Finance Committee is not suf-
ficient. Perhaps we may have new light in
the Senate on the subject. I think this is
Eerhaps one of those cases where the Indians
ave disappeared in the march of time, under
the advance of civilization and the good offices
of the white man of Minnesota and that region
of country. Probably there were no Indians
to pay the $1,000 to, and therefore it was aban-
doned ; and lately some clerk looking over the
treaties found that there was an installment un-
der this treaty to be paid, and put it in the esti-
mates. We have no other evidence before us.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think this matter is sus-
ceptible of a very easy explanation. There is
no doubt that it is nothing more than a case of
omission on the part of the Indian office to
estimate for this annual appropriation under
the treaty of 1847. The Indians are aware of
this claim, and they have spoken to me of it
several times. I supposed when I was spoken
to about it first that there was some omission
on the part of the department that would be
promptly attended to, and I gave it no further
notice. It seems about 1852, at which time I
was superintendent of Indian affairs in Minne-
sota, they were paid this amount of money.
Why it has not been paid or estimated for sub-
sequently I do not understand. The Senator
from Ohio is mistaken in supposing that these
Indians have faded away. These Mississippi
bands of Chippewas are about as numerous
now as they have ever been. There has been
a great mistake on that general subject. All
the tribes we have known in the Northwest are
about as numerous now as they were thirty or
forty years ago—the Winnebagons and the
Chippewas.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are civilized.
Mr. RAMSEY. Partially civilized. The
Chippewas of the Mississippi are about as
numerous as they were at the time this treaty-
was negotiated. The head chief spojfe to me
only last evening about the matter of this item
of $1,000having Deen omitted for so many years,
and suggested the propriety of now making
the appropriation for the time that had elapsed.
I I trust there will be no difficulty about making
] the appropriation now. It is clearly due under
, the treaty, and good faith requires that its stip-
ulations should be fulfilled.
Mr. 'HENDERSON. All I can say about this
matter is that the propriety of the appropriation
has been urged upon the committee by the de-
partment, and when I turn to the treaty with
the Chippewas made in 1847 I find that the
third article of the treaty provides for the pay-
ment of this amount of money in this language:
"And the United States further agree to pay to the
Chippewas of the Mississippi the sum of $1,000 an-
nually for forty-six years.
I cannot find any subsequent treaty that
abrogates this article of the treaty of 1847. I
was of the impression that perhaps that might
have been done in some subsequent treaty, but
if there is any treaty with them to that effect
I cannot find it. My friend from Ohio sug-
gests a difficulty that at first seemed to be suf-
ficient in my mind in regard to the omissions
of estimates for this item for ten years; but
when I looked at the papers I did not see what
we could do except to appropriate the amount,
unless it be true that the tribe is extinct, and
my friend from Minnesota says that is not the
case. If the Senator from Ohio will look to
line two hundred and twenty-two of this bill he
will find that we are actually paying these In-
dians installments under an older treaty, under
the treaty of October 4, 1842. Certainly the
tribe cannot be extinct, for I believe there are ,
not less than from sixty to one hundred lines
of the bill as reported from the Finance Com-
mittee devoted to appropriations for the benefit
of these very Indians. If they are dead, the
Finance Committee have committed a very ;
great blunder in reporting so many appropria-
tions for their benefit.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have to carry outthe i
treaty stipulations as long as there is a single
Indian left. We have no other course to take.
Mr. HENDERSON. There are some of
these Indians here now. I have seen some of
this tribe in this city. I can find nothing abro-
gating this provision of the treaty of 1847, and
therefore I felt under obligations to propose ,
the amendment. The Senator from Minnesota
knows all about the case. I have called the
attention of the Senate to it, and they can do
as they choose. The treaty is before me, and
I see no way of avoiding its obligation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to put this amendment in the bill without fur-
ther explanation. It amounts to $10,000. I
am perfectly willing to pay it if we are bound
to pay it; but I should like to have the proper
officers explain why they omitted for so long a
time to estimate for this item. We found in
the Committee on Finance the same facts to
which the Senator from Missouri refers: that j
the money appeared to be due under the treaty |,
stipulation, and also that for ten years it was j
not estimated nor asked for nor any complaint
made, so far as we have any evidence. This
was sufficient at least to induce us to believe
that for some good reason the annuity lapsed
or was not due. I think this appropriation
ought not to be made until we have further
light on the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am sure there is nothing
wrong about this appropriation. It seems to
have been a mistake of a clerk, who omitted to
make an estimate for this amount of money,
this one thousand dollar item with the other
items of appropriation for these Indians. The
Indians of course did not observe it at first;
and the officials in the country, not having the
money to pay them, made no particular remark
about it. There were thirty or forty thousand
dollars due these Indians each year under
treaty stipulations, and this omission was not
observed at first. The Indians, however, soon
observed it, and from time to time spoke of it;
and they claim, with evident justice and right,
that it is due to them under the treaty and
should be paid. The Department are now
aware that they have omitted or neglected to
make the estimate for this particular sum for
all these years, and acknowledging it they call
upon Congress now to make the appropriation.
Why should we hesitate about it? There is no
claim that the appropriation lapsed or that the
necessity for it has been swept away by a sub-
sequent treaty. It is enough for the Indians
to show that they are entitled to this money
under treaty stipulations, and that they have
not received it. These facts being established,
why not appropriate it? I do not see what
more the Senator wants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs
to come in in line fourteen hundred and sev-
enty-two, on page 61:
For this amount to carry out the action contem-
plated by the act of Congress approved May 5,1864,
entitled "An act to vacate and sell the present In-
dian reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle
the Indians of said Territory in the Uintah valley,"
to be expended in removing and settling the Indians
in said valley, for thefiscal year ending June 30,1868,
$15,000.
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation for incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Utah for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, $12,000.
I have in my hand a statement of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Utah, which I
have carefully read. It is some five or six
pages in length. If the Senate desire to hear
all the facts, perhaps it would be as well to
have the letter read. If not, if they are will-
ing to take my statement in regard to it, I can
simply say that I have carefully examined it,
and it is a statement by a very intelligent gen-
tleman evidently, a man who seems devoted
to the service, and the charges made seem
to me to be very reasonable indeed, much
more so than we generally find in cases of
this sort; and the statements themselves are
reasonable, and in my judgment ought to be
heeded. It is a very small appropriation.
Evidently the deficit provided for in the amend-
ment ought to be allowed, for there can be no
question that the expenditures were made and
properly made. In reference to the additional
amount, I think the statements are equally
clear. If the Senate desire to hear the paper
it can be read ; it is about as concise a state-
ment of facts as I could give.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am now about to
present an amendment that will provoke dis-
cussion ; but it is one that ought to be con-
sidered, and properly considered, by the Sen-
ate. I present it in the shape in which it has
been submitted by the Department, without
saying that either myself or the committee are
in favor of the appropriation of the amount
proposed. It is in regard to the Navajo In-
dians that have been held as prisoners of war
by the military authorities in New Mexico oil
the Bosque Redondo reservation. I present it
in the shape in which it has been submitted to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, because we
had not time this morning to make the calcu-
lations that perhaps would be necessary in
reference to it, and we wish the Senate to take
it under advisement. Something must be
done. These Nevajo Indians, from six to
eight thousand of them, now estimated at
about eight thousand, are held as prisoners
of war and are being fed by the military
authorities at an expense of from one to two
million dollars a year. They propose to turn
these Indians over to the Interior Depart-
ment, ancf it is for the Senate to determine
whether it shall be done. I confess myself, as
I am a new member upon this committee, un-
able to enlighten the Senate much upon this
subject; but Senators will remember that these
Navajo Indians were captured and have been
held there for some two or three years at an
immense expense. The cost of the War De-
partment in connection with Indians in 1605
was over twenty million dollars, and in 18ti4,
$9,000,000; and this item has of course been
a part of that expense.
The proposition to turn these Indians over
to the civil authorities is, as I think, a good one.
They certainly can be fed much cheaper in that
way than they are now fed : and the propoii-
