1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
convention pursuant to the enabling act j and
after that, after such rejection, the chairman
of the committees of the political parties of
the Territory called another convention, and
upon that most irregular proceeding a consti-
tution was presented and was voted upon by
the people, I believe not according to law. I
do not recollect certainly upon that subject;
but I believe that even the vote upon the con-
stitution was not at any regalar election or
pursuant to any law of the Territory whatever,
upon that vote less than six thousand persons
voted, and it was claimed that a majority of
one hundred and fifty was cast in favor of the
constitution. Now, upon that showing it is
' «fciimed that the State ought to be admitted.
I cannot bring my judgment to agree to that.
Nor has it ever been claimed that in the Terri-
tory of Colorado there is nearly so large a
population as in Nebraska. • I think the evi-
dence before the Senate shows the fact that
in Colorado there is less than 30,000 people.
I judge, sir, by the census of 1860 the cen-
sus taken in 1860, the vote taken in 1861, and
the vote at the subsequent elections. When
by the census of 1860 she had a population
of 25,000 the vote was 10,000. When the
people of the Territory came to vote upon
this constitution it was less I believe than
6.000; I may not be exactly correct; less per-
haps than 7,000; much less, at any rate, than
at the election of 1861, showing, so far as we
may judge by the popular vote, a less popula-
tion at the time this constitution was voted
upon than when the census was taken, which
showed the entire population of the Territory
to be but 25,000.
Now, sir, as a representative from the State
of Indiana, a State with a population very
nearly if not quite a million and a half, I can-
not vote to give thirty thousand people in the
Territory of Colorado the voice in the Senate
which is given under the Constitution to the
million and a half of people that I in part rep-
resent.
It is not right, Mr. President. There is no
evidence before the Senate that shows the
population to be larger than I have suggested;
and I understood this morning, though I will
not say that it is certainly so, that in a recent
message delivered to the Legislature by the
Governor of the Territory he makes the popu-
lation to be twenty-nine thousand. I have not
seen that message or communication, but I
understood that such an opinion has been ex-
pressed by the Governor of the Territory, that
the population is about twenty-nine thousand;
not, in his judgment, to exceed that. If I am
misinformed upon this subject I should like to
be corrected; but taking the evidence that we
have before us the population cannot exceed
thirty or thirty-five thousand at the very ex-
treme. I believe thirty-five thousand was
claimed at the last session by the advocates of
this bill.
Then, Mr. President, it is proposed now to
bring into the Union as a State a section of
country with a population of thirty or thirty-
five thousand. I submit to Senators whether
this is according to the spirit of our institutions,
or whether, as between the States, it is just and
right.
But, sir, if the population were ever so suffi-
cient I could not vote for the bill with the
amendment which has just been adopted—
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont. That amendment is simply on the
part of Congress a proposition to change the
constitution of the proposed State, to incorpo-
rate a provision not found there when it came
from the hands of the people.
So far as I know this is the first time that
the Congress of the United States has under-
taken to change the constitution adopted by
the people upon a bill proposing to admit a
State. The Senator from Vermont claims that
this provision of the bill will pass into the Stale
constitution, or rather will control it and be
permanent in its character, for ho uses the
word "perpetual," I believe, in the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I think there is a precedent here of very
nearly the same character in the admission of
the State of California. The third section of
that act is—■
"That the said State of California is admitted into
theUnion upon the express eoaditionthat the people
of said State, through their Legislature orotherwise,
sbaH never interfere with the primary disposal of the
public lands within its limits, and shall pass no law
and do bo act whereby the title of the United States
to and right to dispose of the same shall be impaired
or questioned; and that they shall never lay any tax
or assessment of any description whatsoever upon
t&e public domain of the United States; and in no
ease shall non-resident proprietors who are citizens
of the United States be taxed higher than residents."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that the answer
made by the Senator from Michigan 
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to call atten-
tion to the point. The question of State tax-
ation is admitted by all to be especially within
the jurisdiction of a State; but here Congress
provided that non-resident proprietors should
not be taxed higher than resident proprietors
in a State. The subject of taxation is cer-
tainly within State jurisdiction, and yet here
Congress imposes a condition that a State shall
not do a thing clearly within State jurisdiction.
It seems to me it is an analogous power to the
one proposed to be exercised in this case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I thought
the answer to the logical force and legal force
of those precedents had been so fully given by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that
I was justified in saying that Congress had
never before undertaken to do what is now
proposed, to change the constitution, which it
is claimed the people have agreed to. The
provision to which the Senator from Nevada
has referred I believe is found in most of the
laws admitting the States, or if not in the laws
admitting the States, in the enabling acts; and
I should think there would be no occasion to
provide in the admission of any State as is pro-
vided in the section read by the Senator from
Nevada. The Constitution of the United States
gives to Congress in express terms the disposal
of the public lands, the right to control the
public lands; to regulate the public lands in
every respect. But at one time, as was said by
the Senator from Michigan, it was claimed that
after a State had been admitted and had be-
come a sovereign in the Union, it then might
have a control over the lands within her limits.
That doctrine, however, has long since been
abandoned. For thirty years I believe it has
not been claimed by any Senator or Represent-
ative. Congress has the exclusive and entire
control of the public lands, their disposal as
the owner of the public lands, and may make
all laws necessary to protect its own interests
as owner of the lands therein. It may not only
provide for the sale of the lands, but it may
provide for the protection of the lands while it
owns them; and in order to secure a sale of
the lands upon advantageous terms, it may
protect its purchasers. It is upon that ground
that Congress has claimed the right to secure
the persons to whom it may sell the lands ex-
emption from unequal taxation.
It was the interest of Congress to dispose
of the lands in California. In order to secure
the disposal of those lands upon advantageous
terms, Congress provided that the persons who
purchased the lands, whether they lived in Cal-
ifornia or elsewhere, should not be exposed to
unequal and unjust taxation. It is under the
power to control the public lands and to dis-
pose otthem that Congress undertakes to pro-
tect the purchaser when he may not be a resi-
dent of the State, and it is not claimed for
Congress under any power to control the con-
stitution of a State simply because her people
ask for admission into the Union.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask, is the
question of suffrage any more within exclusive
State jurisdiction than the question of State
taxation?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that all you wish
to ask?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In my judgment they
both belong to the State so far as her own
revenue is concerned; but the question of the
Senator simply calls upon me to repeat what I
have said. Congress controls the disposal of
the public lands. In order to secure that dis-
posal it may do whatever is necessary to pro-
tect its interests; and to protect its interests
as the owner of the lands, with a view to their
disposal, upon advantageous terms, it provides
that non-residents of the State who may buy
them shall not be exposed to unequal taxation.
Mr. STEWART. But how does the interest
of Congress in that question give it the right to
interfere with the State power of taxation? May
we not say upon the same principle that it is
the interest of Congress, in order to guarantee
republican government and enforce republican
principles, to see that all men shall have a voice
in the Government ? But how does the fact of
either provision, being for the interest of this
Government, affect the power of Congress to
interfere with the action of the State? If the
question of taxation is exclusively within State
jurisdiction, it does not make any-difference for
what reason Congress exercises the power to
impose a condition on the exereise of that juris-
diction of the State. It is a question of power
and not of the reason for using the power. If
the question of taxation is entirely with the
State, and it is partially taken away by the act
of admission, Congress exercises a power which
the State would otherwise have under our sys-
tem. That matter is no more a question of
State jurisdiction than the matter of suffrage is
claimed to be entirely within State jurisdiction.
In either case, admitting that the power is with
the State, Congress imposes upon the State a
condition that she shall not exercise that power
in a certain way. I cannot see that the cases
are not entirely analogous.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, 'it is
disagreeable for me at any time to repeat an
argument which has been made more ably than
I can make it myself; and as I thought the
argument upon this very question, made by the
Senator from Michigan the other day, was ex-
haustive in its character, I very reluctantly
answered the question of the Senator from
Nevada.
Without reference to precedents, none of
which I think do bear upon the question now
before the Senate, I cannot vote for a bill
which proposes to change a constitution which
it is claimed has been adopted by the people
of a new State. What is the force of this
amendment? If the State be admitted, she is
a State, having the control, after her admis-
sion. of her own constitution. Can she amend
that constitution? It has always been con-
ceded that the States, by proper proceedings,
had the power to amend their constitutions;
but if Congress has the power to impose a per-
petual condition upon the State iu regard to
any one matter, then in regard to that matter
the power of amendment is taken away from
the State and from the people.
Mr. President, I have said all that I feel it
my duty to say upon this question, and shall be
satisfied now to give my vote. I think the
people of Colorado have not sufficient popula-
tion to justify a representation in the Senate
and a representation in the other House. I
think that the adoption of this constitution
was so irregular as to give it no moral force
before this body. It was not pursuant to the
enabling act; it was not in accordance with
the requirements of the enabling act; but it
was a party political movement in the Terri-
tory, not regulated by law and the polls not
guarded by the provisions of law. In every
respect I consider the bill objectionable.
Mr. WILLISY. I desire, sir, to explain the
vote which I propose to cast on this bill. I
voted against the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont, but I shall vote for the
bill uow that the amendment has been made
a part of the bill, 1 am anxious that Colorado
shall be admitted as a State into the Union.
I do not think that the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont and which has been
attached to the bill amounts to anything. As
