1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
him, boarding most of the time at the same
house. 1 know him well; and from ray knowl-
edge of his character, 1 entertained for him
the highest respect, and had tBe utmost con-
fidence in him as a high-minded, honorable
gentleman, as a conscientious, honest, and
just man, and as a sincere and devoted Chris-
tian. I remember no event in the past year
that oppressed me so sadly and painfully as
the nfews of his death.
He was born in Kentucky, on the 10th day
of July. 1796, and was a little past seventy
years of age at the time of his death. Mr.
Grider was in the war of 1812, and though
then quite a youth, he served as a private sol-
dier in what was known as Shelby's campaign.
He afterward studied law, and when not en-
gaged in the public service of his country
devoted himself industriously and successfully
to the practice of his profession. He was
elected in 1827, and served as a member of the
House of Representatives in the Kentucky
Legislature. He was again elected to the same
position in 1831. He was afterward elected
in 1833, and served four years in the Senate
of Kentucky. Mr. Guider was cleeted a mem-
ber of Congress first in 1843. He was reelected
in 1845, and after serving two consecutive terms
in Congress he retired for a few years to private
life. But in 18G1 the people who knew him
so well, with whom he had so long lived, and
whom he had so faithfully served, called him
from his retirement, and elected him a member
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress. He was re-
elected to the Thirty-Eighth Congress; and
again elected a member of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Mr. Giuder was thus, while living in the same
community and among the same people, twice
elected to the House of Representatives of the
State Legislature, once elected to the State
Senate, and five times elected to Congress—
ample proof that he enjoyed to a high degree
the respect and confidence of the people who
knew him best. And never did Representa-
tive more richly deserve the respect and con-
fidence of constituents. He never misled or
deceived them; no promise or pledge made by
him to bis constituents was ever violated ; he
always served them honestly and faithfully.
His acts as a Representative were governed by
one uniform rule—an earnest and conscientious
conviction that he was doing right. His whole
history as a public man was marked by a high
order of patriotism, always zealously laboring
and striving to advance what he believed to bo
the highest and best interest of his constituents
and of the whole country. In all the relations
of life, whether public or private, his integrity
was above suspicion, and he passed through a
long, active, and useful life without leaving a
solitary stain or shade upon the purity of his
character.
Mr. G rider was a man of noble generosity
and large benevolence; the voice of necessity
never appealed to him in vain. Benevolence
was a marked and prominent trait in his char-
acter ; to him it was a luxury to minister to
the wants of others ; he felt that it was "more
blessed to give than to receive," and his gen-
erous heart always responded to every charita-
ble appeal.
Mr. Grider made a public profession of
religion in early life ; he soon afterward became
an active and zealous member of the Methodist
church, and continued through life one of its
brightest ornaments. His walk was moraland
upright, his life was rich in deeds of charity,
and abounded in good works; yet he trusted
in none of these things. He felt and knew
that all his best performances were mixed with
sin and imperfection ; and turning away from
all his own works he fixed his hope and rested
with strong faith and confidence on the atoning
merits ana perfect righteousness of Him who
came "to seek and to save the lost." And
when this venerable man drew near to the close
of his long, eventful life, that religion which
had cheered him in health and borne him up
in every dark hour of sorrow and affliction was
doubtless more precious to him than ever be-
fore. In his last days he often spoke of death,
always calmly and hopefully, and sometimes
joyfully; and thus it was, on the 7th day of
September, 1806, at his own home, in the
bosom of his tender and affectionate family,
surrounded by kind neighbors and friends, and
sustained by the Christian's faith and hope,
that he calmly aWi quietly breathed his last.
His course is finished, his warfare is ended,
and he is gone—but gone, there is good reason
to hope, to that land where the weary find rest,
and where the frail child of mortality forgets
to weep and lives forever.
Mr. MAYNARD. Sir. Speaker, I venture
to seek the floor in order to add a few words
attestating my appreciation of the deceased.
My acquaintance with him was comparatively
recent. I met him for the first time at the first
regular session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. The circumstances that brought us
together were such that our intercourse soon
became intimate. It was in the early part of
the war. His district was within the theater
of active hostilities. Many of my own constitu-
ents had taken refuge in Kentucky, and were
engaged in the service of the country on thai
field. He had a soldier son. under whose com-
mand were many men of Tennessee as well as
of his own State. I also had a son who served
in the same field with him. The incidents
which interested him also interested me. The
subjects brought before Congress^ for action
were interesting alike to us both, lor our con-
stituents were affected very much alike by the
measures here adopted. 1 learned to appreci-
ate his native good sense, his mental endow-
ments, and his judgment of public questions.
He seemed to me to belong to a class of men
from which the people of that district so long
as I have known them have selected their Rep-
resentatives in this House—a class of men es-
pecially distinguished for their general excel-
lence of character—sober, discreet, consider-
ate, decided.
As a member of this body he seldom spoke,
rarely obtruding himself upon the attention of
the House. J saw him, however, upon more
occasions I think than one, one certainly,
when he exhibiled powers of oratory Avhich
satisfied me that in bis younger and more en-
thusiastic days he had not neglected that mag-
nificent art in which Kentucky, if not excel-
ling all other States, certainly has not been
inferior lo any. I have not forgotten, 1 sup-
pose none of us have forgotten, the few words
pronounced by him at the last session on the
death of Senator Collamer, and the touching
allusion he made to the fact that years before
in their service in this House they had attended
the worship of God together in the congres-
sional prayer meetings ; words that to a Chris-
tian heart give full assurance of all that has
just been so well c-aid by his colleague of his
piety and religious faith.
Unostentatious in his manners, unobtrusive,
patient, benignant, kind, gentle, he has left a
record during his service here showing that in
times which tried so many of our citizens he
never swerved in bis patriotism or in his devo-
tion to his country. However we might differ in
regard to particular public measures, however
much we might regret the consequences of some
particular policy which others of us deemed
wise as well as necessary andjust, no man would
question for a single moment ho felt an abiding
interest in the prosperity and perpetuity of this
Government. Though in the afternoon of life,
he was not stricken in years. Few could have
anticipated his demise. When we parted last
summer none of us, I am sure, deemed him so
near the edge of the silent river, nor thought
that so soon he would join the beckoning hosts
who had already crossed and awaited his com-
ing upon tbe other shore. In such an hour as
we think not the summons comes. This much
I desired to sav. More I would be glad to have
said, but more I do not feel at liberty to say
on the present occasion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I was
unaware until a moment ago these resolutions
wore to be brought before the House, bat I
cannot forbear offering a passing tribute to the
memory of one of the purest and best men it
was ever my good fortune to know. His uni-
forfn courtesy, his gentlemanly deportment, his
genial manner, and his warm expressions of
sympathy for all persons and classes in want
and trouble come back upon my memory with
vivid distinctness and impel me to add a few
words to what has been so well said by others
on this occasion. I do this, sir, not in any
studied or formal manner, but simply and alone
from the sense of duty which I feel to speak
kindly and sadly of the clear intellect, the warm
heart, and the open hand now cold and forever
closed in tbe embrace of death. Let us all
who knew him in life imitate his purity and his
goodness, so that like him we may at any mo-
ment be prepared for the great change which
must so soon come to us all with the assurance
that we shall enter into a better life.
When I commenced my service in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress I was upon a committee with
him, and there I came to know him well; I
might say intimately. I conversed with him
freely on all the great subjects that were then
agitated and dividing the country. No man
ever felt more keenly than ho the distraction
and trouble that were upon the country or
labored with a purer purpose to avert them. _
In the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and again in
this, it was my privilege t.o be associated with
him on a committee, and there our intimacy
and friendship were continued and confirmed.
And during all that time I never heard him
utter an unkind word of any man. He was a
man of the utmost purity of character. He
was a Christian gentleman and an honest man.
Although I differed with him politically still I
desire io say, and I say it with the full con-
sciousness of what I utter, that no man ever
occupied a seat in this House who had a more
true or loyal heart than 11 uxry Grider. His
whole soul, nil his sympathies were enlisted
for tbe good of his country. His prayer, I
have no doubt, night and morning, was for the
deliverance of his country from the trouble
that weighed down upon her, and that the
Union which he loved so well might be pre-
served.
Coming as I do from a State far distant from
the one which he so well in part represented, it
is with great pleasure that 1 recall the acquaint-
ance I' formed with him thus early and the
continued friendship that so strongly knit us
together. I think lie was the first gentleman
from the State of Kentucky whose acquaint-
ance I had then formed, and entertaining some
of the prejudices which have so unfortunately
divided the people of sections remote from
each other I was most happy to have them
dissipated by the genial kindness and the gen-
tle, Christian character of our deceased asso-
ciate. I never knew him or met him save in
these Halls and in this city, but froni what 1
learned of his character here I know fall well
that what has been said of him by his colleagues
to-day in the walks of private life and in the
retirement of homo must all be true. He could
not be otherwise than a kind husband, father,
and friend. I can give them my sympathy in
the ir great bereavement even without personal
acquaintance. In the examination of all ques-
tions pending in committee or before the
House he calmly and dispassionately con-
sidered and weighed all the facts and argu-
ments pertinent to the issue, and analyzed
them with i-emarkable clearness and precision.
In argument he was always considerate and
courteous, but firm and decided. He always
stated his opinions and conclusions with clear-
ness, elegance, and force, and always submit-
ted to defeat with gentlemanly resignation and
dignity.
It is a sad duty and privilege here to-day to
add these few words, inadequate as they are,
as my last tribute to the memory of a deceased
I friend.
