1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
quence of hia objection to this scheme of Mili-
tary management. He was, without notice,
turned out of office, and with hia reports before
us we agreed to the nomination of a successor
who would conform to this new, expensive, and
outrageous scheme which was established. My !
voice was against it at the time; but I was !
overruled. The Delegate from the Territory !
went up in the ordinary way to the seat of I
political power, the executive department,
and had this stubborn and faithful officer |
turned out of his place in order that the Treas- 1
ury might be plundered; and it is a shame
to the Senate and to Congress that, with the
whole truth before them, he was so removed,
and this abuse established in the administration
of the Government.
Now, sir, it is proposed that the administra-
tion of this system of charity—for it is such—
shall be taken out of the hands of the War
Department, of the military authorities, and
confided to the Interior Department, to the
Bureau of Indian Affairs; and we are told that
by this change our expense in supporting the
Indian children and Indian women and the i
Indian men in the Territory of New Mexico is \
to drop down from twenty dollars per month I
to nine dollars and a third. It is true that this i
would be a very considerable reKef to the Treas-
ury; but upon an examination of the facts it
will be seen nothing can be more certain than
that if you continue these Indians where they
are now located you must continue to feed them
and to support them ; a>nd the simple question
proposed to us by the pending amendment is
whether we shall charge them upon the Treas-
ury in the future at the rate of nine and one
third dollars per month, if indeed that be found
sufficient for the purpose. It has heretofore
required twenty dollars per month, and possi-
bly if we appropriate the nine and one third
dollars per month now we shall be called upon
for the rest of the amount Required in some
future deficiency bill. Here is a drain of
$1,500,000 per annum on the Treasury at pres-
ent for six thousand wretched fugitive Indians;
and the utmost of remedy that is proposed to
us is that we shall by the present appropria-
tion reduce the amount to a little less than one
half of what it is at present, with the imminent
peril impending over us that in some future
deficiency bill we shall have to make a further
appropriation.
Now, sir, what is the character of the coun-
try where these Indians are located? It is not
adapted to their habits ; it is not adapted to
their nature. It is a country requiring great
care in the cultivation of the earth in order to
produce supplies. It is a place where irriga-
tion is necessary, where public works are
necessary, where industry is necesssary, in
order that human beings shall subsist at all.
I confess that I am not at all charmed with
this idea of reducing-the amount which we are
to contribute in this way hereafter. I would
like to cut up this policy entirely. If nothing
better can be done, let us go back to the sys-
tem proposed by our Indian agent at the time
this removal of the Indians took place. He
proposed that they should be permitted to re-
main in the section of country to which they
were accustomed, where they had the means
of support, and by a moderate contribution for
military purposes and the establishment of a
few posts, costing but a small sum of money,
protection would be afforded to the settlements
of the whites from their depredations. That
was the worst that could be expected from
adopting the system which he proposed, a con-
tribution, moderate in amount, for the purpose
of protecting the border in the usual way.
1 am willingtovote a moderate sum of money
for the purpose of sending these Indians back
and permitting them to locate themselves where
they desire to be, and extending snch protec-
tion to the border as is necessary. More than
this I am unwilling to give. But, as a matter
of course, when you withdraw the troops that
now guard these prisoners of war, as they are
amusingly enough called, when you withdraw
your military control from them, they will com-
mence going back to their own country. They
are men of the mountains; they have been
accustomed to mountain life; they have at-
tachments to their own section, and when,
under this appropriation, you withdraw mili-
tary control from them and turn them over to
the cifril authorities, the result will be that
many of them will flee from this reservation and
go back to the country which they inhabited
before. I will not vote one dollar of money to
continue this location of Indians upon the Pecos
river. If some proposition comes up in some
other form that will look like reform I will
vote for it; but I have been a protestant for
three years against this abuse, and will not '!
agree to its continuance in any form whatever, h
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate ||
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
desire to move an amendment to this amend-
ment. Idesireto substitute foritthe following:
For the relief of the Navajo Indians now at ornear
Fort .Sumner, to bo expended under the direction of i
the Secretary of tho Interior. $100,000: Provided,
That no rationsor supplies shall be furnished tosucli
Indians by the "War Department after the 1st day
of July next.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I stated before, the
Committee on Indian Affairs made no recom-
mendation really on this subject. It is a per-
plexing question, and one that will certainly
cost the Government a great deal of money. We
reported the matter for the Senate to take such
action as they might see fit. So far as the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is con- !
cerned, I will state that I am personally in favor
of it. I think if this idea of holding them as
prisoners of war be abandoned ana they be 1
permitted to go and work, even upon the reser- 1
vation that they are now on, they can make a I
crop during the coming year, and that in addi- !
tion to the sum appropriated will be amply suffi-
cient to protect them from starvation. I under-
stand they are an ingenious people, and they
manufacture blankets and other articles, and
they have done some work toward construct-
ing a farm upon their reservation, have built an
aqueduct for irrigation, and that in all proba-
bility they will be able to make a pretty good
crop this year. Their crop last year, it is true,
failed to some extent, and some appropriation
ought to be made for their benefit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insistupon mymotion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let this amendment
be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed it would lead
to debate.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I think it is better not
to make any amendment unless we adopt that
of the committee. As the War Department
have these Indians on their hands let them
dispose of them. Let it be remembered by
my friend from Ohio, who was so very anxious
to turn Indian affairs over to the War Depart-
ment against the earnest remonstrance of the
Interior Department, against the earnest re-
monstrance of the Commissioner and the su-
perintendents of Indian affairs, that it was the
War Department which took these Indians
from their homes and put them on this reser-
vation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insist upon my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This dis-
cussion is not in order. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Oregon, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the doors are
closed, I desire to take the sense of the Senate
as to whether we are to have an evening session
or not. This bill ought to be finished to-night,
and I move that at half past four o'clock'this
afternoon the Senate take a recess till half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after some time
spent therein the doors were reopened.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from tha House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled billsand they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. It. No. 682) for the relief of Cap
tain John J. Young, of the United States Navy:
A bill (II. II. No. 820) forthe relief of Henry
S. Davis ; an J
A bill (II. it. No. 467) to amend the act
entitled "An act further to provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors,
and for other purposes," approved July 25,
1866.
The hour of four o'clock and thirty minutes
having arrived, the Senate took a recess till
seven and a half o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PoMERor
in the chair) laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting. in answer to the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 11th instant, calling for correspond-
ence relating to the manner in which the consul
at Cadiz has transacted the business of hia office,
a report from the Secretary of State with ac-
companying documents; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 31st ultimo, calling for corre-
spondence between the Department of State
and any of the foreign ministers of the United
States in reference to the policy of the Presi-
dent of the United States toward the States
lately in rebellion, a report from the Secretary
of State with accompanying documents ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 19th instant, calling for corre-
spondence in reference to the salary of the
United States minister at Portugal, a report
from the Secretary of State, with accompany-
ing documents; which was ordered to lie ou
the table, and be printed.
Mr. POLAND. Ou Tuesday evening, which
was set apart for the purpose of considering
some bills from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, I had up a little bill to which
no Senator or anybody else could have any
objection if he could take time to see what it
was, and was just about having a vote on its
passage when it was very unceremoniously run
down by the last scheme of reconstruction. I
hope to be allowed to take it up and have a
vote upon it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What bill is it?
WILLIAM MANN AND JACOB SENNEFF.
Mr. POLAND. The bill for the relief of
William Mann and Jacob Senneff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume the busi-
ness before the Senate is only to be informally
passed over?
Mr. POLAND. That is all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot consent unless
that is the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
understood that the regular business is laid
aside informally, and that this bill is taken up
by unanimous conscnt.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
| sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 590) for the
j relief of William Mann and Jacob Senneff.
; Mr. POLAND.. I desire to occupy but a
' moment in explaining this bill, that no one
