1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
may Lave any objection to it. It is not a bill
to extend a patent. It is a bill to authorize
these patentees to apply to the Commissioner.
The law-gives every patentee a right to apply
for an extension for seven years; but he is
required to apply within ninety days before the
expiration of his patent. In this case Mr.
Mann was in Europe, and arrived home three
days too late to get his hearing within the time
of his patent. He made application immedi-
ately to Congress, and this bill passed the
House nearly sixty days before the expiration
of the patent. The bill passed the House on
the lGth of May, and the patent did not expire
until the 11th of July following. The bill came
to the Senate, and was reported in the Senate
by the committee nearly a month before the
expiration of the patent, but was not reached
during the last session. It is merely to give
him the right which the law gave him to apply
to the Commissioner of Patents, and, if he
could make out his case before him, to have
his seven years extension.
The bill was reported to the §enate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
james tetloiv.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a House bill
for the relief of James Tetlow, which is now
upon the table.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President——■
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator that this is a constituent of his who has a
bill in my charge from the Committee on Naval
Affairs that I want to dispose of.
Mr. WILSON. I simply desired to make a
report from a committee of conference; but I
will not interrupt the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will take but a few
minutes to consider this bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in the
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of James
Tetlow. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to pay James Tetlow, contractor with the
Navy Department for building the four steam
tug-boats called Fortune, Speedwell, Standish,
and Mayflower, respectively, the sum of
$86,400 from any money heretofore appro-
priated for constructing vessels or machinery
therefor, and not otherwise already expended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ate that this sum is the sum that covers the
mistake in the contract. It is not for losses in
the sense of the other cases that have been
before the Senate, but a mistake in the con-
tract. All the rest were contracted for at
$128,000. The engineer or agent of Mr. Tet-
low made a mistake and contracted at eighty-
four thousand and some hundred dollars. The
mistake is recognized by the Department and
the relief is recommended by the Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
relief of drafted men.
Mr. WILSON. I submit a report from the
committee of conference on the bill now on the
table from the House for the relief of certain
drafted men. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to bill of the House No. 811, for the relief of
certain drafted men, having met, after full and free
conference do recommend that the Senate recede
from its amendments to the said bill.
J. W. NESMITH,
EDGAR COWAN,
Managera on the part of the Senate.
SYDENHAM E. ANCONA,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JOHN H. KETCHAM,
Managers on the part of the Hoiue.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I have
not signed the report myself, but all the other
members of the committee were against me,
aifd I make the report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wlmt. was the bill for?
Mr. WILSON. For the relief of some drafted
men in the sixteenth congressional district of
Pennsylvania. The men were drafted a second
time within the year when the law released them
for a year.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Who was on the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Cowan and Mr. Nes-
j mith signed the report. I did not myself agree
to it.
The report was concurred in.
land offices in the territories.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 746) for the organization of land districts
in the Territories of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, i
and Montana. This is a bill that will lead to
no discussion. A similar bill was passed last 1
year, but was defeated in consequence of other 1
matters being contained in the bill. Those
matters are all left out now, and it only estab-
lishes land oflices. The Committee on Public
Lands were unanimous on the subject.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com- .
mittee on Public Lands report an amendment, I
to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert a substitute. The )
substitute only will be read, unless some Sen- j
ator calls for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint a surveyor general for Mon-
tana, whose annual salary shall be $3,000 and whose
power, authority, and duties shall be the same as
those provided by law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. He shall have proper allowances for clerk
hire, office rent, and fuel, not exceeding what is now
allowed by law to the surveyor general of Oregon.
Skc. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the public
lands within the Territories of Montana and Arizona
to which the Indian title is or shall bo extinguished
shall each respectively constitute anew land district
to be called the Montana district and tho Arizona
district respectively, and the President is hereby au-
thorized to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of tho Senate, a register and receiver of public
moneys for each of said districts respectively, who
shall be required to reside at the places at which
said oflices shall be located, and they shall have the
same powers, perform the same duties, and be enti-
tled to the same compensation as are or may bo pro-
scribed by law in relation to land offices of the United
States in other Territories.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of tho Interior is hereby authorized to locate
said offices of surveyor general and registers and re-
ceivers of public moneys.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho Terri-
tory of Arizona is hereby attached to the surveying
district of California.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment in section two, line two, by insert-
ing after the word "Arizona" the words "and
Utah," and also inserting in line five, after
the words "Arizona district," the words "and
the Utah district." The effect of my propo-
sition is to give to that Territory a land district
as well as other Territories.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. If the Senator desires
to give Arizona a land district and a surveyor
general I do not wish it extended to Utah
until the question is very fully considered.
Mr. STEWART. We do not propose to
give Arizona a surveyor general. We attach
it to California for surveying purposes. We
give a surveyor general to Montana and land
districts to Montana and Arizona.
Mr. CONNESS. What is it proposed to
give Utah?
Mr. HENDRICKS. These land districts.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done at the present time. I think there are
abundant reasons why it should be postponed.
There are peculiar considerations hinging upon
that question.
Mr. STEWART- This proposition will
involve discussion, and I hope it will be with-
drawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I must insist upon it.
I did not agree to the proposition as it was re-
ported in committee. My judgment was over-
ruled, and I think it my duty to present this
question here. I think one of the most desir-
able things is to invite immigration to Utah,
and to do so we must provide some way by
which settlers can obtain title to the lands. As it
is now, a man going into that Territory outside
the Morman settlements cannot get title, and
under the present policy there never will be
a population in Utah such as will exercise the
influences we desire.
Mr. CONNESS._ I agree fully with the
honorable Senator in the opinions he has ex
pressed. There is nothing more certain than
the advantage of extending to new communi-
ties the opportunity of obtaining titles to lands,
nor in settling difficulties to lands in older com-
munities ; but, as I observed, there are ques-
tions peculiar to that Territory which in my
opinion demand that even that great benefit
should not be extended at this time. I should
be willing for one to do it at an early day, but
it is a question that ought to be considered iii
connection with other questions. If the Sen-
ator would withdraw his amendment, there
would be no objection to a part of it, of course.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I will suggest to the
Senator from Nevada that if this amendment
is to be pressed it would be better to lay this
bill aside. If the amendment should be mado
and the bill passed by the Senate in its present
condition it would involve a reconsideration
on Monday, I think.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana, inasmuch as this bill is impor-
tant to pass, to extend the facilities of land
districts to Montana particularly: and inas-
much as it has been recommended for two or
three years by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office that it is quite important to
extend this to them, and inasmuch as his
proposition will probably defeat it at this ses-
sion, to let this bill go through and take up his
proposition at the next session. If the amend-
ment is pressed it will probably defeat the
whole measure during this session, and that
would be a hardship to the other Territories.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am a friend to the
bill; but I think we ought to do justice and
right. I do not believe in legislating upon
prejudices. I am not afraid of them myself,
and I have a contempt for them. I believe it
is the true policy of this Government to invite
immigration to Utah. As the law now stands,
no Gentile, as he is called, can make a home
in that Territory. Sir, under the present policy
we devote that Territory to Mormonism for-
ever. Brigham Young and his church protect
the Mormons in their occupation of the lands;
they are thoroughly protected; they have no
difficulties in obtaining such a title as they are
satisfied with.
Mr. CONNESS. Not a title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not a title, but such as
satisfies them, I say, to secure them in posses-
sion. But if a Gentile goes into the Territory
he does not have the assurance that Brigham
Young's power gives to the Mormon ; he has
no support; he has not the right conferred
upon mm by the Government; and he has
nothing to sustain him in any claim that he
may make to a piece of land in the whole Ter-
ritory of Utah. I regard this of more import-
ance than all the rest of the bill. This Mor-
mon question is a troublesome one to us. I
suppose there is no Senator who does not
desire to see in that Territory a vote sufficient
to fashion the institutions according to our
judgment of what is right; and to get that vote
you must give men an opportunity to get homes
there. To say that men shall go there and at
the same time refuse them the possibility of
getting a home to which they will have a title
is simply absurd. My motion is based upon a
consideration of this question with a good deal
of anxiety. If there is that sort of hostility to
it, however, as that it would be likely to defeat
the bill I am not prepared for that. I have dona
my duty.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; not yet. I
will hear the Senator from Ohio.
