1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not refer to any-
thing said by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator says he did
not refer to the remarks I made. Well, sir,
let me state my view of the proposition under
debate. Wc have the undoubted constitutional
power to admit the State of Colorado with or
without conditions. We have the right to im-
pose such conditions on the State of Colorado
as we see proper. It is clearly within our con-
stitutional power to do so. In this case it is
proposed to impose a condition, without re-
quiring Colorado to accept it, and it therefore
has no force or validity whatever. We may
impose conditions upon the admission of a
State, and if those conditions are assented to
they become a part of the compact between
the State and the United States. Every law
for the admission of a State into the Union
has contained conditions declared to be fun-
damental in their character. The act for the
admission of the first State that was admitted,
the State of Tennessee, contained such con-
ditions. When the State of Ohio was admitted
there were three or four fundamental condi-
tions, and the people of that State were re-
quired to assent to them before Ohio was
admitted into the Union. In this case a prop-
osition is made to declare a certain doctrine
a fundamental condition, but the State is not
asked to assent to it, and it therefore, in my
judgment, has no force or effect whatever.
Still, that Congress has power to make this
condition or to declare this condition I have
not a doubt. Congress may ingraft upon the
Colorado bill the Ten Commandments or the
Lord's Prayer, or a great many other good
things for which I should be willing to vote at
all times and in all places, but yet unless we
required the people of the State to assent to
those conditions they would be of no force
whatever. Therefore when a proposition is
made to declare any fundamental doctrinc, or
any fundamental principle, or any code of ethics
or law a condition, I do not feel restrained
from voting for it, because I do not believe it
will have any effect; and if other Senators who
are also in favor of the main proposition will
be inclined to vote for it if this be adopted as
a part of the bill, I am not disinclined to give
them that opportunity. I think there is no
inconsistency in the position that I have occu-
pied, nor in the position occupied by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia. He was opposed to
a certain amendment; he voted against it.
That is done constantly. Propositions and
amendments are offered against which Senar
tors vote, and yet they vote for the original
proposition even if amended. I see nothing
inconsistent in this and nothing to call for
unreasonable criticism.
A word now in regard to the population of
Colorado. The Governor of the Territory of
Colorado, who will be legislated out of office by
this bill, is very much opposed to the passage
of the bill. I saw him myself when I was in
Colorado recently. It seems he got up a cen-
sus upon his own authority of the number of
inhabitants there. It was a matter of common
remark that in some of the counties the census
was not taken at all, in many of the counties
it was imperfect, and no reliance and no atten-
tion was paid to it whatever. No one took the
pains to be enrolled on his census, and I think
that no sufficient steps were taken to secure a
full enumeration of the inhabitants of Colorado;
and yet I feel bound to state that from the best
information I could get in Colorado there were
not more than forty or fifty thousand people in
the Territory who were permanent citizens. I
do not think the highest estimate I heard placed
upon it by disinterested men was over fifty
thousand. Sti.ll they have all the elements of
a State. The town of Denver is a flourishing
little city, well built, well constructed. The Pa-
cific railroad is rapidly approaching Colorado,
and next summer will enter upon its northern
border. What is called the Ivansas branch of
the Pacific railroad is pushing out rapidly to-
ward Colorado and will soon reach it. The
capital invested in mining in Colorado amounts
to many million dollars and needs protection.
Indian wars are about to occur in that imme-
diate neighborhood There is no doubt that
we shall soon have collisions with the Chey-
ennes, as I believe they are called, and also
with the Sioux, and perhaps the Utes and other
tribes on the immediate border and in Colorado.
The military authorities will be moving there
in their military operations. It seems to me
that under these circumstances it is important
for the protection of the white people of Colo-
rado that some kind of a government other than
a territorial government shall be found there.
It is a well-known fact that there is great
hostility between the present territorial gov-
ernment and a large portion, and I think a
majority of the people of Colorado. Who is
at fault in this matter I cannot state; but it is
certain, in my judgment, although that is a
disputed point, that a majority of the people
of Colorado desire to get rid of that territorial
government. That territorial government is
now an expense to the nation. I believe a
majority of the people of Colorado desire to
substitute for it a State government. There is
no practical objection against the adoption of
a State government in Colorado except that it
gives them for a time at least undue represent-
ation in the Senate and House. Under the cir-
cumstances by which they are surrounded, with
a large amount of capital developing their min-
ing industry, with a rapidly growing population,
with Indian hostilities springing up all around
them, when they ask us for a State government
which will compel them to pay the expenses of
that State government, it seems to me not un-
reasonable that we should waive" the meager-
ness of their population, the undue political
power it will give them for the time being, and
admit them as a State. Within two yearsfrom
this time, perhaps within less, they will have
the requisite population to elect a member of
the House of Representatives under the exist-
ing law. They will then have the right, by
the precedents that we have already adopted,
to admission. We now waive for one or two
sessions of Congress the meagerness of their
population and the undue political power they
will have in this body and in the House. I do
not think that the case of Colorado is as strong
as the case of Nebraska. Nebraska, in my
judgment, is better prepared and better fitted
for a State government, and their people are
more united on the question of a State govern-
ment, than they are in Colorado; but still I
think, under the circumstances by which these
people are surrounded, it would be an act of
wisdom on the part of Congress to give them
the management of their own affairs by the
organization of a State government, and I shall
therefore vote for it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not pre-
sume now to go into the arguments which have
been made on the bill over and over again on
the other side of the Chamber as to the want
of population in this Territory and a great
many other things; but I have a letter here
frpm the executive clerk of the Governor of
Colorado, which reveals some facts that per-
haps throw some light on the opinions con-
tained in the Governor's message, which gentle-
men have handed around here. The Governor
feels, I believe, a little interest in keeping the
position "that he has got; but let us hear the
letter, which I have sent up, from his execu-
tive clerk, as regards the vote in Colorado.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The letter will be read,
no objection being interposed.
The Secretary read as follows:
Denveb, Colorado Territory,
November 10,1866.
Sir : I desire to inform you that my certificate af-
fixed to tho falso table of the different votes cast in
Colorado, which was laid before Congress at the last
session, was obtained from mo by fraud, as follows:
1 made a table of the votes from the retained copy
on file in the office of the secretary of tho Territory
forthe XewYork Tribune Almanac, by order of Gov-
ernor Cummings, and one of his household, writing
at the same table, made a duplicate, or professed to
do so. The copy made by me was compared with the
original and sent to tho room of the Governor.
After sorno hours, a paper represented to me as the
duplicate was returned to my table by the party who
had made it, with the request from Governor Cram-
mings that I would officially certify to it, and with
the remark that it had been compared and was cor-
rect. I complied with the r^uest, without accurate
examination and without suspicion of treachery, and
it was mailed, as I then believed, to the New York
Tribune Almanac.
The table of rotes thus certified to by me is the one
that was laid before the last session of Congress, and
is false and grossly unjust to this Territory.
I was not aware of the imposition practice'! upon
me until too late to correct the false impretsion it
created; but I avail myself of the first opportunity
to do so and to vindicate my own character, and I
confidently trust that you will lay this letter before
Congress as an act of justice to this Territory and to
myself.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, D. A. CHEEVER,
Late Executive Clerk Colorado Territory.
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, XJniiedStates Senate, chair-
man Committee on Territories, Wa&hingtoii, Ih C.
Mr. WADE. I have another letter from the
Secretary of the Territory which throws some
light upon the question of the population of
the Territory, which I should like to have read
in this connection.
The Secretary read as follows:
Executive Department,
Colorado Territoby,
Golden City, November 10,1866.
Beae Sie: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your favor, bearing date the 5th instant, in
relation to the census returns now on file in my of-
fice. and asking for a statement of the same if com-
patible with the public interest.
In responding to your desire for information on
this subject, itwould perhaps be proper to give a gen-
eral synopsis of the result, so far as they have been
received, but not having immediate access to my offi-
cial records, I can only furnish the total footings of
the twelve eounties thus far reported. These exhibit
a population of twenty-two thousand souls. Six of
the most important in wealth and numbers—except-
ing Gilpen and Arrapahoe—are yet to be heard from.
In this connection it may bo well to state that many
of the assessors while in the prosecution of their as-
sessments were entirely ignorant of the duties im-
posed by the law regulating census returns; copies of
which, though promptly forwarded, failed to reach
them in time to be of service. Others were not ad-
vised by any recognized authority that such a law
had been passed until after their assessment rolls
had been returned to the county clerks. I am also
informed that in not a few localities no effort was
made to record the non-tax-paying resident?, and
that onlysuch names were taken down as came prop-
erly within their jurisdiction as assessors of taxable
property. In the second largest and most populous
mining county (Clear Creek)no census has been made
because of the refusal of the officer assigned to that
duty to act for tho sum specified in the law. I am
further assured by prominent citizens of Denver that
a private census has been taken which places the
population of that city alone at a greater number
than was returned by the assessor for the entire
county. Theinterestyou have manifested in the ma-
terial prosperity of our Territory induces me to pre-
sent these facts in vindication of the people from the
gross misstatements now in circulation throughout
the eastern States, fulminated by disloyal politicians
with the express design of defeating the admission of
the State at the coining session of Congress.
Your obedient servant,
FRANK HALL,
Secretary and Acting Governor of Colorado.
Hon. John Kvan's,
United States Senator-cJcctfor Colorado.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose now to make
any comments on those two papers unless some
other gentleman should see fit to do so. I am
anxious for a vote, although under other cir-
cumstances I should think it well enough to
reply to some things that the Senator from Wis-
consin has said; but I will take some other
occasion for that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, no doubt
the action of Congress upon these two bills will
be hereafter referred to as a precedent, and I
desire simply to say enough to show that while
I vote for the bills, i do not acquiesce in the
doctrines of the amendment or the views of the
gentlemen who support it. Nobody will con-
tend—I presume the author of this amendment
will not contend—that Congress has any power
to regulate the right of suffrage in the State of
Vermont: and if so, then when Nebraska
becomes a State in the Union Congress has no
pdwer to regulate the right of suffrage in the
State of Nebraska by any legislation prior to
or subsequent to the date of its admission,
unless Nebraska stands in the Union in an infe-
rior condition to the State of Vermont. I find
in the second section of the first article of the
Constitution this provision:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
