1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
lars every year now; and the question is, what
shall we do ?
Mr. STEWART. Break it up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How shall we break
it up?
Mr. STEWART. Stop giving any money.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The War Department
gives notice to the Department of the Interior
that they do not desire any longer to feed these
Indians. We want the Indian department to
feed the Indians. The Interior Department
respond once to the War Department that they
will feed the Indians if Congress will furnish
the money ; and the Interior Department be-
lieve they will be able to feed the Indians for
six or seven hundred thousand dollars, what-
ever the amount of this appropriation is.
Mr. "STEWART. What is the object of
feeding them? Have they not been in the
habit of living in that country from time imme-
morial ? Why vote this amount of money, and
tux the people to feed these Indians?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend has come in
since I commenced reading the testimony of
these military gentlemen.
Mr. STEWART. You had better read it
over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot read St over
as every new Senator comes into his seat: it is
impossible.
Mr. STEWART. I have been in my seat
nil the time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will re-
member that I have given the statement of the
military men that if you allow them to be in
their own country, not placed upon reserva-
tions, it will take from two to three regiments
of troops to prevent depredations between the
Mexicans and the Navajoes.
Mi-. STEWART. I am very well aware that
it takes that, and then when the regiments are
ready to whip them the agents come in and
patch up a peace. I am perfectly aware of
'his system; but I cannot see that you will
make it any better by spending this amount of
money to feed them there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple question is,
whether we shall keep the Indians upon the
reservation, or allow them to return to their
own country. If we keep them on this reser-
vation it will cost us the expense of from five
to six hundred troops to watch them and guard
them and keep them there; and it will cost you
a large sum of money, $600.000—if that is the
amount of'the appropriation—besides what they
will raise, to feed them. If you allow them to
go into their own country and disband this
reservation you have lost all the money you
have expended in capturing and putting them
on the reservation; and the universal testimony
of military men is that it Will require two regi-
ments of troops to keep them from depreda-
tions. I received to-day a letter from Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Bristol, of the United States
Army, dated February 2l, from Detroit, Mich-
igan, in which he says:
"I am pleased to inform you that there are about
eight thousand present on the reservation."
There were eight thousand three hundred
and odd Indians on the reservation.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator state
why that letter is written by that officer?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
can read the letter. It came to me to-day
from Detroit, Michigan. The only statement
in the letter to which I referred was in rela-
tion to the number of Indians now present.
He also states that the crops this year have
"°n e°°d as they anticipated. You
will find Major Bristol's testimony at length in
this volume. He was at that time on the
Bosque Redondo. He goes into the particu-
'ars. He says:
- came
wwa* um, uucwttvaju xutuan nere. lie was
taken from a Mexican who offered him for sale for
ten dollars; so that all of them have been brought
nere since I came here. They came at different times.
Total number brought hero, 8,474; of these there were
men, 2,325; of women, 2,710; of children, 3,164; in-
fants at the breast, 375. At the last count, on the 30th
of April last, thece were present 7,169. The differ-
ence in numbers is accounted for by deaths not re-
ported, and absence of those who were hunting.
Some others reside on the reservation, some twenty
to twenty-five miles from the post, and were not pres-
ent at the count, herding their stock. Some of them
i are owners of considerable herds of horses and sheep,
and a few mules and goats. The.number of deaths
among the Navajoes from all causes, so far as it has
come to our knowledge, is two hundred and sixteen
since the 1st of February, 1864."
This is the testimony he gave in 1865. The
crops were then plenty, between three and four
thousand acres. We saw these crops: we went
all over these grounds, Mr. Foster, lilr. Boss,
and myself. We saw wheat, corn, &c.T about
three thousand acres and upward which had
been sown, planted, and cultivated by these
Indians; we sawthesfe acequias; and so far as
the Bosque Redondo is concerned, of all the
places we saw in New Mexico south of the
Taos mountain, this Bosque Redondo was by
far the largest place that could by any possi-
bility be cultivated or put under water that we
saw in the Territory.
Major Bristol goes on to say what has been
done, because he was acting military superin-
tendent:
"There has been made, mainly by tho Indians,
nearly thirty miles of acequias—"
These acequias are tha canals which they
dig for the purposes of irrigation—■
" and we contemplate opening other large acequias
and feeders to bring another large tract under cul-
tivation. For this purpose some surveys are ne-
cessary, as it would have to be opened fifteen to
eighteen miles long, to put the water upon a higher
plateau of ground by hugging the base of the hill.
The Indians can do the labor with some superintend-
ence, and with that tract under cultivation I am con-
fident, from my experience here, they can raise more
than enough for themselves and to teed the Govern-
ment animals needed at this post, and very nearly,
if not quite, supply tho troops at this post with bread-
stuffs. For peaches, apricots, and grapes the soil is
excellent: the river banks are covered with wild
grapes. Upon the balance of the reservation there
are many springs, betides the river; there are six
springs. The pasturage is good, supporting cattle,
horses, mules, and sheep in large numbers. Hay
could be produced to lecd during the winter storms.
If Congress should appropriate a sum of money
sufficent to give a few sheep to each family, I am
confident they would keep them and not kill them.
From the wool the women would make their clothing,
and from the milk feed the children to a considerable
extent. The money could bo better expended here
for that purpose than to attempt to drive them from
the States. There ought to be an appropriation for
hats and shoes, and some domestics, cotton cloth and
calico and a few dyes; and there should also be some
fannin? implements, a blacksmith's and carpenter's
shop; there ought to be a grist-mill. When the In-
dians came here, as a general thing, they were very
much impoverished and in tatters. I neversaw any-
thing like it. Now, they are much better clothed,
because the pelts of the sheep slaughtered by the
Government were given to the poorer classes of the
Indians, and their women have made the wool into
blankets, and they are now much better clothed. The
hides also have been used by them in their lodges,
the green beef-hides have been usedby them to make
soles for their mbccasins. Those who came bringing
their flocks and herds with them have increased in
the number of .their sheep and goats. There is a
strong sense of individual property among Navajoes,
and sheep are prized by them as the highest species
ot property. T/iey regard each other's rights of prop-
erty, and punish with great severity any one who
inintiges upon it. In one case a Navajo was found
stealing a horse; they held acouncil and put him to
death. As an evidence of how they prize sheep, I
would state tbatsixty-one Navajoes raised and gath-
ered two hundred and fifty-nine thousand pounds of
com fodder which they sold to the Government at
I .®i?n dol,arji J er ton- for which they received sheep
at the rato of about four dollars per head, and these
persons receiving these sheep have little flocks now,
which they prize very highly; very few of them have
been ki led; they arc herded with great care, and
the wool preserved and manufactured into clothing.
I have caused to be sowed up n the Navajo farm, of
wheat, fifteen thousand pounds; of beans, sixteen
hundred and seventy-seven pounds; shall probably
put in of beans seven thousand pounds more: of
corn J. have planted eleven thousand three hundred
and eighty-seven pounds."
it was in the early summer time compara-
tively that we were there. The crops at that
time promised well. The wheat was ripe
enough alAt to begin to turn for the harvest,
but after we left the Bosque Redondo, from
the information which we received, it was
attacked by some sort of worn) or insect there
which almost absolutely destroyed the whole
crop of that season, and the Indians were com-
pelled to be supplied with food from the com-
missary department of the Army, and that is
the way in which thejr were supported, and
that is the reason why it costs so much.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin whether
these people occupying these splendid lands
that are described in the book from which he
has been reading are the people whom he pro-
poses to support by the money of the United
States?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple question is,
whether we will feed the Indians or fight them,
i Which is the roost economical?
i Mr. HOWARD. But I understand the hon-
orable Senator that the Indians are occupying
a very splendid tract of country, very fruitful,
| very fertile, very productive of various descrip-
tions of grain ; where the peach is raised, the
! apricot, &e., corn and wheat and sheep and
1 cattle and horses and hogs, as I suppose. How
does it happen that they are so poor as to be
, objects of charity?
Mr. CONESS. I can answer the Senator, I
i think.
I Mr. HOWARD. I am asking the Senator
. from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will
allow me, I will finish very soon what I have
to say. I will read from the testimony the
answers of the chiefs of the Navajoes them-
selves, as we examined them. Cadette, the
chief of the Apaches, was examined in the
i presence of the committee and gave his state-
j ment. Mr. Ross questioned liini:
I " Question by Mr. Ross. Do you know of any other
country where you could get along any better than
here? _
"Thinks he could live better in his old country than
in this. The water is better, and better grass.
" Question. Is it the unanimous yish of all the chiefs
to go back to their old country ?
• " They wouid rather go back to their old country.
Should they be sent back, they could work there,
near Fort Stanton."
That is another place in the Territory of
New Mexico. I state these facts in order to
show to the Senate that these chiefs do not will-
ingly stay on this reservation. They would be
glad to go back to their old country and roam
at large. The Navajo country from which the
Navajoes were taken was about as large as the
State of Ohio. It is not a very small reserva-
tion. The most of it is an immense barren
desert, covered with a little of this short grass,
immense table lands, mesas as they are called,
some grand and glorious mountains, with a
few valleys. That is the general description
of that country. The military gentlemen say
from the whole experience of the country since
they have been there—and such is the history
of that country before we acquired it—men of
eighty years of age stating to them that the
Navajoes and the Mexicans have always been
at war, and that it is necessary to keep two or
three regiments of troops there to keep them
peaceful, to prevent their depredations, it being
cheaper to feed them than to fight them, they
have taken these Indians and put them upon
a reservation, so that fewer troops can guard
them. That is the military view of the ques-
tion. We examined the chiefs themselves.
"Epifano Vigil, interpreter, sworn, (explained to
the chiefs thcobject ofthe commmittee:)
" Ilerrero and Armigo are the two principal chiefs
of the Navajo nation. Herrero has been chief for a
good many years. Armigo is here, but unwell. Her-
rero has not numbered his people; does not know
how many are present on the reservation; does not
know how many are in their old country, but there
are three bands, under chiefs Manuelito, Herrero,
and Yutachiquito. Onechiefsays Yutachiquito has
sixty-four men. Herrero is a cousin of the head
chief present." ^
Questions were put by the committee to ail
the chief's, explained to them by the interpreter,
and their answers taken.
" Question. Are the Navajo people on the reserva-
tion working pretty well?
Xes' are« want to work.
(Question, Do the young men like to work and want
to work?
"Yes; the young men work well; love to work;
even the women.
Question. Are your women and children all pretty
well now?
"All are not weU; some of them arc aick; all agree
to what Ilerrero says.
" Quettion. If your peoplehad plenty of wool could,
they make all the clothes?
