1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Eliot] whether this bill comes into the House
for action at this time.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to that inquiry I will
state that it is not the desire of the committee
to do that if the bill can be retained in such a
way as to secure the action of the House upon
it in the course of to-morrow. We desire to
have debate upon it sufficient to satisfy the
gentleman in regard to its merits and have the
bill seasonably passed. I do not want to run
the risk of not having the bill acted upon and
passed in time to become a law. It is of course
undesirable that a bill of this nature should be
even discussed before it has been put in such
a shape that gentlemen can make themselves
acquainted with its provisions, and I hope
there will be no objection from any quarter that
such delay can be had, and such resumption
of it made as to enable gentlemen to become
familiar with the details of the bill, and yet en-
able us to pass it in season to go to the other
branch and bo acted on there.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to suggest to
the gentleman to put his proposition in this
way: that his bill be taken up and considered
by general consent after the pending business
before the House from the Committee on lie-
construction shall have been disposed of.
Mr. ELIOT. If I should agree to that I
will inquire of the Chair what would be the
effect so far as the business of the House is
concerned ?
The_ SPEAKER. _ The Chair will state the
condition of the business of the House. It is
nominally engaged at present in the considera-
tion of the bill reported last December by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
in regard to the tenure of office, which the
House resolved to debate under the live-minute
rule. While that was pending the House au-
thorized the joint Committee oil Retrenchment
to report a bill in regard to (he civil service.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexuk] was
also authorized by unanimous consent to re-
port a bounty bill, which comes up when the
civil servicc bill is disposed of unless interfered
with by other business which has priority.
The Committee on the Judiciary was also au-
thorized to report an indemnity bill, which was
ordered to come up as soon as the other pend-
ing mailers wore disposed of. While they
were all pending the joint Committee oil Re-
construction, which is authorized to report at
anj time, reported a bill which is also pending.
Willi all these bills pending, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] has reported
this bill this morning, and it is now before the
IIousc. So the House has a variety of business
before it, and it is as much as the Speaker can
do to keep the run of it.
Mr. KLIOT. Then, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BOY'ER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] allow me to make
a suggestion?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly I will.
Mr. BO YER. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that there is an evident impropriety in the
House acting upon this bill either to-day or to-
morrow. 'This House sent a special commit-
tee of investigation to the city of New Orleans,
who were engaged there for a considerable
time in taking the testimony of witnesses.
Since their return to this city they have been
engaged during several weeks in the same
occupation. It is only to-day that the majority
of the committee have submitted to this House
their report, which it is to be presumed none
of the other members of this House as yet
have seen. Although upon the committee, I
have not as yet had an opportunity of being
enlightened by the views of my colleagues upon
that committee as expressed in their report to
this House.
The testimony which has been taken by this
committee is very voluminous. If it was to
answer any good purpose to send this commit-
tee forth to make this investigation and report
to this House the testimony taken by them,
then, Miy should we be called to act upon a
measure directly affecting the State of Louisi-
ana, and intended to abrogate the Government
which is in successful and peaceful operation
there at this time? Why should this be done
before members of this House have had an
opportunity of even reading the evidence which
has been taken by this committee, and which
has a bearing upon this subject? It seems to
me that that testimony should be printed, that
we should have the reports printed, in order
that we may have all the light upon this sub-
ject which is accessible to us. We should
make use of all the means which this House
has ordered to be provided for us in order
that we may properly judge of the question
here involved.
I would therefore suggest to my colleague
upon the committee, and, its chairman, [Mr.
Eliot,] by whose courtesy I am allowed now
to occupy the floor, that it would be manifestly
improper, and it would be so regarded , it seems
to me, by the whole country, for this House,
without making any use of these opportunities,
of forming an enlightened judgment, to rush at
once to its passage this bill which is intended
to sweep away the constitutional government
of the State of Louisiana, which government,
as I have already remarked, is now in peaceful
and successful operation. If that government
is not now in peaceful and successful operation
there perhaps the testimony taken by this com-
mittee will show it. I should like at least to
have an opportunity of showing the facts in
this case. If that opportunity could be afforded
me I think I should be able to render a good
reason to this IIousc and to the country why
the government of Louisiana as it now exists
should be allowed to remain undisturbed and
to go on in the course in which it has been
proceeding for some time past.
I do not desire unnecessarily to trespass
upon the time of my colleague [Mr. Eliot,]
therefore I do not feel warranted in any further
remarks to the House upon this subject. I rose
simply to make the suggestion which I have
made, and I had not intended to occupy so
much time in giving my reasons for it.
Mr. ELIOT. It is perfectly manifest that
if the wishes of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Boyer] should be complied with,
or his suggestion adopted, this bill would go
over indefinitely and beyond the present Con-
gress. We understand very well that that gen-
tleman does prefer that matters in Louisiana
should remain as they are. I was in hopes
that some suggestion would be made to relieve
the committee from the difficulty in which they
were
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make another suggestion?
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman allow me
first to reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer?]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to relieve the gentleman from the
difficulty to which he has referred.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; I will hear it.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I will make this sugges-
tion to the gentleman, that ho move to recom-
mit this bill to the committee whence it came,
and then enter a motion to reconsider the* re-
commitment. And I would inquire of the
Chair if that motion would not be a privileged
motion that could be called up at any time ?
The SPEAKER. There are now pending
some twelve or fourteen motions to reconsider ;
they arc all privileged, but they cannot be called
up while any other business is before the House
for consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then by unanimous con-
sent give the committee leave to report at any
time.
The SPEAKER. That would be no better
for the accomplishment of the object which
the Chair supposes the gentleman has in view.
The highest privilege which the House can
confer upon any subject is by giving unanimous
consent to its consideration. There are already
pending three subjects having that privilege.
This bill being now immediately pending is
before the House for consideration and action
at this time.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I do not see that there
is any course of action open to the committee
except to ask the House to consider and pass
upon this bill now.
Thej3PEAIiER. The only course the Chair
can suggest is for the House to unanimously
reconsider the unanimous consent given in re-
lation to the other subjects, and make this bill
anterior to them.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I suggest that that be
done.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] better call
the previous question on this bill and put it
upon its passage this morning; it is bis only
chance. Let him show his pluck, and call the
previous question on it at once.
Mr. ELIOT. If any gentleman can make
a suggestion to relieve the committee I will
gladly yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to inquire whether,
if this bill were referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction that committee could not,
under the rules of the House, report at any
time and so give priority to the bill before the
House.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair has already
stated, the House has involved itself in this
dilemma. Some time ago the House, by unan-
imous consent, authorized the Committee on
Military Affairs to report at any time the bounty
bill. That bill is now pending, to be consid-
ered whenever it shall be reached. The House
also, by unanimous consent, granted to the
gentleman froTu Iowa [Mr. Wilson] leave to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary at
any time what is known as the indemnity bill.
That bill has been reported and is now pend-
ing, to come up after the bounty bill. If the
House should now grant unanimous consent
for the reporting of this bill at any time it
would come in after the bounty bill and the
indemnity bill. The Chair does not know any
method by which the House can relieve itself.
Mr. THAYER. Why cannot this bill be
postponed to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It can be.
Mr. THAYER. Then lot me suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
who has charge of this bill 
The SPEAKER. If it should be postponed
it would probably never be reached, because
other matters would have priority, which has
been given to them by unanimous consent.
Mr. THAYER. The House ought not to
be asked to vote on the bill at this time, when
it has not been printed and no opportunity has
been afforded to examine it.
Mr. BOYER. I would ask whether it is not
better that the bill should fail rather than that
it should be passed when the House has no
sufficient means of forming an intelligent judg-
ment upon it ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that if we had not your clear head to
guide us we should be in such a muddle that
no one could extricate the House from it. We
have had an explanation of the condition of
business ; and I wish to add a single remark in
relation to the present status of this bill and
the manner in which it is presented for the
action of the Honse.
At the very commencement of this session
we revived the Reconstruction Committee, and
agreed that everything relating to the repre-
sentation of the insurrectionary States and their
reorganization should be referred to that com-
mittee. For reasons best known to the com-
mittee it had, I believe, no meeting; and vpt
ripus side attempts were made to dispose ot
the question of reconstruction, until the whole
subject, as it was presented by a bill from the
gentleman at the head of that committee, was
referred to the committee. We then obtained
a report in the shape of the bill which has been
under discussion for several days. We see on
all sides of this House—I think I am not mis-
taken^ in saying this—a disposition to come
speedily to an agreement so to amend that bill
as to make it agreeable to a large majority here
and to pass it. If it be passed it will cover the
