1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
whole question of reconstruction for all the
rebel States.
Now, in this condition of things, when we are
approaching probably a solution of the whole
difficult}', tjiere comes in from another com-
mittee by a side-wind a proposition for recon-
struction applicable to one particular State, and
that in the shape of a bill whose provisions
occupy probably nearly a quire of paper; and
upon this we are called upon to act, and at
once, because if we do not act upon it at once
it will lie over with no prospect of our being
able to reach it. In this condition of things
what would be the sensible course for the House
to take? To lake up and go on with the whole
subject of reconstruction presented in the bill
now under consideration, what is called the
military bill, coming from the proper commit-
tee, the Committee on Reconstruction. Com-
mit this bill to that committee at once. They
will have an opportunity, for it is a privileged
committee, to report it back at any time, and
if it prevails it will cover the whole ground.
It seems to me in all this matter we resemble
more what I have seen in boys hunting rabbits.
After going a little distance 011 one track wo
come to another which crosses it, and wo fol-
low the new track till another crosses it, take
that, and so continue; and nothing is accom-
plished. I propose that wo put this out of the
way, as a new track or a new line crossing
our path, by sending it to the Committee 011
Reconstruction and going on with the recon-
struction bill and disposing of it, as I think
we can, in the next twenty-four hours.
I will (I know the gentleman holds the floor
against me, and I cannot do it now) at the first
opportunity, if I can vote down the previous
question, in order to move to recommit this to
the Committee on lieeonstruction and go on
with the reconstruction bill.
Mr. FAUNSWORTIL I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, if the gentleman
wishes to make a suggestion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As this is germane
to the subject the House was considering when
it, adjourned on Saturday, and as that will come
up I suppose the next business in order, why
cannot this bill, if the gentleman desires a vote
on it, be moved as an amendment to the other
one ?
The SPEAKER. Further amendment is not
in order, as there is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending, and gentlemen have given no-
tice of others they intend offering.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The majority can
vote down all the other amendments and adopt
this one in their stead. There is nothing to
interfere with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts offering his bill as a substitute.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to one suggestion
made by the gentleman from Ohio, I wish to
say the bill now before the House from the
Reconstruction Committee does not interfere
with the provisions of the other bill also pend-
ing, nor will action on this prevent action on
that. The bill from the Reconstruction Com-
mittee is a pure military bill, and if it passes
to-day would not interfere at all with this,
except I am desirous not to have any collision,
either of fact or feeling, between this bill and
the other one.
I do not see but the committee is constrained
to go on with the discussion on this bill unless
the House will adopt the suggestion I have
made just now, that the bill shall be ordered to
be printed and we shall have leave to call it up
to-morrow in precedence of all other orders.
Mr. RAYMOND. Let me ask a question.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, if it will throw any light
011 the subject.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know what action on the part of the House is
necessary in order to carry out the suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio, to have the gen-
eral bill on reconstruction come in and take
the placc of this now before the House?
The SPEAKER. By the passage of this
bill, by iaying it on the table, by referring it,
by postponing it to a day certain, or indefi-
nitely, or any other disposition of this bill, will
then bring up the bill on reconstruction.
Mr. RAYMOND. Are we now in the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. You cannot suspend the rules in
the morning hour, but only after it has ex-
pired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that the gentle-
man yield the floor to me to make the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and at once to take a vote on it.
Mr. ELIOT. And that existing orders bo
so far suspended as to take the action first on
this bill. [Cries of " No 1"] I am contented to
yield to any suggestion with the understanding
I have stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want the gentleman to
understand me. I am willing, for one, if wo
recommit to his committee, they shall have
leave to report at any time; but ho asks more
than that; he asks all the other business of the
House be set aside for this, and that I cannot
consent to.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
suggest that if the gentleman obtains the best
terms possible that is all that can be done.
It must be evident, in the present temper of the
House, that if he should go 011 and consume an
hour this morning, at the expiration of the hour
it may be immediately referred either to the
Committee on Reconstruction or to his own
committee. Hence, if he accepts the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York, to re-
commit the bill with power to report at any
time, it certainly seems to me it is the best
proposition ho can get.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Mr. Speaker, will it be
in order to move to adjourn, so that gentlemen
may have a caucus 011 this subject? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Massachusetts is on the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. If I can be allowed to report
this bill at any time, in accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Vermont,
upon the understanding that that means just
what it says, then 4 shall give notice that I
will reportit to-morrow morning after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if any gentleman demands the regular order
of business ho can prevent the gentleman from
reporting it to-morrow morning.
Mr. ELIOT. It must be perfectly obvious,
then, that this bill must take its chance now
with the House.
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleman must proceed or surrender
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me to make an in-
quiry of the Chair?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know if
this should go to the joint Committee op. Re-
construction, and a motion should be entered
to reconsider, whether a majority of the House
cannot at any time postpone all prior orders
and take this up ?
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman demands
the regular order, that brings the pending busi-
ness before the House. If any gentleman had
demanded the legular order to-day at the ex-
piration of the morning hour, that would have
brought up the reconstruction bill, which was
made the special order by the unanimous order
of the House, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] would have been enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand if the motion to
recommit is made and a motion to reconsider
the recommitment is entered it would then be
within the power of the chairman of the com-
mittee to call the bill up for consideration at
any time, unless some gentleman called for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. That is to.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, if there could be an
understanding that advantage should not be
taken of me—[Laughter.] Air. Speaker, allow
me to say that the committee has reported the
best bill that has yet come before the House.
[Laughter.] It has been drawn by more than
a dozen gentlemen. [Laughter. ] There is no
one person who can be considered responsible
for it, because the brain, the heart, the judg-
ment of every gentleman on this tloor whose
efforts have been directed in this channcl have
been invoked and are incarnated in this bill.
[Laughter. ] I am perfectly sure when we eome
to discuss it wo shall agree upon a vote. I de-
sire it shall bo adopted, and to have the House
in good nature when it is done. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow a
question ?
Mr. ELIOT. A very short one.
Mr. BOYER. I desire him to inform the
House whether or not his colleague on the
committee representing the minority was con-
sulted with reference to the draft of this bill ?
Mr. ELIOT1. I take it upon myself to say
that he was not. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. ELIOT. If it will take but an instant.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know how it is
that a majority of this House have been able to
give an opinion upon this bill before it was re-
ported? I presume the gentleman had not dis-
closed it to a majority of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I said that this bill embodied the heart and
brain of every gentleman in the House who
had directed his efforts in this channel. There
arc bills before the House presented by differ-
ent gentlemen ; they have been carefully ex-
amined and compared, and what is good has
been taken from each one of them.
Mr. Speaker, how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. _ Five minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. It is manifest that I must let
the House judge in this matter. I have tried
all the ways I know and there is but one. left
to mo, and that is to place the matter before
the House. I shall have to call the previous
question. It maybe voted down; if so, 1 shall
have discharged my duty. I nowcall the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. May I ask the Chairwhat
will be the effect of the operation of the pre-
vious question?
The SPEAKER. It will be to arrest all
debate cxecpt one hour, to which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will bo en tilled.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Mr. Speaker, if this
bill does not pass, what will become of the
loyal men of Louisiana? [Laughter.]
The S BEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
The question being put on seconding the
previous question, there were—ayesOG, noesG8.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELIOT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot
and Boybr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—'ayes 79, noes 70.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. BINGHAM. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
Chair what would be the effect upon this bill
should the House refuse to order the main
question to be now put?
The SPEAKER. The effect would be to
divest this bill of the operation of the previous
question, the same as if the call for the pre-
vious question had not been seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. And in that case would
it not be in order to move to commit this bill
to the joint Committee on Reconstruction?
The'SPEAKEIt. That motion would then
be in order.
Mr. PIKE. Yes; and it would then bo in
order to kill the bill.
