1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
367
Mr. CHANLER. I have specially denied
making any such charge. My object in rising
was to bring in this resolution.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Rules.
additional compensation op clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be a motion to postpone previous
orders to take up House joint resolution No.
224, giving additional compensation to certain
employ6s in the civil service of the Govern-
ment ait Washington.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask whether the
jointresolution as it is intended to be presented
has been printed?
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee have only
one or two amendments to propose to the
printed bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to inquire of the Chair whether it is
competent for the House to assign the consid-
eration of this joint resolution immediately
after the morning hour ? I want the House to
have a morning hour this morning.
The SPEAKER. It can by unanimous con-
sent only, as there are special orders anterior
to this one in date which came in after the
morning hour. But, if taken up, the House
can then, by a majority vote, postpone it till
any other hour of the day.
Mr. COBB. Is this the same joint resolu-
tion introduced by the gentleman from Ohio
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is the joint resolution
which I reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means a few days ago. It was set for yes-
terday. I hope it will be taken up and passed
as it will take but a few moments.
Mr. ALLEY. When the proposition was
made I asked whether it would interfere with
the morning hour, and I was told it would not,
otherwise 1 should have objected.
Mr. GARFIELD. If taken up yesterday it
would not have interfered with the morning
hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man consent, if the joint resolution be taken
up, to have it postponed until after the morn-
ing hour?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not want to inter-
fere with the morning hour.
The joint resolution was taken up and then
postponed till after the morning hour.
california mails.
The first business in order during the morn-
ing hour was the call of committees for reports.
Mr. ALLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
report a joint resolution directing the Postmas-
ter General to adjust and settle the claim of the
ocean steam ship line running between New York
and San Francisco, via Panama, and to allow
such sum as in his judgment shall be equitable
and just for extra mail service performed by
said steamship company during the interrup-
tion of the overland service by Indian hostili-
ties in 1864 and 1865, provided the allowance
shall not exceed $10^300; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
report be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
there is no report.
Mr. ALLEY. There is no report. I will
state the circumstances of the ease. This ser-
vice was performed by the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company during the interruption of the
overland service, occasioned by Indian hostili-
ties, in 1864. The claim which the company
made on the Government was $50,000. The
then Postmaster General recommended to
Congress to pay the sum of $22,000, I think.
The committee, feeling that that was too much,
based their estimate of the amount of pay for
the service upon the price which was charged
for first-class freight, inasmuch as the company
were not required to do anything extra, and in-
asmuch as the company would have been will-
ing to have performed the same service for any
individual or corporation at that rate. The
committee were of the opinion that the Gov-
ernment should be called upon to pay no more
for service rendered than'for the same service
rendered to individuals, and upon that basis it
was found that the sum should be $10,300.
Upon conference with the Postmaster General
he concurred with the committee in the opinion
that that was the right basis on which to settle
the claim.
I am not advised whether the company will
accept the proposition or not, but the commit-
tee are clearly of the opinion after a full inves-
tigation of the case that the sum proposed is
sufficient, and they are unanimous I believe in
reporting that this sum at least should be paid.
Some of the committee were of the opinion
thata largersum should be paid for the service,
but the majority thought otherwise, and all
thought that this sum was the smallest that
should be allowed. Therefore, I suppose there
can be no objection to it, and I will call the
previous question if no further explanation
is desired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
there will be some little objection to this bill
as it now stands. I do not know much about
this matter. It involves an appropriation of
$10,000, but from the statement of the gentle-
man, if I understood it, there is no just claim
whatever. The Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany are obliged under their contract to per-
form the mail service, and the complaint is
now that they were compelled to. do a little
more than they were willing to do, and so they
come back here and ask the modest sum of
$50,000 to do what they were obliged to do
for nothing, and they have finally cut down their
claim to $10.000; and now the gentleman pro-
poses to pay this sum and to gag the bill through
under the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether it will not be cheaper
to pay this $10,000 than to be called upon to
pay this claim several years hence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
responsible for the future, only for the present.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
is famous for talking about gagging in this
House under the previous question. Mr.
Speaker, I stated only the facts in the case;
and allow me to say that the gentleman from
Illinois has shown by his remarks that he
knows nothing whatever of the merits of the
case or the contract under which the company
were acting. I will only say further that I
stated to the House most distinctly that if any
further questions were asked of the chairman
of the committee I would cheerfully answer
them, and that I would give any gentleman
an opportunity to make any remarks he chose:
but if no further questions were to be asked,
and no further remarks to be made, I should
call the previous question. Under those cir-
cumstances I thought it rather ungenerous that
the gentleman from Illinois should make the
remarks he did. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.]
Mr. KASSON. I ask to have the joint res-
olution read. I have a suggestion to make,
unless I find it unnecessary after hearing the
joint resolution read.
The joint resolution was accordingly read.
Mr. KASSON. I will say that upon the
facts as I understood the provisions of this
joint resolution, the limitation which I feared
was not in it will probably tend to accomplish
the object sought. I recollect that in the con-
tract that was made this company for a certain
sum, I think $160,000, were obliged to carry
the printed mail matter, and that they made
the contract for about $10,000 less, or about
$150,000. The company, however, were
obliged also to carry such letters as should bo
marked to go by that route. That did not eon-
template the transfer of the entire letter mad
by that route to California. Owing to the in-
terruption by the Indians of the overland ser-
vice they were obliged to take the entire letter
mail, including all those letters, a majority of
which were not directed to go by the steamer
route to California. From an examination
which I made of this matter some days ago, I
admit that we ought to limit the appropriation
substantially to the amount originally author-
ized by Congress to be paid for the transpor-
tation of printed matter to California, and
this joint resolution so limits it: it provides
that they shall be paid in accordance with an
equitable adjustment made by the Department,
against the remonstrance of the company carry-
ing the mails.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. There is one
consideration which I think is worthy of the
attention of this House. This joint resolution
for the appropriation of this $10,000 is not
accompanied by any written report whatever.
We have only the statement of the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Alley,] who reported the joint resolution. It
is simply his statement. There is nothing to
go upon the records or files of the House to
show upon what grounds we voted this money.
And the gentleman did ask the previous ques-
tion, but he afterward gave way.
In regard to that, let me say that perhaps I
spoke a little hastily, but I did not forget that
at the last session of Congress the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] brought for-
ward a proposition here which inflicted the
greatest injury on my constituents and the
eight million people of the Northwest in the
interest of a railroad company to dam up the
Mississippi river, and he called the previous
question on that measure and endeavored to
shut off all discussion.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that the gentleman is not
discussing the question now before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was the
gentleman from Massachusetts discussing the
question before the House when he adminis-
tered his rebuke to me?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois did not raise the question of order on the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or the Chair
would have ruled as he now does. The gentle-
man from Illinois must confine himself to the
joint resolution before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman from Massachusetts had confined
his remarks to the pending resolution. There
are some things which the gentleman says
that I do not understand. I wish, before I am
compelled to vote upon this question, to know
what the contract is with this Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. I wish to have the con-
tract here so that I may judge for myself
whether they have any claim on us or not. I
want to know whether there was not an obliga-
tion on the part of this company which has
drawn from the Treasury nearly two hundred
thousand dollars a year to carry the letter
mail.
I understand from the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] that there was
a temporary interruption of the overland mail,
which only carries letters, and this steamship
company was compelled for a few months to
carry the letters which otherwise would have
gone overland ; and for that service, which on
the face of their contract they were compelled
to perform, they come here and ask for this
appropriation, which is to be disbursed by the
Postmaster General.
Sir, I am opposed to this kind of legislation,
to this giving away of the authority we have
ourselves into the hands of somebody else. I
will not say anything against the Postmaster
General. I believe he would adjust this mat-
ter fairly and honestly; but I do not propose
to trust this power to him, to abdicate the
powers which we have ourselves and give them
into the hands of this man. Let the gentle-
man ask to recommit his resolution, and make
a full written report showing all the circum-
stances, so that wo may know what claim this
