1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1809
ton, the military commander of the district,
without any authority for his proceedings other
than that derived from his power as commander
of the military district which included New
Mexico ; and it was done against the opinion
of the proper officer of the Government who
was in charge of the Indians, and whose opin-
ion, as here stated, was supported by the
strongest reasons. This report shows that the
Indian agent at that time pointed out the very
consequences which have since resulted from
the adoption of this experiment. We have
stood silently by and permitted this military
commander to try his experiment for a period
of two years, till he has saddled us with an
expense of a million and a half per annum
merely for the support of these Indians, and
besides an additional enormous amount for the
sitpport and maintenance of the troops under
his command, probably in all two and a half
or three millions a year! This is the experi-
ment which, with fall information when it
began, we have permitted to go on for a period
of two years; and yet it seems there are some
men in this country who think the Treasury
has not been bled sufficiently, that enough of
public money has not been poured out in New
Mexico and gone into the hands of favorites
' and of contractors. We are yet engaged in
grave debate to determine whether this mili-
tary experiment is to be continued or not.
General Sherman says in his report, made
last November, that it is impossible to go on
with this system; that if it is to be pursued
application must be made to Congress, and a
special and large appropriation for this partic-
ular object must be made; that as lieutenant
general of our armies, and to some extent
responsible for what is taking place, he is not
in favor of diverting the funds of the War
Department to this object in such an enormous
stream of expenditure.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
tMr. Sherman] continues the control of the
far Department until the 1st of next July. I
should like to terminate it immediately; but
it is better to fix that limit than to fix no limit
at all and permit this system of abuse to go
on without any check whatever from Congress.
If Congress shall permit it to go on, it will
become just as guilty as if it had ordered this
experiment to be undertaken originally and
had deliberately and willfully maintained and
encouraged it upon full knowledge of all the
facts.
Now, sir, do what any sensible man would
advise you to do; do what was proposed by
good authority in the beginning of this experi-
ment; allow these men of the mountains and
forest to go back to the place of their former
residence, and supply such protection as is
necessary to the frontier. Certainly it will not
cost an enormous amount of money to protect
the frontier. In former timds before we ac-
quired New Mexico the amount of military force
used for the defense of the inhabitants was
quite small; and that we who claim that our
modes of administration are superior to those
which we superseded in that country should
fall into such a system of abuse as this and
continue it for years is to me most surprising.
Our outlays upon this object are not necessary,
nor even useful. On the contrary, they are
wasteful, improvident, corrupt, and scandalous.
Let us end them, and restore the control of
sound sense and the practice of economy to
our administration of affairs in a distant but
interesting Territory.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer this amendment,
to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That whenever a vacancy
thall occur in the office of any sub-Indian agent,
whose salary or compensation exceeds $1,000 per an-
num, the samo shall only be filled by some person, to
be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, exceptif such vacany shall
occur in the reccss of the Senate, the same may be
temporarily filled by some person to be commissioned
by the President, and he shall hold his office until
the end of the next session.
The amendment was agreed to.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 114.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance which was passed over, on which no
vote has yet been had. It was to strike out
on page 65 the clause appropriating $50,000
for expenses of collecting and locating the
Colorado river Indians in Arizona.
Mr. HENDERSON. I prefer that the ques-
tion should not be taken on that amendment
at this moment. I desire to present some facts
to the Senate in reference to it. I doubt the
propriety of striking out that clause in the bill.
I hope at any rate it will not be stricken out at
present; but when the bill comes into the Sen-
ate it can be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passedaover for the present unless
objection be made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill in line fourteen hundred and one, on page
58, by striking out " thirty-five" and inserting
"seventy," so as to make the appropriation
for general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Arizona Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, &c., $70,000.
There are thirty-five thousand Indians in
Arizona, and the appropriation that I propose
will be two dollars a head. I would not ask
to increase the appropriation in the Honse bill
but for certain facts that are stated in the report
of the superintendent, whose letter is perfectly
clear on the subject, showing, in my judgment,
the necessity of the appropriation. It is in
consequence of military orders that have been
made confining a large body of Indians there
to a certain reservation. They are prohibited
from going beyond a fixed line, and the superin-
tendent demonstrates beyond any doubt, in my
judgment, that if this policy is to be pursued
(and he has no power or authority whatever to
change it; it is being carried out under the
orders of General Mason, who is in command
there) it will require an appropriation of this
amount, and perhaps a larger amount, but I
am not prepared to go to the extent that he
seems to desire. I really think, however, that
this appropriation is not too large for the large
body of Indians in Arizona. I presume it has
become necessary to confine a good many of
these Indians in narrower limits than they have
heretofore been held in ; and in that view of
the case I think the appropriation ought to be
made. The letter is a lengthy one, and I do
not propose to trouble the Senate with it unless
some member shall desire to hear it. I have
examined the case carefully, and am satisfied
with the necessity of the appropriation on the
facts presented.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment, to come in after line fourteen hundred
and eighty-one, on page 61:
For reappropriation of the sum carried to the sur-
plus fund Jor warrant No. 172, dated June 30, 1866,
under the head "for surveying and allotting to the
proper persons the reserved tracts per ninth and tenth
articles, with Sacs and Foxes and other tribes of In-
dians, July 15,1830," $1,209 97.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 62, after line
fourteen hundred and ninety-three, I move to
insert:
For additional pay of four physicians, four black-
smiths and assistants, four carpenters, four teachers,
and four farmers on tho tour reservations in Califor-
nia for the fiscal year ending June 30,186S, $7,200.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, to purchase asaw and grist-mill for the Round
Valley reservation. So,000.
The Senator from California, whose attention
I have called to this matter, will find on page
62 of the bill, this item:
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one as-
sistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter upon
each of the four reservations of California, at the rate
of fifty dollars per month, $12,000.
There are twenty-four persons required, four
physicians, four blacksmiths, four assistant
blacksmiths, four farmers, four carpenters, and
four teachers upon these reservations, and the
amount appropriated in the bill for them is
$12,000. The superintendent of Indian affairs
there says that it is utterly impossible to procure
anything like competent men at these prices,
between forty and fifty dollars a month, and he
requires a largely greater sum than I propose.
I propose $7,200 additional, making $19,200
for these twenty-four men during the year. He
saye that carpenters cannot be employed there
at the rate of forty or fifty dollars a month, nor
can teachers, nor can physicians who possess
any qualifications at all as physicians. It struck
me that the demand was a very reasonable one,
and that it ought to be allowed. There are
various other appropriations asked for which I
do not choose to grant. This one I thought was
proper. It seems to me a very small sum, and
I doubt whether competent men can be procured
for the pay. The Senator from California, how-
ever, will be better able to determine that mat-
ter than myself.
In regard to the mill, it struck me also that
the reasons in his report, which can be read if
any Senator desires to hear it, show that that
appropriation ought to be made.
Mr. CONNESS. There are only two items
in that connection that are new. The one
relates to the mill proposed, and the other to
the teachers. Up to the present time all the
other officers have had existence since the
passage of the bill in 1864 to reorganize Indian
affairs in California. Prior to that time we
had two superintendencies in the State. At
that time we made one, and made a consider-
able reduction in expenses connected with that
branch of the public service. The amount
fixed as compensation for the physicians and
the mechanics, including the blacksmith and
carpenter on the reservations, was too small,
and the difficulty that has resulted from it has
been seriously felt in the management. There
never has up to this time been any teachers
employed, and there have been no schools,
and are none now on the reservations there.
The necessity for schools has been very great,
and I am very glad to find that the committee
have allowed a small appropriation to institute
schools on these reservations. I can only say
to the Senate that the Indian affairs in that
State n*>\v are managed in the most creditable
manner; that the private business of no man
in the country is managed with more exact-
ness than the affairs of the Government upon
these four Indian reservations. I feel a good
deal of pride in connection with it, because it
has been to a very large extent the object of
my solicitude and care since I came here. I
hold, and have expressed the opinion upon other
occasions, that the management of Indian affairs
must necessarily depend upon th6 character
and capacity and integrity—character includes
it all—of the persons immediately employed,
even the lesser or lower agents on the reserva-
tions ; and with that view great care has been
taken in the selection of these officers. The
result has met the expectation of those who
desired the best possible administration of
affairs in the Indian department; and it must
be gratifying to us all to know that in one State
at least Indian affairs have undergone a great
change for the better. I am glad this appro-
priation is asked for, and I agree with tie Sen-
ator from Missouri in granting the amount he
proposes, and not the whole, in making a
beginning in that way.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very glad to
have the concurrence of the Senator from
California. We have had but little time to
determine these matters, and I did not know but
that in all probability I should make mistakes
in many cases. While I am upon the floor I
think it my duty to say, that from the examin-
ation I have been able to give to Indian affairs,
my impression is that they are better con-
ducted in the State of California than in any
other part of the L'nited States. I am thor-
oughly satisfied that the system has been re-
duced almost to perfection, if not quite so, in
that State, and I regret exceedingly that it
is not to be found in other sections of the
country. Taking, the number of Indians that
are in the State, we certainly conduct Indian
