1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ALLEY. The report was sent to the
House yesterday atffi ordered to be printed, and
vras placed in my hands.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask that the papers be
read.
. The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 8,1867.
Sir: Congress, by joint resolution entitled "Joint
resolution, relative to the couits and post office of
Now York city," approved May 16,1866, appointed
" a commission to sclect a proper site for a building
for a post office and for the accommodation of tho
United States courts in the city of New York."
The commission has selected a site and reported to
the undersigned the price at which it can be pur-
chased.
YVe approve the report, and we have the honor to
communicate it to Congress.
The facts and considerations submitted in the rc-
poit arc, in our opinion, conclusive as to the expe-
diency of purchasing, on the terms proposed, the
site fcclccted. We respectfully rccommend an addi-
tion,il appropriation of $1,500,000 for the crcction of
a building for the purpose mentioned in the joint
resolution. An urgent necessity exists for early ac-
tion, and we are of opinion that economy and policy
require that the United States should be the proprie-
tor of the building in the city of New York appro-
priated to such important public uses.
We have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary of trie Interior.
ST. JOHN B. L. SKINNER,
Acting Postmaster General.
Eon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the Mouse of
Uexireocntatvoee.
To Hon. Alexander W. Randall, Postmaster Gen-
eral, and lion. O. H. Browning, Secretary of the
Interior ;
The undersigned, having been by resolution of Con-
gress, approved May 16,1866, appointed a commission
to select a proper site for a building for a post office
and for the accommodation of the United States
courts in the city of New York, report: A fall and
free interchange of views was had at several of their
meetings, and it was agreed that the first thing to be
determined was the size of a building necessary to
meet the requirements of the business of the United
States courts and those of the postal business of the
city of New York during the next thirty years.
Upon investigation it was ascertained that the.aver-
ago amount of outgoing and incoming mails had
increased in loss than twelve years from ten tons
per day to ninety and one hundred tons per day; that
the business m every department of the city post
office had more than doubled during the last four
years; that the presentpostofficebuildingwas totally
unfitted for and inadequate to tho present wants of
tho postal business, and that a building fitted to
accommodate it and the business of the United States
courts would require a space of land equal to from
twenty-five to thirty city lots.
It was also apparent that a location should be pro-
cured in which streets were wider than those upon
•which the present post office is situated, the latter
being too narrow to permit large mail-wagons to be
turned in them without using the sidewalks on onoof
the sides of those streets. Advertisements, therefore,
were inserted daily for two weeks in four papers of
the largest circulation inviting proposals for the sale
of a space of land equal to twenty-five or thirty city
lots, centrally located in the city of New York. Only
one definite response was received, namely, from
Smith Clift, Esq., relative to the sale of St. John's
park. This property, located near the Hudson river,
was considered to be so far removed from the central
part of the eity as to be unfitted for.thc purposes pro-
posed. The Legislature of the State of NewYoik
having ir£ the year 1860, and again in the year 1861,
authorized the corporation of the city of New York
to sell to the United States a portion of the City Hall
park on which to ercct a post office, both boards of
the common council appointed a joint committee to
meet a committee of this commission and a commit-
tee of the commissioners of the sinking fund, (with-
out whose consent a sale of real property by the city
of New York could not be made,) to take into con-
sideration the terms upon which a sufficient space of
the City Hail park for the purposes designed could
be sold to the United States. Their meetings resulted
in the passage, by the comraissioneis of the sinking
fund, of a resolution that the eity of New York should
sell to the United States a space in the lower part of
the City Hall paik, bounded and described as follows:
All that piece or parcel of land in the city of New
York, being the southerly end of the City .Hall park
in said eity, bounded andcontainingas follows: com-
mencing on the easterly line of Broadway at a point
three hundred feet northerly from the westerly term-
ination of the .curved linewhieh bounds,the south-
ern extremity of the said City Hall park, and running
thencesoutherly along the said easterly line of Broad -
way three hundred feet to the said westerly termina-
tion of the said curved line; thence following the said
cui ved line one hundred and fifty feet to its easterly
termination on the westerly line of Park row ; th6nce
along the said westerly line of Park row three hun-
dred Tt0<^ ? thence in a straight line across the said
City Hall park three hundred and twenty feet and
two inches to the point of beginning: containing ra
area sixty-five thousand two hundred and fiffcymin©
square feet, for the sum of $-500,000, with a eonaition
that the property should revert to the eity whenever
the United States ceased to use it forthe purpose for
which it was sold. The joint committee of the com-
mon ccmneil unanimously recommended to their
39th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 24.
several boards the adoption of this resolution. A
resolution in accordance therewith lias been adopted
by both boards of common council, and the same
has been duly approved by tho mayor. (A copy of
the resolution is hereto annexed.)
Your commission deem it proper to state that the
municipal authorities of the eity of New York have,
in adoptingtheresolution above referred to, (by which
so large a portion of the City Hall park will be at a
mere nominal price, if accepted by the United States,
conveyed for the purpose aforesaid to the United
States,) exhibited great liberality, and shown a com-
mendable disposition to aid the Government in this
important and necessary improvement. Your com-
mission also refer to a communication from Samuel
G. Courtney, Esq., United States district attorney,
hereto annexed, in which he states the number of
rooms that will be required for tho use of the United
States courts and the offices necessary to transact the
large and increasing judicial business of the district.
It is the opinion of this commission that the accom-
modations named in the communication of the dis-
trict attorney could not be procured in any location
in the city of New York, central and suitable, at a
rental o£less than $75,000 per annum.
It is not, perhaps, improper for this commission to
refer to some of tho advantages that would bo secured
by the United States in the purchase of this property.
The price named is a mere nominal sum. The space
specified is equal to about twenty-six city lots. It is
well located for the purpose and business of the
United States courts, beingin the immediate vicinity
of the City Hall, new City Hall, the custom-house,
and other public buildings of the United States.
The Government is now paying $22,500 rent per
annum for the premises at present occupied by the
United States courts and the offices connected there-
with, and which are entirely unfit and inadequato for
the purposes for which they are used; and tins pur-
chase tor the use of the courts alone would be a good
investment. It is also the focal point of all the city
travel. Nearly all the railroads in and running into
the city of New York terminate at this point or in
its immediate vicinity.
No other site suitable or adequate for the purposes
aforesaid having been presented or offered to the
undersigned, this commission therefore recommend
that the United States accept the offer of the cor-
poration of the city of Now York to sell to it the
portion of the C.ity Hall park referred to in the res-
olution hereto annexed for the purpose of erecting
thereon a city post office and rooms for the courts
of the; United States, and for the necessary offices
connected therewith; and in conclusion, we would
suggest that tho Postmaster General and the Secre-
tary of the Interior urgeui>on Congress at its present
session such action as will insure tne purchase of the
site above mentioned, and also the erection at once
of the buildings so long and so greatly needed.
JOHN T. HOFFMAN.
Mayor of New York.
SAMUEL G. COURTNEY,
United States Attorney, southern district New York.
JAMES KELLY,
Postmaster.
^ JONATHAN ST,URQES,
Acting President of the Chamber of Commerce.
JACKSON S. SCHUI4TZ,
96 Cliff street.
' MOSES TAYLOR,
CHARLES H. RUSSELL.
Resolutions referred to in foregoing report.
Resolved, That the mayor, aldermen and com-
monalty of the eity of New York, do hereby author-
ize and direct a conveyance to the United States
Government of a piece of ground, described in a
resolution adopted by- the commissioners of the
sinking fund, on the 26fh day of June, 1866, upon
the terms described in said resolution, which resolu-
tion read as follows:
** Resolved, That the commissioners of the sinking
fund advise^ that the lower portion of the City Hall
park, as designated on a certain map, which consti-
tutes a portion of the records of the proceedings of
said commissioners, be sold and conveyed to the Uni-
ted States Government as a site or location for a
post office and court-house,.and to be used by the
said United States Government for said purposes
exclusively, for the sum of $500,000, the convey-
ance to contain & provision that when the same shall
ceaso to, be used for the purposes specified, or for
some one of them, the title shall revert to and be
reinvested m the mayor;"aldermen, and commonalty
of the city of New York." - *
Copy of Communication from S. G. Courtney, Esq.,
United States District Attorney.
The judicial branch of the public service will re-
quire apartments as follows: Room for tho United
States district attorney; room for the United States
marshal; room for the United States circuit court;
foom for the United States district court; room for
the United States circuit court clerk's office; room
for the United States district court clerk's office;
room for the United States grand jury; private
chambers for judges United States district court;
private chambers for judges United States circuit
court; two rooms for referees of circuit and district
courts; one room for storage-for tho United States
marshal.
District Attorney.^This officer should be awarded
at least six separate apartments. One large, com-
modious apartment for the district attorney; one for
bis phief assistant; one for the two remaining assist-
ants: one for the clerks in charge of the registers;
oneforthecopyistsandmessengers, and one specially
given to the records of the office. These apartments
should all connect with each other, so that th'e dis-
trict attorney can conveniently tt all times have his
entire.corps of subordinates within his control and
supervision; and yet these apartments should be so
separated (by partition and doorway) that^each offi-
cial may discharge his duties without interruption.
If, in addition to these rooms, the district attorney
may have an ante-room connected with Ms plvn-fOr
his private interviews, which in the course pi busi-
ness is often nccessary, it would make the arrange-
ments complete.- An apartment, as suggested, for
the records of the office, which have becomc vol-
uminous, is indispensable, It is desirable that these
rooms should be on the same floor or contiguous to
the court-rooms. • •
United States Marshal's Office* juny-rqotnt,and stor-
age for articles under seizure of. the. Mdrsh^l.^Yix^
rooms required for the accommodation of the
United States marshal for the southern 'distriet of
New York, his assistants. &c. One laige. room* §ay
about twenty by forty, for the general "business of
the United States marshal's department, fitted" up
similar to banking institutions, to be occupied by tfi©
deputy and clerks; one room, smaller, for the use of
the United States marshal as a private office; one
room for ten constables attached to the marshal's
department, largo enough to be fitted up with a desk
for each officer, and connoctcd ^yith or near the gen-
oral offico; one room for grand .juries,; one room for
petit juries; both should be near tho court-rooms;
one room to keep prisoners and witnesses during
examinations before United States commissioners
and court trials; one large rooih for storage of goods,
&c.; this room should be on the cellar floor. In addi-
tion to theahove rooms the usual accommodations
for the janitor of the building. - ;
United Slates Circuit Couit.— Court-roorp, clerk's
offices, and judge's chambers. The clerk of the cir-
cuit court will require, for the proper transaction of
tho business of his .office, three roomsof good size for
the accommodation of the clerk, deputy clerk, and
under clerks in the office, and two rooms to be fitted
up for the records. There should also be room's ^pro-
vided for the circuit court and judge's chambers;
would prefer to have them as near the ground floor
as possible.
United States District Court.—Court-room, clerk's
offices, and judge's chambers. Theclork of the United
States district courts for the southern district will
need in the new building, for the proper transaction
of the business of his office, one room for the clerk;
one room for tho deputy clerk; three rooms for the
under clerks and tho books and papers in constant
use; one very large room for the records and papers
in suits.that havebeen closed; one large room for the
United States commissioner^ to hold their examina-
tions in, as they are officers of court.. , '
These rooms shoulfl connect with eaeh' other and
should be on the safeie floor as the court-room. , I
desire particularly to press upon the committer the
importance of expedition in the provision of accom-
modations as above described. The buildingnowoc-
eupied by thejudicial branch of the publicserviee at
No. 41 Chambers street has lately changed ownership,
as I am credibly informed, and on the 1st of May next
I presume new quarters for tho transaction of the
public business pertaining to theUnitedStates Courts
will be required.. Where these quarters can now be
obtained I am at a loss to say. It is very clear they
must be had at whatever cost somewhere, and I men-
tion the matter that the committee may know the
urgency of the matters in their charge.
Respectfully, SAMUEL G. COURTNEY,
United States District Attorney.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts will yield to me for a moment;.
I find no mention in this report in regard to the
premises now occupied as .a post office in the
city of New York. I should like to'have a plain
understanding of this question. What is pro-
posed to be done with tnat property? It is very
valuable, and before acting on this joint reso-
lution it should be known what we propose to
do with that property.
Mr. ALLBY.^ I will say, for the information
of the gentleman from New York, that the mat-
ter was before the committee, $nd it wasthoug&t
best to recompaend no action at the present
time inasmuch as the property will have to be
occupied until the new building is erected. It
is supposed that that site will bring $350,000,
which, will go far toward the purchase/t)'f the
other site. It was not thought' advisable to
dispose of it at the present time.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask whether in this trans-
fer of property any contract, direct or implied,
has been made to convey at any time the title
to the property now occupied as a post office in
the city of New York? 1 can well understand
that this matter should not be delayed, but I
should like to know before wVt&k£ final Action
whether there is any understanding'of any char-
acter whatever for a transfer Or sale of the post
office property in the eity of New York.
Mr. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman.
There is no understanding, actual or implied,
in reference to that whatever. I think the
committee 'were unanimous that no action
should be'taken upon the subject whatever at
present; It was stated incidentally that the]
property would bring $550,000. '' ~
