370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. CHANLER. I will state why I asked
the question. It is currently understood the
property now held as a post office- is to be
transferred to certain corporations, known as
the Chamber of Commerce and Merchants'
Exchange, for the erection of a suitable building
for their convenience. Instead of this property
being sold to the highest bidder and transferred,
as it should be, to the, advantage of this Gov-
ernment, it is likely to be passed over to certain
parties who may or may not be directly inter-
ested in the present sale. I do not make any
charge; I only say that I heard this directly
from good authority.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say to the gentleman
that I have got no information whatever from
any source in regard to that fact except from
the gentleman himself. He will recollect that
he told me yesterday he had heard of such a
rumor. I told him then that I had heard noth-
ing of the kind, neither did I believe there was
any such understanding. If there was, it cer-
tainly would not be carried into efleet- without
a special act of Congress. Inasmuch as the
Government owns the property, it cannot be
transferred to any party except by special act
of Congress, and in such manner as Congress
shall direct. And it is not proposed by the
committee or anybody else to take any action
at present in reference to that matter.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, this matter of
a post office in the city of New York is one of
national interest. It is not merely a post office
for the accommodation of citizens of New
York, but for the benefit of the entire coun-
try. The building now occupied is the old
Dutch church transformed into a post office,
and is one of the most inconvenient places for
such a purpose that can possibly be conceived
in a city of the magnitude of New York. The
vast increase of business in that city demands
that there should be a post office of a magni-
tude sufficient to do the business rapidly, con-
veniently, and economically in the city of New
York.
Only a few years ago we had our mails from
Europe once a month by steamers. When
they came tri-monthly we felt that it was a
great increase. We now have our steamers
almost daily from various parts of Europe,
and I noticed that on Saturday last there were
twelve large steamships cleared from the city
of New York, each of them carrying the mail.
The mail matter within the last ten years in
the city of New York has increased from thirty
to one hundred tons daily.
The property now offered by the corporation
of New York to the United States Government
for a post office andforthe United States courts,
at the nominal sum of $500,000, would sell at
public auction to-morrow for from three to five
million dollars. It is an opportunity such as
the Government can seldom obtain. It is the
most feasible, the most eligible spot in the city
of New York for a post office, and although
there is great objection to usitig a portion of
our public park for a post office, yet such is
the necessity and such the desire to accommo-
date the United States Government that the
corporation has yielded a plot of ground at the
lower end of the public park equal to twenty-
six lots for that purpose. It is such a favor-
able opportunity that I trust the House will see
the importance of embracing it so as to secure
a post office in the most convenient and eligi-
ble position at a mere nominal price.
Mr. ALLEY. If no other gentleman desires
to say anything  
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to ask a ques-
tioii. I see by the resolution that the purpose
is to make the mayor of the city of New York,
the postmaster, and the district attorney mem-
bers of this commission. I would like to know
whether my colleague thinks it is a wise pro-
vision to appoint on this commission men
wholly irresponsible except in the most indi-
rect way.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say that a majority of
the commission occupy official position, and
the outsiders are well known to be of the very
highest standing. This was the original com-
mission, and it is but just to say that they have
performed the duties gratuitously with entire
satisfaction to all parties, and that upon this
commission are certainly some as ardent Re-
publicans as my colleague himself.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I must inform my col-
league that when he names certain persons
officially the designation does not necessarily
indicate their politics. To leave a public in-
terest in the hands of the mayor of the city of
New York without knowing who he may be—
I dare say the present mayor is a responsible
man—is, in my opinion, very unwise. And if
my colleague will allow me I will suggest still
further, that if it is the intention to put the
courts in this building, from what I know of
New York I can conceive of no worse place
than this. It may be well for the post office,
but not for the United States court. It is the
very worst place in the city of New York.
Mr. McRUER. I merely wish to say that
this committee is authorized only to prepare
and receive specifications and estimates and
submit the matter to the approval of Congress.
Mr. ALLEY. In answer to my colleague
[Mr. Boutwell] I will repeat the remark of
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. McRuer,]
that this resolution merely provides that this
commission, which serves gratuitously and is
composed of some of the best men in the coun-
try, shall procure a site and report to the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Postmaster Gen-
eral, who are to communicate the report, with
such suggestions as they may deem proper, to
Congress. That seems to me to be clothing
them with very little power; not enough, cer-
tainly, to excite anybody's fears.
Mr.WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Iwouldlike
to have the names of the commission read.
The Clerk read the names, as follows:
The mayor, the district attorney, the postmaster,
the president of the Chamber of Commerce, jackson
S. Schults, Charles H. Russell, and Moses Taylor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
add another name—a man I know to be an
konest man in New York. I move to add the
name of Charles H. Rogers.
Mr. RAYMOND. With regard to this com-
mission, it seems to me that its importance is
greatly overrated by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbcrne] as well as by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
All the commission will have to do under this
resolution will be to take, as a commission un-
der this Government, a title from the city to
this real estate. It has nothing whatever to do
beyond that. When Congress is asked to make
an appropriation for the erection of buildings
it will then be quite competent for the gentle-
man from Illinois to furnish us, as I trust he
may be able to do, with the names of honest
men in New York to superintend that work.
The names of these men were put in because
it was thought fit and proper that official men,
men having official responsibilities and hold-
ing official relations to the State of New York,
should have something to say about the dis-
position of this question. I believe that no
objection has been made to any one of these
gentlemen, and that no suspicion ever has been
cast on the integrity of any man included in
the commission. Who may be the future mayor,
or postmaster, or district attorney of New York
depends upon circumstances over which we here
can exercise no control.
I have no objection, certainly, to the gentle-
man named by the gentleman from Illinois;
but I presume that each of us could name a
man, if we desired to do so, who should have
connection with this business. I see no sort
of utility in his amendment, and no use in mak-
ing any change in the bill as reported by the
committee. An amendment would make it
necessary to send the bill back to the Senate,
and may cause delay. I think I may say that
no member of the House who has been in New
York and has made a personal inspection of
the accommodations for the postoffice and the
United States courts there but will say that it
is a disgrace to the Government. It has been
a disgrace to the Government for the last ton
years that they are served in buildings that
would be discreditable to any town of respect-
able size on the continent. I am glad that
there is at last a prospect of having buildings
there in which the public business can be
properly performed. The United States courts
are now accommodated in a building on Cham-
bers street, which was formerly a theater, at a
rent of $22,000 a year. The United States
courts, representing the judicial dignity of this
Government in that district, are accommo-
dated as no man here would want to be accom-
modated in the discharge of his own private
business. Let us pass this bill at once, with as
little delay or provision for delay as possible.
_ Mr. ALLEY. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon Mr.
Washburne's amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Le Blond,
and Washbuiine of Illinois, were appointed.
The, House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
message from the president.
Several messages in writing, from the Presi-
dent of the United States, were communicated
to the House by Mr. Robert Johnson, his Pri-
vate Secretary.
widow of jacob harmon.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that Senate bill No.
454, for the relief of the widow of Jacob Har-
mon, be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
widow of henry fry.
Mr. MAYNARD also moved that Senate
bill No. 455, for the relief of the widow of
Henry Fry, be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred.
No objection was made-; and the bill was
accordingly read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
william a. and jacob m. hinshaw.
Mr. MAYNARD also moved that Senate
bill No. 476, for the relief of William A. Hin-
shaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor children
of Jacob M. Hinshaw,-deceased, be taken from
the Speaker's table and referred.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
national safe deposit company.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported back with amend-
ments, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, Senate bill No. 177, to incorporate
the National Safe Deposit Company, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass.
The amendments were as follows;
Insert the word "special" before the word "de-
posit" in the third line of section five; so that tbo
same -will read "to roccivo and keep on special de-
posit," &c.
In line eighteon of the same section strike out the
words "funds of" and insert in lieu thereof tho
words "other funds belonging to;"so as to read
"and also to invest the capital or other funds be-
longing to the said company," &c.
In lines nineteen and twenty of the same section
strike out the words " orsuch money or funds as may
be deposited with said company for that purpose."
Add to section eight the following" nor be deemed
to authorize the said corporation to pay interest on
