1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tailment of the currency, and against requiring na-
tional banks to redeem their circulation in the city
of New York.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, Illinois, and Attchigan, for a survey and
estimate of the cost of making a suitable harbor at
the mouth of Mpnomonee river.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Malcom Camp-
hell, Albert Nuart, JosepnHeald, M.Fannan, Duane
Thompson, E. C. Dicey, and 113 others, citizens of
White River. Michigan, protesting against the cur-
tailment of national currency and the redemption ot
notes in New York. TT _ , ,,
By Mr.PXNCK: The petition of Wiley II. Beckett,
and others, praying for the establishment of a mail
routefromColumbus,Ohio%toI3eckett'sStore,m Pick-
away county, in the same State. ^^
By Mr. GARFIELD- The memorial of Jesse Bald-
win, of Youngstown, Ohio, praying for the repeal 91
the law which makes paper money a legal tender m
payment of dobts. _
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition for
mail route from Rock Island to Sterling. Illinois.
By Mr. KKT01IAM: The petition of R. C. Jones,
for additional pay.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The memorial of J. Owen,
And others, citizens of Detroit, Michigan, asking that
some proper expression on the part of Congress bo
made in behalf of Captain McKay, and his comrades
of the steamboat City of Cleveland, for meritorious
services in saving the lives of the crew of revenue
steam-tug Winslow, on the night of October 7, 18(54;
and for compensation for'losses incurred in such ser-
vice.
By Mr. LYNCII: The petition of William C. IIowc,
and others, asking an equalization of tax on incomes.
By Mr. MOltlUS: Concurrent resolutions passed
by the Legislatuie of the State of New Yoik request-
ing the Senators and Representatives of said State to
sustain the passage of such a law as shall aid in the
construction and completion of the Northern Pacific
railway.
By Mr. RAYMOND: Three several memorials from
John (J. Greon, William II. Aspinwall, Oliver Char-
lick, Thurlow Weed, Phelps, Dodge & Co., John J.
Cisco, anil others, citizens of New York, remonstrating
against any action looking toward tho impeachment
of the President, and playing lor tho adoption of
mon'-uroH that will promote tho peace and prosperity
ofthe Union.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho memorial
and resolvc> of tiie Boston Board of Trade, against
any chango in the laws regulating tho eurroncy and
national banks.
By Mr. SCUKNCK: The memorial of Vice Admi-
ral Cartor, praying that Congress will afford relief to
the widow and children of D, C. Heap, lato pay-
master United States Army.
By Mr. SOOFIELD: The petition of citizens of
Farmington, Pennsylvania, praying for tho impeach-
ment of the President.
Also, the petition of citizensof Farmington,Penn-
sylvania, in favor of universal suffrage.
By Air. WKLKEll: The petition of Daniel E.
Foote, and l2o others, citizens of La Fayette township,
Medina, county, Ohio, asking for tho passage of tho
taiiff bill <if l:i«t session °f Congress.
Also, the petition of 0. S. Burt, and 120 others, cit-
izens of ({ranger township, in Medina county, Ohio,
ou the same subject.
IN SENATE.
Moxjhy, February 1 1, 1807.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The muling of the Journal of Saturday last
was dispensed with, by unanimous consent, at
tho suggestion of Mr. Chandler.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The 1'HESIDENT pro tempore laid before
tho Senate an attested copy of the resolutions
of tho Legislature of Ohio ratifying the amend-
ment to tho Constitution of the United States,
proposing an additional article to be known
as article fourteen ; which were ordered to lie
upon the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POLAND presented tho petition of A.
P. Childs and others, temporary clerks in the
Quartermaster General's ollice, praying that
their pay be increased to equal that of first-
class clerks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
^ He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Vermont, remonstiating against the passage
of any act authorizing the curtailment of the
national currency, or having in view tho return
within a limited time to specie payments, and
against compelling all national banks to redeem
their notes in New York, or prohibiting them
from paying or receiving interest on bank
balances ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
Joseph Nock, praying for the restoration of the
sixth section of the act entitled "An act in
addition to an act to promote the progress of
the useful arts, and to repeal acts and parts of
aets heretofore made for that purpose," ap-
proved August 29, 1842, which requires all
patentees and assignees of patents to stamp,
engrave, or cause to be stamped or engraved
on each article vended or offered for sale the
date of the patent repealed by act of March 2,
1861; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Ohio, ratifying the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed to the several States by a joint reso-
lution of tho two Houses of Congress passed on
the 18th day of June, 18G6, to be denominated
article fourteen of amendments to the Consti-
tution ofthe United States; which were ordered
to lie upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Henry Home, praying for compensation for
money advanced for the purchase of supplies
for the use of the Union prisoners at Ander-
sonville, Georgia; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CATTELL presented the memorial of
Joshua H. Buttenvorth, praying for an exten-
sion for seven years of his patent for a bank and
safe lock; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition, numerously
signed by operatives and employes in the
manufacturing establishments of Philadelphia,
praying for a removal of the five per cent, tax
on goods and a drawback of three cents per
pound on cotton to be refunded to the manu-
facturer, and a tax on all articles of luxury not
produced in the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented seven petitions
of citizens of Kansas, praying for the estab-
lishment of a daily mail route from Troy to
Leavenworth, in that State, via Doniphan and
Atchison; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Robert Ford, praying for compensation for
services as a teamster in the United States
Army, and for services to Union prisoners in
Libby prison; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (II. R.
No. 209) for the relief of certain officers of
volunteers, to submit an adverse report. The
resolution provides that officers who were or-
dered to report to New York for the purpose
of being mustered as officers into the brigade
of General Ullman shall receive certain pay.
The committee report against the resolution
on the ground that at the last session a general
law was passed that would cover the case. I
move that the joint resolution be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the same
committee to report back the bill (H. R. No.
1136) to amend the act establishing the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteers. This
bill provides that any director, a member of
the board, who shall be elected to Congress
may serve out his term. The committee thought
it best not to change the general law to meet a
special case. They directed me, therefore, to
report adversely to this bill. I move its iiP
definite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 942) donating a portion
of the Fort Leavenworth military reservation
for the exclusive use of a public road;
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) for the relief of
the members of the twenty-first New York
cavalry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1141) to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of ground adjoining
the Allegheny arsenal, at Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1137) for the relief of
Oliver Lumphrey; and
A joint resolution (IT. B. No. 2C3) for the
purchase of David's Island, New York harbor.
He also from the same committee, to whom
was referred t^e petition of William T. Con-
nell, John Keplmger, and Isaac Conrad, private
soldiers who were enlisted into Captain Shail's
company of seventh West Virginia volunteers,
August 17, 1801, and were captured prior to
muster and held as prisoners till January 9,
1863, praying to be allowed the pay of privates
from August 17, 1801 until January 9, 1863,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) for
tho relief of certain enlisted men of the
seventh regiment of WestVirginia volunteers ;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILLEY. A few days since the bill
(S. No. 491) amendatory of the several aets
respecting copyrights, which came back from
the House of Representatives with a slight
amendment, was, inadvertently I suppose, re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. The bill originally came from
the joint Committee on the Library. I am
now directed by the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office to ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, and I move its refer-
ence to the joint Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to report adversely upon the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 272) fixing the pay of tho clerks
at the Springfield armory, and I move its
indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am also directed by the
same committee to report adversely upon the
bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of certain
drafted men. I move that this bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 161)
for the relief of Captain A. B. Dyer, submit-
ted an adverse report, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FOGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of 0. E.
Dreutzer, praying for compensation for ser-
vices rendered as consul at Bergen, in Norway,
reported a bill (S. No. 080) for the relief of
Orlaf E. Dreutzer, late consul of the United
States to the Kingdom of Norway; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 150) extending the time
for the completion of improvement of Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CRESWELL, from the Committee on
the Library, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Harriet G. Peale, Rosalba P. Under-
wood, and John H. Griseom, executors of the
estate of the late Rembrandt Peale, artist,
praying for an appropriation for the purchase
of Peale's painting, now in the rotunda, enti-
tled Washington before Yorktown, submitted
an adverse report, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by general eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 168) for the relief of Robert
Ford; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 587) to incorporate the Atlantic and Island
Wrecking Company; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
