1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
588) for the relief of William I-I. Webb; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 589) to amend an act entitled " An act to
incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute," and to define and extend the powers of
the same; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 590) granting jurisdiction to the Court of
Claims in a certain cause involving the right to
the use of a patent: which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
AMENDMENT OF THE CIVIL EIGHTS ACT.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution; and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to consider the expediency of an amendment
to the civil rights act extending its operations so that
where the residents of any State, being citizens of the
United States, are debancdirom any of the privi-
leges ot oitizons of such State, then all cases arising
out of any offense against anysueh resident, aiul also
ail cases between any such resident oil the ono part,
and any citizen of such State not debarred from any of
the privileges thereof on theotllcr pal t also shall be
heard and determined by the courts of the United
States, and not by the courts of the State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the consid-
eration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over.
PROVISIONAL OOVERNOUS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by mo on Saturday.
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire and report to the Senate whether
Audi ew Johnson, Vice President of tho United States,
and acting President, had any authority of law or
under the Constitution to appoint provisional gov-
eruois for the States lately in rebellion against the
Government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will tho Senate proceed to tho consid-
eration of this resolution?
Air. CHANDLER Mr. President, I look
upon this resolution as very important at this
time. If the. President of the United States
had no authority of law or under the Constitu-
tion to appoint provisional governors for the
Stales lately in rebellion, then all action under
those governors falls. There have been no
governments established over those States if
their inception itself was illegal. I desire that
the Committee on the Judiciary should make
an early report upon this point. It is due to
the President and it is due to the country that
it shall be settled, and settled at an early day.
I am not a lawyer, and am hardly competent
to decide for myself whether there was any
such authority.
We know, sir, that when Andrew Johnson,
through the bullet of J. Wilkes Booth, became
President of the United States, the rebels had
laid down their arms; -that all tho rebel States
were held by military power ; and under this
military power Andrew Johnson had a right
to appoint military governors, not only for every
one of tho States lately in rebellion, but for
every city, had he seen fit so to do. The laws
of war are as well understood as written con-
stitutions or the laws of peace. They regulate
and govern and control all civilized nations.
•When Mr. Lincoln desired to create a govern-
ment in Tennessee he appointed Andrew John-
son a brigadier general in the Army of the
United States, and as Brigadier General An-
drew Johnson, of the Army of the United States,
he appointed him military governor of the State
of Tennessee. That he had a right to do as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
But, sir, it is another and a different thing
to appoint a provisional governor. I believe
that is an office unknown to the Constitution
or to the laws of our Government, an office
which, in my judgment, he had no authority to
create. Those governors were not sent before
us for confirmation ; nor would it have made
them any more governors if we had confirmed
them, because the Senate and Andrew John-
son together could not have created an office.
If there was no authority of law for it, then it
required the House of Representatives and the
Senate and Andrew Johnson united, having
first enacted a law creating the ollice, before
tho officer could be thus appointed.
Under the laws of war, as 1 have said, ho
had a right to hold these States by military
power and force. Those laws of war have been
changed from age to age. They are arbitrary.
They are simply the will of the conqueror.
Under the laws of war in ancient times pris-
oners of war were remorselessly put to death,
but those laws from age to age became modi-
fied. But, sir, as late as the year 18G0, and as
late as the month of July in the year 18GG, the
laws of war empowered the conqueror to levy
all the expensesofthe war upon the conquered.
When Prussia conquered Austria she not only
took from Austria what Provinces she desired,
but. she actually compelled Austria to pay thirty
million florins for the expenses of the war.
When Prussia annexed Fraiikfort-on-the-Main
she made Frankfort pay for the expense of
conquering her, in cdin. Under the laws of
war the conquered must submit to the will
of the conqueror ; and the United Slates had a
perfect right to make these rebels pay the
whole expense incurred by this Government
in putting down the rebellion under the laws
of war.
If Andrew Johnson, in violation of law, in
violation of the Constitution, and without au-
thority under the laws of war, has assumed
willfully a power that did not belong to him
but which belonged to Congress, then I do not
hesitate to say—and I say it with all delibera-
tion—that for that one act, and that alone,
Andrew Johnson should be impeached. I say
it as one of his judges. If he is guilty—I say
it understanding the force of what 1 say—for
this one act of usurpation, if it was without
authority of law, or under the Constitution, or
under the laws of war, then, sir, he should be
impeached. A judge on the bench has a right
to say, "If that mail is guilty of murder he
ought to be hanged ; if the other man is guilty
of horse stealing lie should be sent to the State's
prison.'' A judge lias a right to say that; and
I have a right to say that if Andrew Johnson is
guilty of this high usurpation of which he has
been charged, he ought to be impeached for
that ono act, and that alone.
But, Mr. President, there are oilier high
allegations made against Andrew Johnson,
acting President of tho United States. It is
alleged—I.know not whether the allegation be
true or false, but it is alleged—that Andrew
Johnson delivered over properly seized from
rebels, the railroad rolling-stock throughout
the South, without authority of law, to those
lebel railroad organizations It is alleged
again that the railroad rolling-stock that was
sent from the North to the South, amounting
to many million dollars, was, without author-
ity of law and in violation of law, and by the
express orders of Andrew Johnson, sold on a
credit to those rebel railroad organizations.
If this allegation be true, then I say Andrew
Johnson had as much right to put his hand
into the Treasury of the United States and
take out so many million dollars as lie had to
sell that rolling-stock to those rebel railroads
on a credit, and for that act of usurpation, I
say, if he bo guilty, lie should be impeached
and removed.
Sir, this is a Government of law, and the
President is tho mere Executive to carry out
the law. It is his sworn duty to obey and
execute the law, and if he fails in that duty lie
is amenable to the law the same as any other
individual in the United States.
It is alleged again, I know not whether the
allegation be true or false, but it i's alleged
that Andrew Johnson, without authority of 1
law, and in violation of law ordered the col-
lection of the direct tax levied upon the rebel
States to be stopped. I know not whether
this be true or false. The allegation is made,
and if it be true that in violation of law and
against law ho ordered this thing done, then
for that act Andrew Johnson should be im-
peached and removed.
It is likewise alleged that Andrew Johnson
has acted in direct violation of the provision of
the Constitution which says:
"Ho [tho President! shall have power, by and
with tho advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators present
concur; and ho shall nominate, and by and with tho
advice and consent of tho Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of tho Supremo Court, and all other officers of the
United States whoso appointments arc not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law."
The Constitution has appointed his advisers.
The Senate of the United States must advise
as well as consent. The Constitution so de-
clares. It is alleged that in direct violation
of this clause of the Constitution he not only
has not advised with the Senate, but he has
appointed men deliberately who have been
rejected by tho Senate. I know it will be
claimed that this has been done before, and
that for it ho has a precedent. It is true that
in two or three instances General Jackson did
reappoint, men who had once been rejected by
the Senate, and I do not hesitate to say that
for that act of usurpation General Jackson
should have been impeached by the Congress
of the United States.
But, sir, I will pass that over and come to
another allegation that is yet more startling.
It is alleged—1 know not whether it be true or
false—but it is alleged that Andrew Johnson
made appointments during the reccss of the
Senate by removing the incumbents, and dur-
ing the late long session of Congress did not
send their names to the Senate at all, but oil
the adjournment of the Senate, without con-
sulting the Senate, and in direct violation of
the Constitution and of his oath of office, re-
appointed those men, never having sent their
names to the Senate at all. 1 know not whether
that allegation bo true or false ; but if it bo
true I say Andrew Johnson should be im-
peached for that one act and that alone. Sir,
if the Congress of the United States permit
such a violation of the Constitution as that to
go unpunished the Congress of tho United
States should never meet again. The English
Parliament for hundreds of years has watched
with zealous and jealous care all encroachment
of the kingly power upon the Constitution of
England, liad any British minister been guilty
of any one of the acts which are alleged to
have been committed by Andrew Johnson lie
would have been impeached for any one of
them.
Mr. Piesident, much has been said both in
this body and before the people of the country
about the plan of the President. I should like
to ask any member of this body what right the
President has to have a plan outside of the
laws of Congress. The President has a right
to advise Congress what plan it shall adopt;
so has every individual in the United States
the same right. If Congress sees fit to adopt
the plan of the President, well and good ; it
becomes the plan of tho nation; and if Con-
gress sees fit to adopt the plan of John Jones,
who by petition advises Congress to adopt it,
then John Jones's plan becomes the plan of the
Government. But, sir, if Congress declines to
accept the plan of John Jones or of Andrew
Johnson, (it is perfectly immaterial which.)
then the plan falls to the ground; and John
Jones has the same right to proclaim to the m -
tion that his plan is to be carried out as Andre iv
Johnson has that his plan is to be carried out:
they have been both rejected by the law-making
power. Sir, I have heard enough of this pres-
idential plan. What right has Andrew John-
son to a plan that has been rejected by Con-
gress? He has no more right, than my horse.
The plan has been rejected ; it is ended, and I
want to hear no more of the President s plan.
