1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
thing that the Indians cannot read our frantic
speeches. If they could possibly get access to
them I have no doubt they would make war
from the British line to the southern border.
They would give the Indian an immense im-
pression, first of his rights and next of his
power.
Now, Mr. President, in my opinion our
great mistake in dealing with the Indians has
been in instituting this whole system of treaties,
in recognizing their jurisdiction. In what part
of the United States was that policy never fol-
lowed? On the Pacific slope. It was not
because there are not Indians there, but no
right to the soil was ever recognized in the
Indians of the Pacific slope; and the conse-
quence is that less trouble has been had with
them there than with Indians in any other part
of the Union. The Government of the Uni-
ted States elsewhere has recognized their right
to the soil, and then we have treaties with them.
We bring flocks of chiefs here dressed in tog-
gery,'painted and feathered up, and commit-
tees lead them around and treaties are made
with them. These treaties are made here in
this body and considered when half a dozen
Senators are present, and these great chiefs,
with unpronounceable names—" Hole-in-the-
day:' and something else—are manufactured
into immense creatures.
Mr. President, the fact is that we have done
too much of this business. I would give more
for one of General Sherman's orders in dealing
with the Indians than I would for all the trea-
ties that the honorable Senator has ever made;
and all the treaties the honorable Senator has
made in the last ten years would fill a great
many books. It is time to substitute orders
for treaties; and the idea of sending out a com-
mission of this kind, composed of two civilians
and four military officers, is ridiculous. I
should like to know whether it was intended
that they should be dressed in some kind of
toggery. The Indians, when they saw General
Grant the other day, I am told were not im-
pressed with his greatness; because, while they
were feathered and painted up, the General
was a very simple looking man. I think we
have acted ridiculously on this subject long
enough.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not know that I
understood the Senator from Wisconsin cor-
rectly. Did I understand him to say that
whenever we opened a military road or a road
of any kind through the Indian country where
we had not acquired the title we made war on
the Indians?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we open a road
through their country without their consent.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Have we acquired the
title to the line of the Pacific railroad?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Most of the way has
been acquired by treaty.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Since the building of
the road, I expect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One of the provisions
of the railroad bill is that we shall extinguish
the Indian title as we go on with the building
of the road.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. We have not done it, I
apprehend. I agree with the Senator from
California; I cannot admit that our right to
cross the continent depends on a tribe of In-
dians. Are we to be driven from crossing all
this immense plain because of the imaginary
rights of a roving baud of Indians, where there
is not one Indian to a hundred thousand acres
of land? Are we to be kept from crossing it
by a railroad, by a military road, or otherwise, i
unless they choose to give us leave ? I do not
believe any such thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I concede we have
power to drive them off.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. No; we have the right
to go through. It is our land if the Pacific
coast belongs to the United States of America.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wo have the right to
buy the lands of the Indians, and not to allow
them to sell them to England or any other
country; but we do not own the land until
we extinguish the Indian title.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. We have the right to
go over it. We have the right to go to Mon-
tana ; we have the right to go to Idaho ; we
have the right to go to California and to Nevada;
and if in going there we cross land that we
have not bought from the Indians we do not
make war upon them in my judgment. If we
pass over the roads thus made peacefully and
quietly, doing them no harm, they have no
right to complain ; and when we establish the
principle that they have a right to complain,
that in passing over this land belonging to us
we are making war upon them, we are giving
them a degree of importance that I think they
are not entitled to, and we are diminishing
our own importance in connection with them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that this
commission has not yet gone, and no expenses
have been incurred. I am opposed to the
appropriation. The Army can investigate this
matter in the proper trial of the man who is
guilty.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to present
this amendment, to come in after line three
hundred and eighty, on page 17:
For payment to the Choctaw nation and tribe of
Indianson account ofthcir claim under the eloventh
and twelfth articles of the treaty with said nation,
made on tho 22d of June, 1855, the sum of $250,000:
Provided, That in thofuturo adjustmentof the claim
of the Choctaws under tho treaty aforesaid tUe said
sum shall be charged against the Indians.
This amendment involves the claims due the
Choctaws. It is a very important- matter.
There is a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior on the subject that I propose to have
read, so that the Senate may be informed about
it. The Senate will see from the reading of
the letter that there is anyhow a legal case
made out against the Government for upward
of $2,000,000. I do not wish to startle the
Senate by any proposition of this sort; especi-
ally do I not wish to do so at this late hour of
the night, and Saturday night at that. I am
instructed by the committee to offer the amend-
ment or I would not present it. If it were left
to my judgment I should not present it at this
late hour of the night, especially when there is
a desire to get through with the bill. I have
been compelled to occupy a good deal of the
time of the Senate, and I do not desire to be
troublesome; but the Committee on Indian
Affairs, a majority of whom are absent, have
instructed me to report an amendment appro-
priating $250,000 on account of these claims,
in the language that has been read. I send
the communication of the Secretary of the In-
terior to the tabte to be read to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word
before the communication is read. If we are
to go into the old controversy about the Choc-
taw claims, which amount to $2,000,000, I do
not wish to do it without a full quorum and a
long discussion. This is a very complicated
and troublesome claim, carrying out a recent
treaty ratified at the last session.
Mr. HENDERSON. The treaty of 1855.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the date of the
old treaty, but there is a treaty which we rati-
fied at the last session on the same subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will find
that if the olaim exists at all it is under the
treaty of 1855. My view of the question was
that, inasmuch as the Choctaws had very largely
entered into the rebellion against the Govern-
ment, or rather into the war against the Gov-
ernment—for they are regarded as an inde-
pendent nation—they had lost all rights to
their annuities, and lost all right to any claim j
they might have against the Government. The
Government might very well have declared
after the war that they had lost their rights ;
but the treaty of 1865 restored to them the |
right that might have been supposed to be
lost. It has certainly restored them now to all ,
the right they had under the treaty of 1855.
There had never been any declaration by the
Government that their rights were forfeited,
that any right whatever was forfeited. There
was no law of Congress on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has stated
the case pretty much as I did. This old claim
arises now under the treaty ratified at the last
session of Congress. The Choctaws entered
into the rebellion, and last year this treaty was
made and ratified, no doubt after ample con-
sideration by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
but without much consideration by the Senate.
This claim was presented at this session to the
Committee on Appropriations in the House of
Representatives, was examined by them, and
they refused to insert it in the bill. The same
papers were presented to the Committee on
Finance, and they, finding the magnitude of
the claim, finding that the language of the
recent treaty might probably involve us and
renew all the old claims of the Choctaws, re-
store them to their old relations, revive all of
thte old claims, although one half the Choctaw
tribe has been destroyed by war, felt disposed
to examine into it, but had not time. I think
now that this subject ought not to be at any
time put in an appropriation bill. If an ap-
propriation of money is asked for these Indians
to carry into effect the treaty, it should be by
a separate bill, which we may consider and
debate and discuss. It ought not to be attached
as an addendum to an appropriation bill. That
was the view the Finance Committee took of
it unanimously. I hope the Senate will con-
cur in that view and reject the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that the amend-
ment will not be considered at this time. I
am certainly opposed to it. I recollect when
this treaty was pending I came very near bring-
ing down the indignation of the Senate upon me
for calling for the yeas and nays and trying to
give consideration to it. The whole Senate was
going to get mad with me if I insisted on hav-
ing the thing investigated. I told them that I
wanted to rake the whole thing up; that the
result of the treaty would be that we should be
liable for a large amount of money. I came
very near being driven by force of public opin-
ion out of the Senate Chamber for insisting
for the yeas and nays upon the treaty. Sen-
ators said the day was hot and that it was an
outrage to keep them here in executive session
with the doors closed to consider it.
Mr. CONNESS. You are out of order; you
are telling what took place in executive ses-
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I protested against it, but
the Senate ratified the treaty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there is an obliga-
tion upon the Government, we might just as
well meet it. I understand this claim has its
origin in the sale of the Choctaw lands to the
Government at twelve and a half cents an
acre—lands which the Government has since
sold at $1 25 an acre ; and the treaty made at
the last session recognized the claim as having
its origin in the treaty of 1855. If that be the
state of the case, I do not think it is a debata-
ble question. If we are going to observe our
treaties, it need not be made a disputed thing.
I think the appropriation ought to be now a
reasonable proportion of the amount of the
debt. I do not think $250,000 is too much;
probably it ought to be a larger sum.
Mr. IvIRKW OOD. Make it a million.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does not make any
diSference with me whether it is one million or
two millions, if we have their lands and agreed
to pay them for them. I do not believe in this
doctrine of the Government taking Indian
lands and not paying for them. It has been
that sort of hesitation that has involved this
Government in a good many troubles with the
Indians. Congress ought to live up to a bar-
gain, fair and square, with the Indians. I did
not have anything to do with this treaty; did
not know much about it.
Mr. WILSON. Did we not make a good
bargain ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. When we bought the
land at twelve and a half cents per acre I sup-
pose it was regarded as a good bargain. If
we sold it at $1 25 per acre we made a good
deal of money. Under the treaty of last year
we agreed to forgive the Indians about the
