1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mi
deposits of money, securities, or any other property
deposited with it; and this corporation shall be
confined to the District of Columbia."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. For the
information of the House, I would state that
the object of all these amendments is to pre-
vent this corporation froni becoming by any
possibility a trust or banking company, and
to confine its operations to the simple business
of safe keeping of articles of value that may
be intrusted to it.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mother of charles o. kowohl.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of the
mother of Charles O. Rowohl; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
charles t. martin.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Charles T. Martin,
of Tennessee ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
contracts for firearms.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House what contracts for fire-
arms, rifles, carbines, and pistols have been made
since April 5,1864; with whom contracted, and the
price paid for each arm; whether any contract for
arms has been extended or renewed, and if so, with
whom, for what length of time, and for what num-
ber ; whether there has been an increase of price
upon any original contract for arms, or upon any ex-
tension or renewal, and if so, for what amount and
to whom given; whether any contract for arms has
been sub-let by the contractor, and if so, upon what
conditions.
bounties and lost discharges.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make a state-
ment to and arequestof the House. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs are prepared to re-
port at a very early day a bill upon the subject
of bounties and the lost discharges of soldiers,
providing for the admission ot testimony in
relation to the loss. It will probably be a long
time before the committee is regularly called,
and I therefore ask the House to grant leave
to the committee to report that bill at any time;
not now, but at any time hereafter, after the
expiration of the morning hour.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
withdrawal of pal'kus.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I ask leave for the with-
drawal of the memorial of John H. Hamlin,
presented at the last session and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
murder of federal soldiers.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States;
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report from ihe Secre-
tary of War, and the accompanying papers, in
reply to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 13th ultimo, requesting copies
of all official documents, orders, letters, and
papers of every description relative to the trial,
by a military commission, and conviction of
Crawford Keys, and others, for the murder of
Emory Smith and others, and to the respite of
the sentence in the case of said Crawford Keys
or either of his associates, their transfer to Fort
Delaware, and subsequent release upon a writ
of habeas corpus.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 8, 1867.
The message, with the accompanying papers,
was ordered to be printed, ana on motion of
Mr. Farnswortii, was referred to the select
committee on the murder of Federal soldiers
in South Carolina.
naval service for state department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a communication of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 19th ultimo, request-
ing a statement of the amounts charged the
State Department since May 1, 1865, for ser-
vices rendered by naval vessels.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 9, 1867.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
pardons.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Home of Representatives:
I transmit the accompanying report from the
Attorney General, as a partial reply to the res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the
10th ultimo, requesting " a list of names of all
persons engaged in the late rebellion against
the United States Government who have been
pardoned by him from April 15, 1865, to this
date; that said list shall also state the rank of
each person who has been so pardoned, if he
has been engaged in the military service of the
so-called confederate government, and the posi-
tion if he shall have held any civil office under
said so-called confederate government, and
shall also further state whether such person
has at any time prior to April 14, 1861, held
any office under the United States Govern-
ment, and if so, what office, together with the
reasons for granting such pardons; and also
the names of the person or persons at whose
solicitation such pardon was granted.''
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 8, 1867.
The message and accompanying documents
were, on motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
increased pay of civil employes.
The House, agreeably to order, proceeded
to the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 224) giving additional compen-
sation to certain employes in the civil service
at Washington.
The joint resolution provides that there shall
be allowed and paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
following described persons employed in the
civil service {it Washington, namely : to clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborers, and all
the civil employes whose pay or salaries do not
exceed the sum of ยง3,500 each, as fixed by law
prior to June SO, 18i>4, and including tem-
porary clerks and female clerks in the Depart-
ment of State, and in the Treasury, War. Navy,
Interior, Post Office, and Agricultural Depart-
ments ; in the office of the Attorney General,
Coast Survey, Naval Observatory, navy-yard,
Paymaster General; Bureau ofRefugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands: city post office;
enlisted men serving as clerks in the Adjutant
General's office, and detectives of the Metro-
politan police, an additional compensation of
twenty per cent, on their respective salaries or
pay for one year from and alter the 30th day
of June, 1860. It is provided that the addi-
tional compensation to the employes of the
Patent Office shall be paid out of the funds of
that office, and that where the salary or pay
of any person entitled to receive additional
compensation under this resolution has been
increased by law since the date of June 30,
186-1, or where such person may have received
additional compensation through the action of
any head of any Department from funds placed
by law in his hands for distribution, such per-
son shall be entitled to receive only so much as
will make the whole sum received as additional
compensation equal to twenty per cent, oa his
salary or pay as aforesaid. It is further pro-
vided that this resolution shall apply only to
such persons as may be in service at the time
of its passage, and who were in the civil ser-
vice at Washington during the -whole of the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1866.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have agreed on certain amend-
ments which have been embodied in the fol-
lowing, which I offer as a substitute for the
joint resolution:
That there shall be allowed and paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to ihe following-described persons employed in the
civil service at Washington, namely: to clerks, mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers, and all the civil
employes whose pay or salaries do not exceed the sum
of S3,500 each, as fixed by law prior to June 30,1804,
and including temporary clerks and female clerks in
the Department of State, and in the Treasury, War,
Navy, Interior, Post Office, and Agricultural Depart-
ments, in the office of the Attorney General, Coast
Survey, Naval Observatory, navy-yard. Paymaster
General, including the division of referred claims,
office of Commissary General of Prisoners, Bureau
of Refugees, JVeedmen, and Abandoned Lands, in
the office at the Capitol extension, city post office,
enlisted men of the Army, Navy, or general service
of the United States serving as clerks, messengers,
watchmen, or laborers in any bureau of the War
Department, lamplighters under Commissioner of
Public Buildings, and detectives of the Metropolitan
police, an additional compensation of twenty per
cent, on their respective salaries or pay for one
year from and after the 30th day of June, 1866; Pro-
vided, That the above-named additional compen-
sation to the employes of the Patent Office be paid
out of the funds of said office, and that where the
salary or pay of any person entitled to receive addi-
tional compensation under this resolution has been
increased by law since the date of June 30,1864,
aforesaid, except those clerks in the office of the
Quartermaster General whose pay was equalized
with that of first-class clerks by act of July, 1866, or
where such person may have received during the cur-
rcntfiscal year additional compensation through the
action of any head of any Department from funds
pi aced bylaw in his hands for distribution, sucb person
shall be entitled to receive only so nrach as will make
the whole sum received as additional compensation
equal to twenty^ per cent, on his salary or pay as
aforesaid; Provided further. That such additional
compensation shall be held to apply to all female
clerks or employes in any bureau or division in the
Treasury Department whose compensation does not
exceed sixty dollars permonth: -4 nd provided further,
That this resolution shall apply only to such persons
as may bo in service at the time of the passage of this
resolution.
Mr. KASSON. I ask why the gentleman
confines his last amendment to the Treasury
Department?
Mr. GARFIELD. There is an exceptional
class in the Treasury Department. The joint
resolution reaehes every other case of female
clerks.
Mr. KASSON. If there is equality in the
female clerks of all the Departments, I have no
objection; but wehave legislated once to estab-
lish that equality, and I do not want we shall
be compelled to do so again.
. Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question on the substitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me suggest an
amendment in reference to the clerks in the
quartermaster's department here.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is provided for.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not the clerks I
refer to. We have in Washington a large
office which is not a part of the War Depart-
ment at all. I desire to incorporate an amend-
ment that the clerks employed in the quarter-
master's department of the Army here shall
have a like increase. They are graded like
other clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD. That question belongs
to the Military Committee, and 1 cannot allow
it to come in upon a bill for the civil service.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot see why
it should not be allowed to come in as well as
others.
Mr. BANKS. Does the substitute extend
the increase to soldiers acting as clerks since
the 30th of June, 1865?
Mr. GARFIELD. It does.
The SPEAKER. It will facilitate action if
