.MffiioojmBissMM; GLOBE.
January 9,
U0,use! will consider the substitute, as-the
; original bill, - If the substitute-be now.adopted
•no- amendment Will be irt order. .
'GARFIELD., I agree .to that.
The SPEAKER. , It-will-.he so-considered,
; then. .
-o.-Mr. ALLISON. .ilu Iinfe..twenty-six of tlie
,substitute I.ttsaw&.tQ.strike out the .w.ord "pre-
.ending," .so 4%,-{will. ;read "the, current fiscal
•year."'. ..: m • .. ,
Mr. GARFIELD.' I will now inake a state-
ment of what the committee proposes, and
,whe,n- I .have concluded I will yield, to any
'leman who may wish tq ioake any siig-
.Mr. Allison's amendment w?s .agreed.to.
"Mr. GARFIELD. I will -first speak of the
joint resolution as it was originally printed
' fffid' presented to'the House before the amend-
ments were made, and then state what are the
amendments which the Committee of'Ways
and Means propose. I desire to say in th,e
.first place that this measure is not designed to
"supersede any plan for the, reorganization o.f
the various Departments of. the Government.
There are bills pending, which the committee
hope will be matur'ed'and presented,, by which
^Borne of .the ®xecutiv,e Departments will be
thoroughly reorganized. .If-that reorganization
had been made such a,bill as this might not
have been necessary; but in the absence of any
"such reorganization it is a matter of temporary
relief to a class of employes of the Govern-
ment who have suffered very greatly from fluc-
tuations of the currency and the advance in
the cost of living. It was proposed, as first
printed, to restrict the payment of the increase
granted by this bill to those persons who had
been in the civil service during the fiscal yeajr
ending the 30th of June, 1866,.and were still in
service. * That proposition was intended to help
"those persons who came into the service when
prices "were lower than they now are, and who
suffered from the fluctuations which really
changed the conditions of their engagement
with the Government. But it was found to cut
off many soldiers and sailors who were mus-
tered out of the service during the fall of 1865,
and mustered into general service or appointed
in the civil service, and who have been employed
in the several Departments since that time. We
were unwilling to do injustice to so large and
meritorious a class of persons, and the commit-
tee propose to strike out all after the word ' 'res-
olution" in line thirty-four, so that whatever is
paid as additional compensation to clerks, mes-
sengers, and other employes in the civil service
at Washington shall be paid to all who are now
in service.
In the next place, fearing that the language
of the printed bill was too general, the com-
mittee propose to insert in line fourteen, after
the words "Paymaster General" the words
"including the division of referred claims in
the office of the Commissary General of Pris-
oners."
There are two temporary divisions, depart-
ments perhaps not recognized directly by law,
but established to meet the necessities of the
service, which it was feared would not be covered
under the general term "War Department;"
and for abundant caution we propose to insert
the words " including the division of referred
claims, office of Commissary General of Pris-
oners." This is the first of the proposed
amendments as they stand in the resolution.
The second amendment is to insert after the
words "abandoned lands," in line fifteen, the
words "in the office at the Capitol extension,"
so as to include the clerks, employes, and
messengers in that department, who it was
thought would not be included in the general
terms of the resolution.
The third amendment is to insert after the
words "enlisted men," in line sixteen, the
words " of the Army, Navy, or general service
Of the United States," lest the language might
not be construed to include all these persons.
Perhaps all the members of the House may
not know that we have a elas3 of enlisted men
who do not properly belong either to the Artny
or Navy, but are enlisted in what is known' as
•the general service. They are wotfnded men
or .men disabled by sickness,' who are not fit to
enter the field,-and perhaps really not fit to go
into the Veteran Reserve corps—iinen who have
come out of the service somewhat disabled,
who have been enlisted on the.same.conditions
of pay thi^t soldiers 'are, and'are put in the
various Departments as clerks, irie'ssengers, or
laborers. There are also some solditers and
sailors detailed on similar duty. It was there-
fore thought better to mention them expressly
as eiuiste,dmen "of. the Army, Navy, or- gen-
eral service -of. thgUnrted States^'.
In the same line, afterithewqf4 "clerks,!'
the committee propose tp add the words "mes-
sengers, watchmen, or laborers;" far these
three, classes are employed in these various
Departments.
In the same line we propose to strike out the
words "Adjutant General's office,'' and inserkin
lieu thereof " any bureau of the War Depart-
ment, lamplighters under the Commissioner of
Public Buildings." We found that there were
soldiers employed in other bureaus of the War
Department who,should be included. We
found, "also, that there are six or seven per-
sons employed by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings as lamplighters who have not been
included in any law increasing pay. This com-
pensation is very small, and the committee
thought proper to name them in this connec-
tion.
The sixth amendment is to insert in line
twenty-six, after the word "aforesaid," the
words "except those clerks in the office of the
Quartermaster General whose pay was equal-
ized with that of first-class clerks by act of
July, 1866."
The reason -for this' amendment is, that this
:class of clerks ate an exceptional class ; men
who were in the Army, but who in 1866 were
•appointed, to serve at only seventy-five dollars a
month; and who are doing precisely the same
duty as first-class clerks who receive $1,200
per annum. They received from Congress
last session extra compensation enough to put
them on an equality with $1,200 clerks j but if
we say that this compensation allowed m this
resolution shall not apply to those who have
had their pay increased, these men would get
nothing while other $1,200 clerks would get
the increase. The amendment will remedy the
difficulty.
The seventh amendment is in line twenty-six,
after the word " received." In order to make
it more definite we add the words " during the
current fiscal year so as not to count any
additional pay they may have received in
former fiscal years.
The eighth amendment is to insert after the
word "aforesaid," in line thirty-two, a proviso
"that such additional compensation shall not
be held to apply to all female clerks or em-
ployes in any bureau or division in the Treas-
ury Department whose compensation does not
exceed sixty dollars per month.'' It is designed
to reach that class of female clerks who are
hired by the month or by the day and who have
not an annual salary fixed by law.
The ninth amendment I have already men-
tioned; it is to strike out the last paragraph
of the resolution, which limits the payment of
this additional salary to those who have been in
service since June, 1865. We strike it out in
order to include soldiers and other clerks who
have been appointed since that time.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will say a few words
on the general provisions of the resolution be-
fore submitting it for the action of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will allow
me to inquire if his bill does not contemplate
an increase of salaries of twenty per cent, to
all persons in the civil service whose salaries
are under $8,500.
Mr. GARFIELD. The increase extends to
all in the civil service' at Washington whose
salaries are less than $3,500.
Mr. MAYNARD. > I would ask the gentle-
man whether it is just' to make an exception in
favor of those in the civil service to the exclu-
sion "of those in the military and naval ser-
vice? * 1
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman, will re-
member that these persons who are'here as
clerks, messengers, and porters about .the War
Department are' in the civil service; what-
ever is done for those who are in the Army and
Navy proper should'be done by the Military
and Naval Committees. We are entirely will-
ing that justice shall be done to them, but we
do not want to encumber this resolution in ref-
erence to the civil service with that class of
cases.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say to the House
that this is not my resolution. It is offered by
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I de-
sire to say for the committee that they found
it exceedingly difficult to do anything like just-
ice to persons whom it concerns. It is the
uniform testimony of all who know the history
of the civil service here in Washington that a
very large number of most worthy persons in
the civil service at Washington are receiving
salaries by no means equivalent to the .value
of their services. The extravagant cost of
living here, and the depreciation of the cur-
rency, have so reduced the purchasing power
of the money they receive as scarcely to live
within their salaries. We recognize their claim
as strong and just, but we also find it the al-
most unanimous testimony of the heads of
Departments that a large number of clerks—
young men without families, just out of school
or older, who were never efficient, but who get
twelve, fourteen, or sixteen hundred dollars a
year—receive all they ought to receive and
more than they could get for similar services
in any other place in the United States.
To frame a measure that will pay increased
salary to those who deserve it and not pay it to
those who do not deserve it is, of course, a mat-
ter of the utmost difficulty. The policy adopted
during the last session of Congress was to- put
money in the hands of the heads of Depart-
ments and authorize them to distribute it to
such clerks as they deemed most deserving.
The sum of $250,000 was placed in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury at one time
and $160,000 at another, to be-distributed in
his Department. But that distribution has
given much dissatisfaction, whether justly so I
do not know. It is claimed by many that it
was distributed to favorites, to those who held
peculiar political views—that clerks favoring
the President's policy were patd while many
who favored the views of Congress were passed
by. Whether these allegations are true or not
I do not know; but I do know this, that that
mode of increasing salaiieshas given great dis-
satisfaction.
The committee thought best to limit the in-
crease to all those who receive less than $3,500
a year, believing that there will be a reorgan-
ization of the Departments under some of the
bills now pending which will more perfectly
provide for officer's of the various bureaus
whose salaries are $3,500 and more.
The question then arose whether we should
make this increase permanent or temporary.
Everybody hopes, or ought to, that at some
golden day, however far distant it may be, we
shall reach the solid basis of specie, which fact
will in itself be better than an increase of
twenty per cent. We thought it not best, there-
fore, to make a permanent increase which
•would after a few years be more than cither
economy or necessity would require.
It was therefore thought best to make tho
increase for the current fiscal year, and if the
necessity arises next year to do the same thing
again, rather than to fix a permanent, increase
of salaries to this large class of persons. t Now,
I have not a doubt that this resolution will give
a large sum of money to a large class of per-
sons who do not deserve it. But I am equally
satisfied that this is the only practicable way
by which we can pay those who do very much
deserve it. Therefore I think we must make
the increase apply to.all classes of clerks.
We have already paid about one third of a
million dollars out of the Treasury to various
