1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1813
the world, and especially the secret mode of
doing it. These treaties ought to be ratified
in open Senate and in full Senate. They
should be investigated fully. If we have in-
curred by means of one of these treaties an
obligation of'this character, it is time Congress
should investigate it. But the mode of ratifying
these treaties should be changed; they should
be acted upon in full Senate and in open Sen-
ate. Indeed, we should alter our whole method
of dealing with the Indians. They are not
nations to be treated with.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if there is any question that this treaty was at
the last session ratified ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly it was ratified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then what question is
there about the ratification in secret or open
session?
Mr. STEWART. I say I am opposed to
going further than that treaty does to allowing
anything more. P thought that treaty was
wrong; but if it does not in express terms
include this claim, if this appropriation is not
necessary to carry out the express terms of
that treaty, I say there is no treaty obligation
behind that to which this Government ought
to be held for an hour. These Indians for-
feited all their treaty rights by going to war
with the Government of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs if he
can tell me how this letter, this communication
from the Interior Department, originated; what
gave rise to it; at whose demand it was writ-
ten? I see it is addressed to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, Mr.
Stevens, of the House of Representatives;
but who instigated the letter; at whose instance
was it presented to Congress?
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot state. A
copy of the letter was sent to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Fessenden.]
His copy was first put into my hands by the
Senator from Ohio, as all the papers connected
with this bill were. It is the usual course to
send first to that committee letters of the See-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs asking for additional appro-
priations. A copy of the letter to the Senator
from Maine was placed in my hands after that
committee had rejected the proposition. I
bel^ve that a copy of the letters addressed by
the Department to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is generally given to the
Committee on Indian Affairs after the action
of the former committee. Duplicates of these
letters were addressed to me. I cannot answer
the other branch of the Senator's question as
to how the communications originated. I only
know that they came into my possession as other
communications addressed to the chairman
of committees do.
Mr. CONNESS. I only asked the honor-
able chairman because I was aware that certain
attorneys were deeply interested in this claim,
and I did not know by what means the head of
a Department had been instigated to address
Congress in its behalf, and I did not know but
that that information might have been in the
possession of the Senator.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose the explana-
tion of this communication is very easily made.
I understand that there is a delegation of these
Indians in the city, and the question comes
before Congress undoubtedly at their solicita-
tion. They are anxious to obtain this appro-
priation, and at their instance undoubtedly this
communication has been sent by the Secretary
of the Interior to the chairman of the House
Committee on Appropriations. I do not re-
member having observed this treaty at the last
session. I think it is very likely that it was tut
improvident one. It seems to have been ar-
ranged in such a manner that the Government
would be tied up from going into an investiga-
tion of this case in any manner whatever. The
provisions of the treaty are most express and
positive that this amount of money shall be
paid to the Indians. It is also express and
positive in its provisions, waiving all excep-
tions growing out of the conduct of the Indi-
ans in the war or before the war, and waiving
all equities in behalf of the Government. Obvi-
ously it was drawn to conclude and to close
our mouths forever against the payment of this
demand. I do not remember its being con-
sidered in the Senate or its consideration in
committee. The only ground on which i would
be willing to vote the money at this time is the
ground which has been stated by the chairman
of the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is always so just in his remarks that I
am induced to ask him one question. He sug-
gests that probably this treatv was improvi-
dent. I want to know if he thinks it was im-
provident for the Government to pay to these
Indians for the land the agreed price ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I meant was that
this treaty in making an appropriation to these
Indians seems to have been negotiated simply
to cut off objection. There was no present
action demanded at that time, no immediate
appropriation proposed, and this treaty seems
to have been drafted simply to conclude us
against discussing any branch of the general
question. However, sir, I consider myself
bound by what is done pursuant to law. The
only practical question is whether we shall
appropriate this money at the present time or
defer an appropriation. The only ground I
have heard suggested in debate for making the
appropriation of money now is that a delega-
tion of the Indians are in the city who have
come here at considerable expense and whose
expenses have to be borne in some manner,
and ought to be borne out of this fund if it is
paid, and the further suggestion that they are
m necessitous circumstances and require an
appropriation of money. If a moderate amount
could be voted with reference to these consid-
erations alone, and we should defer the gen-
eral question of the payment of this money to
a future session, it would be according to my
views. And in making an appropriation at
this time I would desire to appropriate it to
the Indians for their necessities, reserving any
question which may arise as to outside claims
upon this fund to go into other hands than
those of the Indians themselves. If, there-
fore, the chairman of the committee will pre-
pare a proposition to be presented before the
third reading of this bill—it is obvious we can-
not adopt this amendment now, we have not
got a Senate to act upon it; as it is, it is a con-
tested question—if he will frame some propo-
sition by which we shall meet the pressing
necessities of these Indians at the present
time and cover the necessary outlay in con-
nection with the coming to Washington of
their delegation, I shall cheerfully vote for
it, and if at the next session this subject is to
be again considered then let us Qnter upon
the general debate. There seems to be some
reason for some appropriation. I do not know
what is in the bill m reference to this tribe; I
am speaking only of the matter as it is pre-
sented before us at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I knew very well that
after the award referred to was made the sub-
ject was considered open by Congress, and the
Senator from Wisconsin has furnished me
with the last aetion of Congress on the subject.
It seems that Congress did, just before the
war, on the 2d of March; 1861, appropriate
$500,000, declaring that "in the future adjust-
ment of the claims of the Choctaws, under the
treaty aforesaid, the said sum shall be charged
against the said Indians;" so that two years af-
ter the award Congress appropriated $500,000,
which was believed to be all that was deemed
to be due diem, and if there should be any
excess it was to be left for future adjustment.
No adjustment has ever been made from that
time to this ; so that we have no new light on
the subject. The only treaty made since that
time is simply a treaty which revives their
claims. This "claim has always been contro-
verted ; the last debate on the subject is very
full, and it grew out of the adoption of this
very proposition. I was then a member of
the House of Representatives, and remember
it distinctly. This is no fixed, adjudicated,
liquidated claim against the Government at
this time growing out of the sale of the
Choctaw lands, no claim that is proper for an
appropriation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania speaks about the opportunity to debate
at the next session and to have a full considera-
tion on this question. I have made that effort
for persons who* owed debts on promissory
notes in court when they were not able to pay,
who wanted about six months before judgment
should be rendered with a view to an addi-
tional stay of six months. I do not consider
that a proper course for the Govemment^of the
United States to pursue. Here is a treaty
obligation I think as plain as a promissory
note. The Senate in 1859 fixed the amount
the Government owed, and fixed it pursuant to
the terms of the treaty, thereby making that
sum thus fixed a part of the treaty. It is un-
important what language Congress used in 1861
in making the appropriation of a part of this
indebtedness.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate by its reso-
lution simply said that in adjusting the account
the Secretary of the Interior should do so and
so. He claims that he has done so in adjust-
ing the account; but the fact is that it has been
disputed and controverted, and the last debate
on the subject shows that all the facts are con-
troverted ; first, as to the principles involved,
next as to the amount of the claim, and next
as to the various items which make up the
claim.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are two facts
that are not disputed; the treaty of 1855 and
the resolution of 1859. The treaty of 1855
says we owe these Indians for certain lands at
a certain rate, and for the residue of the lands
at twelve and a half cents per acre, and we
will pay it, and the Senate of the United States
shall decide how much is due; and the Senate
in 1859, by a carefully prepared resolution, said
the sum was $2,832,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the Senate simply
declared that the account should be stated by
the Secretary of the Interior; and that account
made np in one way shows $1,300,000, and in
another way $2,300,000; so that the whole
matter was left open.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is mis-
taken about that. If I understand the Secre-
tary's letter, the account was made out at
$2,900,000, and the Senate reduced it to
$2,832,000. These are facts that are not open
for dispute. These are facts settled. And I
think we ought to appropriate to these people
what is due them, whatever may have been
their fault in the war. I understand some of
them went into the northern Army and some
into the southern. But without reference to
that, since that time we have made a treaty
with them, and we have agreed to stand by
the obligations that grew out of the treaty of
1855. I am not able to see the ground of
debate about it. It seems to me we owe the
money. ,
Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply want to add
one word to explain what I meant by the use
of the term "improvident" in characterizing
the treaty. A part of this tribe, I understand,
became rebels, public enemies in the war. I
understand also that the number of the tribe
has largely decreased. The equities which
formerly existed in behalf of the tribe, in my
opinion—not having, however, investigated the
subject, I will not speak positively—were not
as strong when this last treaty was formed as
at a previous period. It would have been per-
haps a fair and proper arrangement in that
readjustment to have put down the amount, to
have fixed it at a moderate sum, instead of-
taking the whole extent of the demand made,
thrusting it into a treaty, saying that the Gov-
ernmebt should not have any defense against
its payment afterward; and that, too, without
any proposition of immediate appropriation
and action. It seems to haw been a treaty ne-
gotiated simply to prevfent ue from going baek
