1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
and considering this subject, to make those
persons who were in rebellion against us again
loyal citizens, by the treaty entitled to all their
former rights, not taking into account the
changed circumstances of the tribe itself. How-
ever, sir, I acknowledge that we cannot go
behind the agreement.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania will allow me to say that
this treaty was negotiated here in Washington,
and was negotiated under tie immediate su-
perintendence of the Secretary of the Interior,
then Hon. Mr. Harlan. For some weeks, per-
haps two months or more, they were engaged
in the negotiation of this treaty; and if gentle-
men will look into it, they will find a great
many things contained in it. The Choctaws
were compelled to surrender a large portion
of their lands. Nominally they received the
price of $300,000 for them; but that $300,000,
by the terms of the treaty, went for the benefit
of the colored men who were emancipated and
set free by this tribe of Indians, and who,
under certain circumstances, were to be ad-
mitted and adopted citizens of the tribe, and
each take part of the lands of the tribe. ■ All
these compensations went into the treaty ; and
in view of them all, and in view of an act of
Congress which had provided that the annuities
accruing from year to year should be confis-
cated while the war continued at the pleasure
of the President for the purpose of feeding the
loyal refugees who were driven out of that
country—all these things were considered, and
this provision was inserted in the treaty to take
effect from and after June, 1866, whentheannui-
ties should go on again. This reconstruction in
thai Indian Territory under the superintendence
of Hon. Mr. Harlan, is, I think, a very good
pattern of what might be done in the recon-
struction of the Union. The thing was settled,
and those Indians are living side by side to-
gether. or at all events they have agreed to
do so.
There is another provision in the treaty by
which the Choctaw nation binds itself to pay
the actual damages which were suffered by the
loyal Choctaws who were driven out; and
a commission under the terms of the treaty
was appointed, who have gone on and ap-
praised the damages which the loyal Choctaws
suffered, and by the terms of the treaty the
nation is bound to pay out of its moneys those
damages.
The treaty is a very long one of fifty articles,
and there are a great many things in it. I do
not think the treaty ought to be condemned on
a one-sided view of a single section, because
the honorable Secretary of the Interior took
great pains in his negotiation of it, and I think
has made on the whole a good treaty.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a question
connected with the Miami Indians of Indiana
that has been placed in my hands too late to
submit to the committee; l*ut I deem it my
duty to present it to the Senate. The diffi-
culty seems to be this: under the treaty with
the Miamis some years ago it was provided
that the annuities should be paid to certain
parties whose names were filed in the Interior
Department; a few years thereafter that list
of names was added to by one hundred and
two additional names, and the annuities di-
rected to be distributed among the whole num-
ber, including those additional one hundred
and two. The former Indians whose names
were filed in the Interior Department now ob-
ject, and say that these names were appended
without authority and that they are not Miami
Indians; that some of them are Potawatomies,
and some are whites. I have not been able
as I have stated, to submit the amendment
which I am about to offer to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and I present it on my own
responsibility. I have not been able to exam-
ine the question; I only state what is stated to
me. I move to amend the bill by inserting
after line six hundred and seventy-four, on
page 29, this proviso:
Provided, ThatsaidinterestshaU hereafter be paid
to the persons embraced in the corrected list agreed
upon by Senate amendment to article four, treaty 5th
June, 1854, and the increase of the families of such
persons as therein stipulated.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I hope the Senator will
not press that amendment. We have not in-
vestigated it. We know that it is a question
of disputed right between individuals.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is true.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think it manifestly
improper that we should be called upon to vote
; upon it without examination.
J Mr. LANE. This has been a controverted
point, as I understand, for several years,
i Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The Senator who offers the amendment says
; himself that it is not reported from a commit-
tee. It is therefore not in order on this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not make any
appropriation. It simply directs the manner
in which an appropriation shall be expended.
Mr. LANE. It is a simple direction of th.e
manner in which an appropriation already in
the bill shall be distributed, and it is therefore
in order. The Senate will indulge me a mo-
ment while I state the history of the case. The
Miami Indians divided in 1846 ; a part went
West, and the others remained in Indiana. In
June, 1854, a treaty with the tribe divided their
annuities. The treaty will be found in the tenth
volume of the Statutes-at-Large, page 198.
The Senate amendment to the fourth article
of the treaty provided that the annuities should
be paid, so far as the Miami Indians were con-
cerned, to persons whose names were in the
corrected list agreed upon by the treaty. The
manner of distribution was provided for by the
treaty itself. A section, however, was added
to the Indian appropriation bill of June 20,
1858, directing the Secretary of the Interior to
add to thelist of Miami Indians such persons of
Indiana Miami blood as had heretofore been
excluded from the annuities of the tribe. This
provision was put in the appropriation bill in
direct contravention of the provisions of the
treaty. Under this section the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs added one hundred and five
names to the list of Indiana Miamis without
their consent and in violation of the treaty
stipulation, thus reducing their annuities a
little more than one fourth. The Indiana
Miamis now ask an addition to the clause in
the pending Indian appropriation bill provid-
ing for the payment of interest to them, that
will require the interest to be paid agreeably
to the provisions of article four of the treaty of
June 5, 1854, according to the Senate amend-
ment to that article.
I think there is no kind of doubt that the one
hundred and five additional names were added
upon an appropriation bill in contravention of
the treaty. Doubtless the attention of the
Senate was not called to it at the time. Only
those embraced in the treaty stipulations should
be entitled to the interest, and this amend-
ment is simply to conform to the treaty. This
is the whole case, as I understand it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then we are asked in
this manner to overrule an existing act of Con-
gress on a simple ex parte statement from par-
ties interested that it is a violation of a treaty.
Certainly such action as this is not proper
where private rights are involved.
Mr. LANE. I have referred the Senate to
the section of the treaty, to the amendment of
the Senate, to the very page where it is to be
found, showing conclusively that the clause
inserted in the appropriation bill in 1858 was
against the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I know that one side
of a case sounds very well until the other is
heard. I shall be perfectly willing for one to
take up this case and examine it whenever it
is brought up in such a manner that it can be
examined in committee or in Senate ; but it is
utterly impossible, and it is very hazardous now
to enter upon an examination of this question
with any expectation of doing justice between
private parties.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was one amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance
which, at the suggestion of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, was not acted
upon in Committee of the Whole. I ask that
it now be disposed of. It is a motion to strike
out a certain clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment referred to is to strike out the following
clause on page 65:
For expense of collecting andlocating the Colorado
River Indians in Arizona on a reservation set apart
for them by section first, act of March 3,1865, includ-
ing theexpense of constructingacanalforirrigating
said reservation, $50,000.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment of the
committee I understand strikes out that clause.
Those in favor of striking out will vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. HENDERSON. I beg leave to refer
the Senator from California to the previous
legislation on this subject. Either that legis-
lation ought to be repealed or else a provision
! of this sort ought to be made. I am not pre-
pared to say, because I do not know, what
amount will be required; but some amount
ought to be given for this purpose. In the
Indian appropriation bill passed in 1865 it was
provided:
" Forth Burn era! incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of Arizona, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $20,1)00.
" All that part of the public domain in the Territory
of Arizona lying west of a direct line from Half-Way
Bend to Corner Rock, on the Colorado river, contain-
ing about seventy-five thousand.acres of land, shall
be set apart for an Indian reservation for the Indians
of said river and ita tributaries."
This was the legislation of 1865. If there
was any meaning in it, it was that the seventy-
five thousand acres mentioned should be set
apart for a reservation, and the Indians called
River Indians removed to it.
Mr. CONNESS. They have not been re-
moved yet.
Mr. HENDERSON. The design of this
appropriation was to effect the removal. The
Senator knows better than 'myself, perhaps ;
I do not profess to know what it will cost to
remove the Indians there. But as I under-
stand from the Department they desire to re-
move them, but have no means to do it. No
appropriation was made at the last session for
that purpose. I have here a report from the
superintendent of Indian affairs there to the
effect that these Indians ought to be removed.
How that is I cannot say. He writes like a
man of sense and like an honest man. I
take it for granted he knows what he is writ-
ing about. That is the reason I thought it
impolitic to strike out this appropriation en-
tirely. Perhaps, however, $25,000 would be
sufficient to make the removal. It requires
now that Indians roaming at large shall be
confined to a particular spot, and they must
cease their hunting; and indeed the orders of
the military there are, as I understand from
the Department, to that effect. They will have
hereafter to be confined within narrower limits;
and if it is intended to carry out the legisla-
tion of last year some money will have to be
appropriated. I am not prepared to say that
$50,000 will be required; and if the Senator
thinks a less amount will do I shall consent to
a reduction.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannotguess the amount
that will be necessary to collect these Indians
and locate them upon a reservation on the
Colorado river. The Colorado is our south-
ern boundary, and I know something about it;
but I cannot answer that question, and there-
fore I would not recommend any particular
sum. The necesssary amount on an estimate
as nearly as could be made must come from
persons on the ground, more intimate with the
facts than I am. I can only say—it is perhaps
within my knowledge sufficiently to speak upon
it—that the management of Indian affairs in
