1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
so that the Post Office Committee_ shall stand
justified—that they did their best in consider-
ing the bill spoken of, and they would not
have askecLjts passage at such a time as it was
passed if they could have avoided it. If the
bill is now referred in the House to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
that body it will never be heard of again this
session, for that committee will not be again
called upon for reports. There isno chance
of passing it there but by taking^ it from the
Speaker's table and putting it on its passage.
And yet it contains provisions of importance
to the postal service, and which, as I repeat
again, have been most carefully and exactly
considered.
But our careful Senators rise here and ob-
ject lest the passage of this bill under the cir-
cumstances be a precedent. I admit that it
would be a very bad precedent, and_ certainly
there would .be no Senators less disposed to
establish such a precedent than the members
of the Post Office Committee of this body;
and I ask again in all candor what could
we have done? When could we have the
bill considered? I submit to the Senate
that if tliey desire to drag this bill back,
if they desire by their action while they re-
pudiate it by their words, to oast an imputa-
tion on the commitee composed of some of
the same members who constitute the honor-
able Senator's committee, let them do so, and
if legislation is delayed and hindered it will
not be our fault.
I make this statement in defense of the Post
Office Committee, and as a matter of justice
to them that the Senate may understand the
facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should be very sorry
indeed if my friend from California or my friend
from Minnesota should think that in what L
said I meant to throw the slightest imputation
either upon the Post Office Committee or upon
them individually. I have no doubt that they
aeted in perfect good faith with a view to the
public business, and from what I read in the
bill as I glanced my eye over it carelcssly I
think I should approve of it from beginning to
end generally.
Mr. CONNESS. Then why not leave it to
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it cannot be
left to a committee to pass a bill. That is the
answer.
Mr. CONNESS. Does not the 'Senator
know that we could not get an hour or half of
an hour of the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must say that I do
not know that.
Mr. CONNESS. Does not the Senator be-
lieve it if he does not know it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No doubt it is difficult
to get time now. But my object in making
the remarks 1 did make was simply to present
what I think if followed as a precedent would,
as my friend admits, be a very bad practice.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 know that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Now with
regard to this particular bill, I do not think
that any harm would be done in passing it or
leaving it stand passed. I have entire confi-
dence in the honorable Senator from Minne-
sota and the committee of which he is chair-
man with regard to their intentions about this
matter. I have no doubt that what was done
was done with a single regard to the public
business and the importance of pressing the
bill through. I hope that statement on my part
will satisfy them, but 1 did think, on looking
over the bill arid, seeing the circumstances
under which it was passed, that if suffered to
be a precedent and the attention of the Senate
not called to it we might be in very great danger
of passing measures at a time when the Senate
was not present as a body. That is the ground
of my objection to the practice, and the Sen-
ators, for whom I have great respect and regard,
will accept this explanation.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, since
it cannot be made a precedent, since we do not
ask it to bs made a precedent, and would be
against any. such precedent, is legislation to
be delayed by dragging the bill back here again?
Mr. MORRILL. I had Saturday assigned
on a resolution somewhat solemnly, or at least
intelligently, aeted on by the Senate, for the
consideration of District business, and I had
the bad luck to proceed about an hour with
that business when I found myself without a
working force here, without Senators enough
to enact a bill, so that I was obliged to take up
for consideration only such measures as could
go through by common consent, laying aside
everything that was contested. After I had
yielded to that necessity, and we had gone into
executive session and come out again, finding
our force not increased, the Post Office Com-
mittee undertook to try its hand at legislation.
I did not object; I was quite willing. Through
the suavity of the honorable chairman of that
committee and the great persistency of the
honorable Senator lrom California, who is
also a member of that committee, they got
this bill before the Senate. The Senator from
New York seemed to have an objection to
proceeding with the bill, and stated that it was
irregular. That it was irregular nobody
doubts. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky was waiting to announce the death of a
colleague of his in the House. A division of
the Senate would break up the body and pre-'
vent that Senator from presenting his remarks
to the Senate. In that condition of things I
understand the honorable Senator from New
York was persuaded not to interpose an objec-
tion which he felt that he had to the bill, and
which he comes here and renews upon reflec-
tion to-day, feeling that he did not do his whole
duty in not presenting an objection to the con-
sideration of the bill under the circumstances.
Now, with the profoundest respect for the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, I
think they ought to yield to the wishes of the
Senator from New York, who yielded his objec-
tion on that occasion, but who cannot think
to-day that he can do his duty without moving
this reconsideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was up
on Saturday night I thought it seemed objec-
tionable to consider it when the Senate was
not quite full, and so expressed myself; but
the bill was taken up, and it was very fully
considered, and I thought fit was right in its
provisions. Because the bill has passed, and
1 think it is right, I shall vote against the
reconsideration, although I think it is objec-
tionable to take, up measures when Senators
are not expecting their consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this were the first in-
stance of a bill being passed through the ordi-
nary forms required by the Constitution in a
thin Senate I should not object to the action
proposed; but it must be in the knowledge of
every Senator that we are every day passing
bills of infinitely more importance in pecu-
niary and other points of view than this with'
much less than a quorum present. Is it to be
the rule of the Senate that hereafter, whenever
a bill has passed in that condition, we shall send
for it to the other House, or are we at once to
break up and adjourn whenever there may not
be a quorum in the Chamber? We know that
upon important appropriation bills the Sena-
tor from Maine has kept us here voting appro-
priations of a momentous character with a very
thin Senate, with much less than a quorum.
I think the Senate might as well go into the
consideration of this bill now upon the motion
to recall it from the other House; and I am
satisfied that if Senators give it their consid-
eration tliey will find that there is nothing
objectionable in it. I made persistent efforts
through two weeks, I think, to get the floor for
the purpose of asking the Senate to take up this
bill; and when, on Saturday evening there
seemed to be no objection to proceeding to its
consideration I moved to take it up, and' the
Senate agreed to my motion. If it is brought
back oiow I may not be able to get it up during
the rest of the session. It is a bill of the highest
importance to the proper administration of the
Post Office Department; and if Senators will
consider it now upon this motion to recall it—
and they may as well do it now as when the
bill comes back—they can state their objections
to each provision of the bill. Assuming that
the Senate will pursue this course Twill pro-
ceed to explain the bill——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the bill is not,in the possession
of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the motion to recall
it is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is ; but
that motion does not open the merits of the
bill. The bill is not in the possession of the
Senate. The Chair, however, will not of its
own motion interrupt debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I had proposed to go on
and explain the bill, but of course will not do
so if it is out of order.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon the motion to recall
the bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I have never
known a case where the Senate refused to
reconsider the vote passing a bill when the
fact was stated that it was passed by less than
a quorum. To do so would be to pass a bill
in plain violation of the Constitution, which
declares a majority of a quorum necessary to
the passage of any bill. It is true, the record
does not show that a quorum was not present.
Perhaps technically you may say there was a
quorum present, because no evidence to the
contrary appears upon the record; but it is
stated in open Senate, by a Senator who was
himself present, that this bill was passed by
less than a quorum of the Senate. That state-
ment is made here in open Senate ; and if we
refuse the motion to reconsider a bill passed
under such circumstances, the result is to pass
a bill in plain violation of the Constitution,
because among ourselves there is no question
as to the fact.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio how it appears that less than
a quorum was here when this bill was passed?
It certainly does not appear so upon the record.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator makes the
very point. It is true, we have no technical
evidence of the fact, because the Journal does
not show there was not a quorum present; but
we have the statement of a Senator, which is
unquestionable, and no onfe doubts it. Under
these circumstances is it wise to refuse the
motion to reconsider? I have never known it
to be done. I do not think any case has ever
occurred in which, when a statement of that
kind has been made by a Senator and not eon-
tested, a reconsideration has been refused.
In regard to the bill itself, I am perfectly
willing to consider it to-day or at any time when-
ever the Senator from Minnesota moves to take
it up. There are one or two provisions in the
bill of which I should want an explanation
before I could vote for it, but I do not propose
to state them now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I proposed to go into that
now, but it was iield to be out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to reconsider
must prevail before you can do that. I cannot
even state my objections to the bill till that
motion prevails, but certainly that motion ought
to be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Minnesota that
he had no design to. make a point of order, or
to arrest the Senator's remarks, but he simply
suggested what the rule of 4he Senate was,
leaving it to the Senator himself to act as he
pleased, and to any other member to call to
order. .
Mr. DAVIS. I am, I believe, uncondition-
ally in favor of this bill so far as I understood
its provisions on Saturday evening. That is
my opinion in relation to its merits ; but never-
theless J. feel constrained to vote in favor of
the motion that the Senate ^request the return
of the bill from the House of Representatives
for the purpose of reconsideration. Every gen-
tleman who was present knows that the bill
w^s passed by less than a quorum. That fact
was just as palpable as any fact could be to the
