374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
trust the Secretary.pf the Treasury or perhaps
any head of Department to carry out the pur-
pose^ of Congress. What did he do? We placed
in his hands one time and another within the
last four years $400,000 to be distributed
among the clerks, for the reason that the means
-of subsistence had become so enormously high
they were not able scarcely to keep soul and
body together, much less those who had fami-
lies to provide for those families. What did
he do ? Although this House and this Congress
desired thofce whom the rise of the waters of
high prices had reached, and who by that rise
o.f the waters had been submerged, instead of
giving it tcrthe clerks who received the lowest
salaries, he selected the heads of divisions and
chief clerks, already receiving the highest sala-
ries, and paid nothing to those who received
the lowest salaries. * .
A Member. Paid to the pets of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SC3ENCK. Yes, sir ; paid to the pets
of the Department. I speak of that of which
I have knowledge. I went to the Secretary of
the Treasury and remonstrated with him upon
this construction of the law and this application
• of the fund, and it was explained to me that
there were in the Department a great many
gentlemen of high intelligence and command-
ing ability who were, receiving already the
highest salaries and who could get higher sala-
ries elsewhere, and to prevent their going else-
where for employment it was necessary to dis-
tribute this fund; but as to these little fellows,
the twelve or fourteen hundred dollar chaps,
he could get upon the ringing of the bell as
many as he pleased any day. Well, that may
be so, but I hold that the intention of the Gov-
ernment as represented in Congress was to help
those who most needed help, and not squander
the fund on favorites of the Department, nor
give, it to those that had most. .There may be
scriptural authority for that—taking away from
'liini that hath nothing that which he hath, par-
adoxical as it may seem to be—but I do not
think it was intended by Congress to make any
such misapplication of Scripture in this case.
It may be argued that these men who have
come in from the military service or from civil life
into these Departments, displacing other men,
are as much entitled to an increase of compen-
sation as any other, and that there should be
no common law which would exclude any por-
tion of them. They came in, Mr. Speaker,
during high prices. They came in recently,
accepting what they knew was the position, and
how comparatively inadequate was the compen-
sation for the service. So there is no particu-
lar hardship to them. Civilians who came to
Washington and sought this employment, dis-
placing other men, during the years 1865 and
1866, are not entitled to very much svppathy
when we take into account the fact mat they
knew what they were seeking and what com-
pensation they were to get for the service they
were to perform.
Mr. GRINNELL,
to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to state that I
had prepared an amendment, which I propose
to send up at the proper time, providing for
those who were dismissed from the service on
the 31st of December, 1866. Now, sir, it is
manifestly unjust to those who have come into
these places during a period of low prices,
and are now removed for political opinions,
that they should be cut off altogether. I pro-
pose that those who were dismissed prior to
the 1st of January, 18G7, without being charged
with fraud or malfeasance shall be regarded as
well as the other class.
I also propose that no person who has been
in the civil service or in the army or navy in
the so-called confederate States shall be in-
cluded. Sir, my constituents have been turned
out of these offices to give place to rebels who
shot bullets at their hearts, and I am called
upon to vote that these same rebels shall receive
extra compensation while my friends have
been proscribed. I never can be a party to
Will the gentleman yield
the wrong of cutting off altogether from this
compensation those who went out with the
departure of the year 1866. I therefore pro-
fose at the proper time to offer the amendment
have indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say, before
I yielded to the gentleman from Iowa, in refer-
ence to those who accepted these places recently,
that they are on a different footing from the
older employes; that those who were formerly
in the service entered it a time when, by our
legislation and by the exigencies of the country,
there had not been this enormous inflation of
prices, and it is proper that they should have
the increase of pay; but not those who came
in within the last year or two, who are alone
excluded by the provisions of the bill as origi-
nally reported. They came in after this infla-
tion and after this legislation of Congress, and
there can be no pretense on their part that by
our legislation and by the consequent condition
of the country the terms of their engagement
have been in any respect virtually altered, or
their salaries practically lowered by reason of
the lowering of the standard of the currency of
the country.
Now, sir, I felt impelled to make these re-
marks from a feeling that the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont, [Mr. Morrii.l,] was not
presenting his amendment in such a manner as
that the House could distinctly understand it,
he assuming that they all did so without any
further explanation of what he was aiming
at. He proposes to leave this bill as originally
reported, cutting off the persons who have
accepted office within the last year or two from
the benefit of its provisions, but adding to it a
further clause to extend its benefits to every
man who has been in the military service of
the country in any capacity during the war.
Mr. MYERS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I have pre-
pared an amendment which I think will meet
the views of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] I desire to have it read.
Mr. MYERS. I yield to the gentleman for
a moment for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That this resolution shall not apply
to any member of the Johnson Departmental Club.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I think that
will cover the whole ground.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not in order as an amendment to the pending
amendment,  
Mr. MYERS. I intend, Mr. Speaker, after
a very few words, to offer an amendment to
come in on the nineteenth and twentieth lines
on the second page of the bill as reported.
My objection to the joint resolution and to the
several amendments is only this: that the reso-
lution does not go far enough. The resolution
only proposes to give additional compensation
to these several employes for six months up to
the 1st of January of this year.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; it extends to a whole year.
Mr. MYERS. It applies to six months from
now, but it only dates back six months. Now
this Congress has voted to increase the pay of
its members; it has voted to do some little
justice to our soldiers, and will probably do the
same for the sailors who were accidentally
omitted in the bounty bill, without regard to
any lapse of time. The country has sanctioned
both measures. I believe that a like meed of
justice should be accorded to this clerical
force and these employ6s of the Government,
whose salaries have not been increased since
the commencement of the war, while prices
have been continually advancing and still seem
to keep up.
Sir, I am in favor of economy as much as
any gentleman here ; not that economy which
turns men out of a navy-yard at this season
of the year, and for want of proper precautions
allows millions of dollars to be lost by the
burning of a noble vessel; not that economy
which appoints dishonest revenue officers,
diminishing our receipts from that source and
adding to the burdens of the honest tax-payers.
But the true' political theoiy I declare, is that
all men have a right to a living and that the
laborer is worthy of his hire. I believe that
this bill does not go far enough back in paying
these men what they deserve.
Now, I concur in many of the suggestions
which fell from the lips of the gentleman who
preceded me, and all I have to say is that I
shall not press my amendment if it appears to
be objectionable to the House. I believe that
these men would rather have their salaries
increased back to the commencement of the
year 1866, when they were suffering from high
prices, than to have it run for six months from
this date and six months for the last year.
That is all I have to say, and I hope the gen-
tleman who offered this bill will embody my
amendment in it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that his amendment is not in order at this
point, and that it belongs to another part of the
bill.
I wish to say a word or two and then to close
the debate on the pending amendments. I
perfectly agree with my colleague who addressed
the House a moment ago [Mr. Schenck] on the
point that those appointments that have beea
made during the last eight months have many
of them been made on the most shameful prin-
ciple of political favoritism. I would have
been glad, if we could have done it, to reach
all such persons; but I am in favor of doing
whatever I do directly, and if the gentleman
wants to do it, let him bring forward a propo-
sition that no person appointed for political
reasons shall receive any of this extra compen-
sation. Now, he proposes to do it in an indi-
rect way, and at the expense of our true friends.
And I desire to show that that is so.
If any gentleman desires to make a political
argument, purely as such, I would like him to
state in the first place at what time President
Johnson and his administration began to make
appointments in the Departments of our polit-
ical enemies. He will probably say that it was
begun about the month of March, 1866, after
the 22d of February, and from March to May
last. Then I would ask, what about all those
persons who were appointed from the day Pres-
ident Lincoln died to May last, sajr a year or
more? Everybody appointed within that pe-
riod, long before political appointments were
made, all our friends thus appointed the gen-
tleman proposes to cut off, every man of them,
for the sake of punishing a few appointed since
that time.
And what else does he propose to do ? He
says he wants to let the soldiers in. He desires
to open the door to any soldier or sailor who
prostituted himself to Mr. Johnson, and bowed
before him for the sake of getting an appoint-
ment. If a soldier disgraced himself to obtain
an appointment, my colleague says we should
pay him. But he proposes to cut off at a single
blow all the appointments made one whole
year before these political appointments were
made, and in regard to whom there is not the
least taint of political favoritism. Now, I
would be willing to drown a fly or to kill a
gnat; but I do not propose to set the ocean
in motion and kill the children for the sake of
killing a gnat. Now, it seems to me that the
the proposition of my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Morrill,] for the sake of accom-
plishing a purpose indirectly, does ten times
the injustice he proposes to remedy.
.1 now call the pending question on the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morbill.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Would a motion to
recommit be in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. It would not, pending
the order for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
following amendment by Mr. Morrill:
In lino thirty-four, after the word "resolution,"
insert the following:
And who were in the civil service at Washington
during the whole of the fiscal year ending June 30.
1866, or who, prior to such appointment in the civil
