1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
observation and sense of the Senate. I believe
the honorable Senator from New York was
probably induced not to press his objections
against the bill at that tune because of my
earnest wish to have the Senate take some
notice of the death of a respected colleague of
mine. . If the objections had been pressed tlie
Senate would have been divided, and the divis-
ion would have shown unquestionably that
there was not a quorum present. The conse-
quence would have been that the Senate would
have had to adjourn, and I should not have
had an opportunity of performing a pleasant
but sorrowful duty.
I agree with the principle suggested by the
honorable Senator from Ohio. I believe it is
a loose, a vicious, a reprehensible, and an un-
constitutional practice for the Senate to pass
bills when it is obvious to every Senator that a
quorum is not present. I regard it as a delib-
erate violation of the Constitution, of evil and
dangerous effect; and I should like to have
the Senate adopt a positive and peremptory
rule that whenever the Presiding Officer of the
Senate shall have reason to doubt the presence
of a quorum he shall verify the fact, and if on
his verification he ascertains that there is not a
quorum present it shall be his imperative duty
then to suspend further action by the body
until a quorum be obtained. Under this view
of the case I will vote in favor of the proposi-
tion to ask the House to return the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I called for the yeas and
nays on this motion, but I now withdraw that
call. The honorable Senator from Maine sug-
gests that he is willing that this bill shall be con-
sidered now, and as he has the Senate for one
of his bills to-day, I, for one, as a member of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
accept the proposition. But, at the same time,
1 give notice that while [ shall remain a mem-
ber of this body no bill shall overpass when I
am here with less than a quorum present. So
Senators must remain in their seats if they
want legislation. 1 know it is every day the
practice of the Senate, but I intend to appjy
the rule hereafter as closely as it is now applied
to this committee.
Mr. MORGAN. I have reduced the mo-
tion which I submitted awhile ago to form in
this shape:
Ordered, That the Secretary bo directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senato
the bill (S. No. 5-7) to amend the postal laws, and for
other purposes, passed by the Senate and sent to the
House lor its coneunenco.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that we had
better not decide on any rule that would be
very inconvenient to the Senate. I think the
Senator from California cannot carry out his
proposition. Jt is known to every one of us
that when the Senate is quite full oftentimes,
so many gentlemen are called out by their
constituents during the progress of business to
the committee rooms or to the consultation
rooms of the Senate as to leave apparently
upon the floor a very thin Senate, and yet
when it comes to a vote there is quite a large
vote; and this view is an answer to the Senator
from Kentucky. I dislike to see bills passed
when there is not a full consideration of them.
I am not prepared to say that if the yeas and
nays had been called on this bill on Saturday
evening a quorum of the Senate would not
'have been present, either in the Chamber or
in the adjoining rooms. There was no test of
the matter, but I observed the fact that the
Senate was thiijj and I supposed some Sena-
tors had gone home, and therefore I objected
to the consideration of the bill. But as it was
fully considered and passed I shall not now
vote for its reconsideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word
in explanation of my course. I am usually in
my seat when business is transacted in the
Senate unless I am compelled to be absent.
I supposed the Senate was about to adjourn
when I left on Saturday, and I was not aware
that any business was transacted afterward
bv the Senate until the subject was mentioned
this morning. After the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia had
given notice that he could not proceed with
his business because there were so few Sena-
tors present, the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] made a motion to adjourn, and
everybody seemed to accede to it; but the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
desired the motion to be temporarily sus-
pended until he could move to recommit some
bills, and as those motions were entertained
by the consent of the Senator from Indiana,
and as it had been announced by the Senator
from Maine that no other business could be
transacted, I withdrew from the Senate, sup-
posing, of course, after those bills were re-
committed, that the Senate would adopt the
motion of the Senator from Indiana. I was
therefore accidentally absent, and was quite
surprised to find that after that time business
of the nature of this bill had been transacted.
I have nothing particular to say about the
question before the Senate, but I shall vote
for the reconsideration. .
Mr. DAVIS. I have always been thor-
oughly satisfied of the utter impropriety of the
Senate passing any measure or taking any
legislative action when there is obviously and
palpably a quorum not present; and I am
gratified that the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia has declared his purpose to call for a
division of the Senate when in his judgment a
quorum is not present. We all know that in
the night sessions and late in the evening the
opportunity is seized upon by many members
of the Senate, when there is not a quorum
present, for the purpose of hastily passing
measures. I think that is a custom that ought
to bo reformed. I think it is in flagrant dis-
crepancy with the principle of the Constitution
which requires every measure of the Senate to
bo passed by a quorum. The Senator from
California or any other gentleman can avail
himself of his right and of his duty to have a
majority of the Senate present by calling for a
division of the Senate at any time, and I shall
always be prepared to second such a motion
and give it any countenance I can.
Mr. CONNESS. The, honorable Senator
will remember that that rule which I said I
would apply in future, so far as the demand
should go—and I shall be as good as my word—
will operate very much harder upon myself
than upon the honorable Senator, for it will
be found, I think, upon examining the legisla-
tien of an cutire session of Congress, that
while I vote for more than two thirds, perhaps
three fourths, of the bills that are passed and
become laws, the honorable Senator has hardly
voted affirmatively for half a dozen. He is
generally found in the negative ; so that it will
not trouble the Senator so much if bills shall
not pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the honorable Senator
has received rather ungraciously my avowal to
support his principle of practice ; but, however,
I give it my support, without any regard what-
ever to the measures that I oppose or that I
support, but simply to the propriety of the
rule and the constitutionality of the principle.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that is just what
the Senator meant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe if is the right
of any Senator to ask for a reconsideration of
a bill, but if, because the bill has passed and
gone to the other House, the Senate should
deny the request to bring the bill back again,
the right of a Senator to move a reconsidera-
tion would be practically gone. Therefore,
without inquiring at all into the merits of the
case, whenever a Senator, in order to make a
motion to reconsider, asks to have a bill brought
back from the House, I shall vote for it. I
have always done so, and I shall do so in this
instance.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. Is the Sen-
ator ready for the question on the order now
offered to the Senate ?
The motion was agreed to.
pbn'sios appropriation biix.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pen-
sion appropriation billisnowbcfore the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill ( H. R. No. 008)
making appropriations for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 80, 1808, which had
been reported from the Committee on B'iuance
with two amendments.
The first amendment was in line nine, after
the word " mothers" to insert the word "fa-
thers, brothers ;" so that the clause will read:
For ponsions of widows, children, mothers, fathers,
brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as .provided for bv
acts of March 18.1818: May 15,1828: June7,1832; July
4,1836; July 7,1838; March 8,1843; Juno 17,1844; Feb-
ruary '2, July 21, and July 29, 1848: February 3,1853;
Juno 3,1858, and July, 18G2, with its supplementary
acts, and for compensation to pension agents and ex-
penses of agencies, $23,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three, after the word "mothers" to insert
"fathers, brothers;" and in line twenty-six,
after the word "sixty-two" to insert "with
its supplementary acts;" so that the clause will
read:
For Navy pensions to widows, children, mothors,
fathers, brothers, and sisters, as provided for by acts
of August 18, 1848, and July 14,1862, with its supple-
mentary acts, $280,000, to be paid from the Navy pen-
sion fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill bo road a third time;
it was read the third time, and passed.
signing of treasury warrants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
403.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 403) supplemental
to an act to establish the Treasury Depart-
ment, approved the 2d of September, 1789.
It provides that the Secretary of the Tieasury
shall have power, by an appointment under his
hand and official seal, to delegate to one of
the Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury au-
thority to sign in his stead all warrants for the
payment of money into the public Treasury,
and all warrants for the disbursement from
the public Treasury of money certified by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
be due upon accounts duly audited and settled
by them ; and such warrants so signed are to
be in all cases of the same validity as if they
had been signed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will give a very brief
explanation of this bill. As the law now
stands, every warrant upon the Treasury, either
for transfers from one branch to another, or to
take money out of the Treasury on warrants
that have been drawn after the certificates of
the accounting officers are properly made, must
be signed by the Secretary of tlie Treasury
himself. It is a very onerous and a very un-
necessary duty to perform. Every day^ the
Secretary of the Treasury has brought to him a
pile of warrants, generally about a. foot high, a
very large number of them, and it takes him a
very long time to sign them. He cannot read
them ; he cannot know what they are, and he
does not know personally what they are unless
his attention is called to them by something
which is peculiar in the case itself, to which
his attention is called by the accounting officer.
The accounts have to go through the account-
ing officers. They all have to be certified as
having been examined by the Comptrollers
and the Auditors. Then they have to be ex-
amined to see that they are in due form by the
Assistant Secretary, who puts his initials on
them, and they go to the Secretary, who must
devote a very considerable portion of time to
writing his name just as fast as he can write it,
without knowing what he is signing in point of
fact. It is a very unnecessary labor, and it has
been for some time thought to be expedient to
devolve that duty of merely putting the name
to the warrant upon some officer of the De-
