m
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBR
which our friends thjnkought'to be made with-
out great injustice and creating great public
dissatisfaction.' If there are men in office who
have taken part with the so-called confederacy
they ongHt to be turned oat; and if they can-
not'be turned out in any other way the power
that placed them there ought-to-be overthrown.
We cannot-make' discriminations without doing
injustice and without-, creating public dissatis-
faction. I believe-this bill'is as broad as we
can make it, and I prefer it as it now stands
before the House.
- Mr.rMAYNARD. I see it is proposed to
add.'twenty per' cent, to 'the pay of all tho.se
Whose, salaries do not exceed the sum of
$3,500; I ask the gentleman whether by that,
provision the $3,500.officersarre not4h abettef
condition than those who now'get $4,000. Will
they not get $4,200,' or. $200 more than the
othor cl&ss'^ ■
Mr. GARFIELD. The .surplus funds are in
the hands tsf the Secretary, of the Treasury,
and he can regulate the matter. But we want
to make a limit somewhere; we do not want to
Say this increase to all the high, class clerks.
* there should be half a dozen such as the
gentleman speaks of there would have to be
some remedy provided for them hereafter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Could not the gentleman
have remedied that difficulty by saying that no
pay should exceed a certain amount as a max-
imum?
- Mr. GARFIELD. Perhaps it might be done.
I now yield a few moments to the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. MORRILL. I should have much pre-
ferred the bill with my^mendment added. I
still prefer it as it stands to the substitute pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
faimfsworth. ] It is more carefully guarded
throughout. But in regard to the substitute,
according to the gentleman's own confession,
he does not know how it will be construed or
how long it is to continue to operate. The
present bill will probably take from the Treas-
ury not less than a million and a quarter of
money. If my amendment had been adopted
it would have saved a quarter of a million.
If the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois prevails I shall be compelled to vote
against the whole bill, and move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison'.]
. Mr. ALLISON. I presume the object of
this bill is to pay the clerks and employes of
the various Departments of the Government
what they earn and are fairly entitled to.
Now, the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois is to have the increased compensation
date back to the 4th of March, 1865, and the
reason he gives for it is that we have allowed
our own clerks and employes twenty per cent,
additional compensation, beginning with the
present Congress. The salaries of these vari-
ous clerks begin and end with the fiscal year,
while the salaries of employes in the two Houses
begin and end with the Congress. Therefore
the reason for the adoption of the provision in
the eighteenth section in the appropriation bill
of last year does not apply to that class of
clerks.
..But the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois will go still further. It will allow the
employes in the Treasury Department, who
for the fiscal year ending in 1866 have received
additional compensation in the aggregate to
the amount of $200,000, to still receive the
additional twenty per cent.; and it fails to
meet the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, which discloses the fact that this sum
was disbursed among a higher class of clerks,
and not that class who are presumed to be the
most needy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose, with the
permission of the House, to amend the substi-
tute in that particular by adding to it the same
proviso that is in the original bill, cutting off
thc^e who have already received additional
compensation from the benefits of the bill. If
the House will jjermit me I will amend the bill
in that particular; if not, it may be done in the
Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I shall, of course, object
to that amendment unless we go back and
amend the original bill, so as to include a
proposition which is just and ought to be in-
serted in it,'which will allow all clerks, whether
they are in the employja,ent of the .Govern-
ment to-day or were so yesterday, to come in
and receive the additional compensation. The
Government of the United States is not.an
eleemosynary corporation, dealing out .char-
ities to clerks. We sge paying these men be-
cause we believe they are entitled to compen-
sation for service rendered, and there .is no
reason why a clerk who may b.e employed to-
morrow should not receive additional compen-
sation if he earns it., nor-that a clerk who was
discharged yesterday for political or other rea-
sons should not receive that compensation if
he has earned it during the fiscal year 1866.
Now, I am opposed to this discrimination.
We should not discriminate against any class
of clerks—and that proposition is clearly com-
prehended in the original bill—but if we are
to appropriate from one to two million dol-
lars, that will be the effect of the proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois. It will be
simply a gratuity to this class after the 4th of
March, 1866. I do not feel called upon to
give them such gratuity, and I shall vote
against this whole proposition, unless it is eon-
fined to the current fiscal year and includes
every class of clerks in the Executive Depart-
ments.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will now yield ten min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Scitenok,] and then
•I shall occupy five minutes of the time of the
House before I call the previous question.
Mr.-SCHENCK. I am very sorry that this
bill has assumed its present shape. I do not
wish to be considered as having done injustice
to any one in the remarks which I made before
in the discussion of the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mob-
bill,] when I undertook to draw a distinction
between those who had served in the Army or
Navy of the United States during the recent
war to put down the rebellion, and those who
have sought and obtained those places, often,
at least, to the exclusion of better men than
themselves.
I know the difficulty which' surrounds this
whole subject. I know that it is hard to adapt
the law to the condition of things so as to make
its operation equitable. I know it is hard to
adapt a law so as to have operation upon par-
ticular classes of individuals only. Certainly
we cannot do it as to individuals. But in the
remarks which I made I did not mean to object
to men on account of their political views.
I believe that if the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] had
been adopted, it would have prevented what
will now be the effect of this bill if it pass—a
reward given to any and every one who within
the last year or two has been a party to this
miserable prostitution to which I referred. I
did not call it political prostitution, because I
do not recognize the men of whom I spoke as
havinganypolitical status ; they are not Demo-
crats, they are not Republicans. Some of them
profess to have affinities with the one side or
the other. But if they have a platform at all,
it is but a platform resting upon the advocacy
of whatever will give them "bread and butter."
Now, sir, the only way of reaching such men
is to strike at the ''bread and butter;" the
only principle of action which they could be
supposed to be at all sensitive about. And it is
for us, as far as we may, to reach toward that
which they have regarded as the holiest and
above all things. In doing this I admit there is
difficulty. We may without meaning it strike
some good man. But in not doing so we per-
mit to escape a whole class of men who I
think are unworthy of the support and un-
worthy of the generous action of Congress in
their behalf.
Now, sir, in order to show what sort of people
these are for whom we are legislating indis-
criminately, I propose: to lay before the House
the proceedings which took place some short
time ago, as far as they have reached the public,'
of what is called the Johnson Departmental
Club. These resolutions have been heretofore
the subject of comment elsewhere, and the club
have replied to the comments made upon them
in the Senate of the United States. It needs no
further remark to illustrate the temper of these
persons and-their line of conduct than to read
what they said. These men, for whom we are
asked-thus indiscriminately and loosely to legis-
late, adopted the resolutions which I am about
tprea(J. ^Andmarkyou, this goes back a whole
year and-a halfit .goes back so as,to reach
that time at which my colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] says there had been no demonstration of
this miserable, subs.ervient spirit by which office
was to be obtained from the Executive: I read
the preamble to their resolutions:
"Whereas the present crisisof this country colls for
a full anil honest expression of political sentiments
and a firm adhesion to the Constitution of our land
and the cardinal principles of government as enun-
ciated and established by our fathers'; and whereas
the present Congress of the United States, in usurp-
ing the judicial and executive functions of the Gov-
ernment. in overriding all the State authority and
jurisdiction, in defying the manifest sentiments and
wishes of a vast majority of the people Of the coun-
try, is rapidly changing our republican system of
government into a despotism as unmitigated as ever
was that of Austria; and whereas we are uncompro-
misingly opposed to all such inroads upon the estab-
lished principles of the Government, and as unwaver-
ingly indorse and support the past and administrative
policy of President Andrew Johnson, particularly
that of the readjustment of the late rebellious States;
and whereas, as honorable men, holding office under
his Administration, feel it incumbent upon us either
to sustain him in his noblo efforts to preserve the
Constitution and the liberties of the people against
the infractions of Congress. or, if opposing him, to
resign our positions for those who do sustain him"—
And so on to the end of the chapter.
This is signed by' 'Robert Wright, president,"
and by "Ferdinand L. Sarmiento, secretary,"
of the Johnson Departmental Club. I do not
know who Robert Wright is; I. have not the
honor of an acquaintance with Ferdinand L.
Sarmiento; nor do I know Richard H. Jack-
son, who moves the publication of this mani-
festo in the public press. But I know that
Jackson and Wright and Sarmiento, in all
human probability, are poor devils, [laughter,]
unworthy of any help from this Congress or
from any authority of the Government. They
are political eunuchs, who, if Jeff. Davis were
in power, would pass just such a resolution
to-morrow for him; who, if our friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] were elected
President to-morrow, would as humbly bend
to him. That is just what I know of them
without a personal acquaintance with them,
and what everybody must know of them and
of all such fellows.
There came to my notice yesterday the case
of a clerk who was dismissed from one of the
bureaus in a Department for having spoken, it
was said, disrespectfully of the President and
in favor of Congress; for having "slandered
the President." And I believe the miserable
spy and pimp who gave the information got
his place. That is perfectly characteristic of
what all such fellows are; about what they
would do.
But let us go on a little further with these
Johnson Departmental Club resolutions. I
have not time, rich as this sort of literature is,
to read to the end the long resolution of which
I have given a sample.
The second resolution, and that resolution
fixes the date of publication, is one in which
this club cordially indorses the speeches of
certain political secretaries, made when they
were serenaded in order to bring them out and
see whether they were fit to be the constitu-
tional advisers of the President <,f the United
States.
Then, after the high eulogy in the second
resolution upon the Secretary of the Treasury
and others, in the third resolution their respects
are bestowed upon two members of the Cab-
inet, who did not come up to their standard:
"Resolved, That tho replies of Secretary Harlan
and Attorney General Speed wore characteristic, ana
leave no room to doubt, as long general ly believed —
