186-7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
take up the present incumbent I shall not ob-
ject to it at all. I should rather be in favor
of it.
_ Mr. DIXON. ' With regard to this proposi-
tion I have only to say it is wholly immaterial
to me how it is worded except as I have stated.
I do not know what are the designs and inten-
tions of the present Chief Magistrate of the
•United States, hut he has repeatedly said that
he should not be a candidate for reelection,
and I have no idea myself that he ever will be.
Still it seems to me the Senate of the United
States ought not to be called upon to vote for a
proposition which shall seem to be aimed at
any individual whatever. Therefore if, as I
understand, the Senator from Ohio proposes
to change it so that it shall refer only to future
officers hereafter elected, I shall vote for it;
and I shall vote for it much more willingly if
he is willing to make another alteration, and
that is with regard to the terra of office. I do
not know that anything is said in regard to the
term of office in the amendment as the com-
mittee report it. I should much prefer, if the
term of office is to be limited, that it shall be
confined to the terra of six years. I would
vote for it more readily in that shape, but I
believe, as it now stands, there is no proposi-
tion with regard to the term of office whatever;
it leaves it as it is.
Now, sir, I have said that I do not propose
what I shall offer as an amendment in opposi-
tion to the resolution. I propose a preamble
and certain resolutions which will be very
proper in connection with this as an entire
scheme. I do not see that there is anything in
what I propose to offer which is at all incon-
sistent with or inapplicable to the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio. They will be
germane. They both relate to the great inter-
ests of the country. I have already given
notice of my intention to offer a preamble and
additional resolutions, and I now ask leave to
submit them to the Senate.
The PllESIDENT'jpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on tho amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. DIXOlf. X desire to say a very few
words upon tho preamble and resolutions that
I propose. I suppose they will be read; but
I have no desire to call for their reading if
Senators do not wish it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator offer this as an amendment to the
amendment, reported by the committee? It
can only be offered in that point of view at
the present time, there being an amendment
pending.
Mr. DIXON. It would be, I suppose, an
amendment to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In that
point of view it is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
he might allow the question on the amend-
ment of the committee to be taken and then
offer his as an addition. That will simplify
the proceeding.
Mr. DIXON. Very well. After the vote is
taken on the amendment of the committee I
can proceed to say what I have to say 011 the
subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion then is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that the
words "who has once served as President"
should bo struck out; so that it will read :
No person clected President or Vico President
shall afterward be eligible to either office.
My reason is this: I do not think it quite
fair to say that a man who has been elected
Vice President, and by the death of the Presi-
dent or his removal he becomes President for
a portion of the term, shall afterward be in-
eligible to the office of President. It is cut-
ting him off from the privilege which every
other citizen has of being, if the people so
choose, elected President of the United States.
It is not so high an honor, by any means, to
elect a man Vice President a3 it is to elect him
President. Suppose we should pass a law,
which I believe has been proposed in the other
House, providing who shall be President in
certain cases: first, the Vice President; then,
if there is no Vice President, the President of
the Senate. 
Mr. CRESWELL. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to the phraseology of
the article as it will stand with the amendment
made as ho suggests 1 It seems to mo that a
person who is elected Vice President., then,
would be incompetent ever afterward to be
elected President. That, I apprehend, is not
what he intends.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -The language now in-
cludes the idea that if a person has been elected
Vice President, and after being elected Vico
President becomes, by the death of the Presi-
dent, President of tho United States, he shall
be ineligible afterward to the office of Presi-
dent.
Mr. CRESWELL. But if the amendment
that the Senator from Maine suggests be made,
will it not at least bear the interpretation nat-
urally that a person who has once been elected
Vice President cannot afterward bo clected
President?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, per-
haps I did not suggest the proper amendment.
I merely stated it with the view of having tho
proposition correct and to state the reasons.
That bill proposes I believe—I have seen
some account of it in the papers—tliatif tho
President shall die or cease to be Prosideut,
tho Vico President shall take his place, and if
there bo no Vice President the President of
tho Senate, and if there bo no President of the
Senate, the Speaker of tho House, and going
through several provisions. Now, sir, suppose
that along toward tho end of the term of office,
the President should die, and the Vice Presi-
dent, or tho President of the Senate, or the
Speaker of the House should become for a few
months or a year President of the United States,
is it just to say that the citizen who by that
contingency has served for a short time in the
office of President shall not afterward be eligi-
ble to the office at all ?
Mr. JOHNSON. And the best man, too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Probably he might be
the very best man, and the man the people
would select.
Mr. SUMNER. I think tho Senator is not
aware of the operation of the language. I
do not think it applies to such a case as tl\at.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly ; " who lias
once served as President."
Mr. SUMNER. "Elected President or
Vice President."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; who has once
served as President or Vice President. I am
right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is the President
pro tempore of the Senate or the Speaker of
the House who servos as President he is not
made ineligible.
Mr. SUMNER. Ho must have been clected
President or Vice President, and then have
served as President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true. I thank
the Senator for the correction. I am wrong
about it. It would not apply to those officers
as it stands at present worded. But take the
Vice President; go as far as that; a man
is elected Vice President. Suppose that be-
ing elected Vice President, toward tho end of
the term he becomes for a few months Presi-
dent, or acting President, as the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandleu] called
it this morning; is it right, is it just to him,
because in that contingency ho has served for
a short period of time in the office of Presi-
dent that he should afterward be ineligible to
that office. I think not. I think, therefore,
for that reason alone, disconnected with any
other, I should be opposed to tho resolution
as it at present stands. I do not think that it
would be right to make that rule. I do not
think it would be just to the individual. To
be sure, the rule would not hold, so far as the
justice or the injustice is concerned, to the
same extent if the Vice President should be
President during nearly the whole term of
office, as in the present ease.
But we are providing for all cases; and
more than all that, every man in the Repub-
lic I think who is constitutionally, eligible is
entitled to be considered a candidate, and to
be nominated and elected, if the people so
choose, to the office of President; and the
fact that ho has served a short time in the
office when be was not selected to it is not a
sufficient reason to exclude liim.
I will state in addition to that that I would
not have anything in the resolution that would
look as though wo were making a change in
the Constitution with a view to affect any par-
ticular individual. I know that is not the
intention, and the Senator would not desire it.
We are fixing this for a great many future
years. I agree also with the Senator from
Connecticut in his idea, that if we fix it for one
term we had better fix it for six years instead
of four. I hope, therefore, that this resolu-
tion will be amended in these particulars.
Mr. WADE. This resolution was drawn
with no respect to any individual in the world.
I brought this subject before the Senate be-
cause I think the Constitution as it stands is
greatly defective iri this particular. Without
any disparagement to any gentleman who ever
filled the presidential chair, I believe the Gov-
ernment has not been as woll administered as
it would have been had there been no hope of
another term to the incumbent occupying the
presidential chair; and when I say that I need
not disparage anybody. Such temptations
placed before men as to have a view to their
continuance in so honorable and great a posi-
tion as that of President of the United States
will warp the judgment of almost any man,
whether he knows it or not. I believe that
every statcsmau who has had his eye fixed
upon the administration of our Government
for years past has not failed to discover that
measures have sometimes been adopted look-
ing quite as much to the continuance of the
incumbent in ofiiee as to the public good.
This idea has not escaped the greatest and
best men that wo ever had in tho office. They
have all seen, and many of them have felt, that
there were temptations that ought to be re-"*1
moved. Those who have been most revered
who have occupied that high position have
been the first to warn us that those tempta-
tions should be removed.
As to the objection made by tho Senator
from Maine, I do not think the resolution
ought to be amended to correspond with his
view, bccause I think the reason of tho limita-
tion applies to the Vico President when he
becomes President, and it touches nobody else.
When a person becomes President by virtue of
law, in case of the death or removal of the
President and Vice President, he does not Tall
within the rule laid down in this proposition.
It may bo that a gentleman elected Vice Presi-
dent, on the death, or removal of the President
toward the end of tho term, may fill the office
for but a short period; but'such occurrcncos
will be very rare. They are possible, but not
very probable. But when they do occur, the
same temptations and the same evils which
induce us to bring forward the amendment at
all attach to those persons. A gentleman
goes from the Vice Presidency into the presi-
dential office. If there is anything in what I
have already suggested, the temptation upon
him applies with quite as much force as it does
upon the man who was elected to the office
first.
Our experience of Vice Presidents has not
been welt calculated to favor this objection.
We have had some four of them., from Aaron
Burr to the present, and I believe nobody
would have regretted it if their office had been
circumscribed to the period in^which they did
hold the office. The reason is that_as_ quick
as they reach this place "they are within the
reason of the rule. The Senator thinks it a
great hardship that an individual who happens
to fall into this offiee for a short period should
