1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
be ineligible afterward. I do not think it is
a very great hardship. No gentleman need
submit to it unless he pleases.
This resolution was not framed by me with a
view to individual interests or ambitions. I
care but very little for the individual who shall
happen to be the President or Vice President.
This great office can honor but few. Jf there
are emoluments attached to it they can reach
but very few at best of all the American
people; and it is hardly worth our while to
frame the' measure with .a view to individual
interests or ambitions. The effect that it will
have upon the public is what we should look
to. I certainly cannot commisserate very
much the condition of the man who- has had
the good luck to be Vice President and then
President for a short term, because he cannot
be President for a full period. The Senator
says that by this proposition we do such an
individual great injustice. I do not think so.
I think it better, inasmuch as he falls within
the reasoning of these temptations, that he
should bo content with that portion of the
presidential office that may fall to him, al-
though I am not very particular about it. If
it can he so framed as to escape that, I should
not think it very objectionable ; but still 1 do
not think it wants amending for that reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
what reason is there why a man who has once
been elected Vice President should not after-
ward be eligible to that office? He has the
least power and patronage of any officer con-
nected with the Government. He is merely the
Presiding Officer of the Senate. The power that
he exercises and the patronage that he has
does not compare with that exorcised by a
Senator from a State. To be sure, he has the
chance, the possibility of becoming President.
But suppose he docs not, why should ho not
be eligible for a second time or for any length
of time that the people choose to elect him
to the office of Vice President of the United
States ?
_ Mr. STEWART. He is under-this resolu-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; the language is ho
shall not afterward bo eligible to either office.
^ Mr. STEWAItT. If ho has served as Presi-
'* dent he cannot bo elected, but if ho has served
as Vice President ho can be elected Vice Pres-
ident.
Mr. WADE. As I understand ho can be
elected Vice President as often as the people
choose to elect him, unless lie has served as
President. The language is:
No person elected President nr Vice President
who has onco sorvetl as President shall afterward be
oliffiblo to cither oflico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose he has served
as. President for a short time; why should he
not be eligible again to the Vice Presidency?
Itfr. STEWAItT. He might come into the
Presidency again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He might for a short
time; but what harm would come of it? The
reasoning is not applicable. The Vice Presi-
dent has no sort of power to do wrong in the
office of Vice President. He has no patronage.
My own idea is that the proposition ought to
be confined to the office of President. All the
logic, all the reasoning of the Senator from
Ohio applies to the office of President. It
not apply to persons who, from the fact
of being Vice Presidents, have by any contin-
gency become Presidents of the United States
for a brief period.
Mr. WADE. The original draft of this res-
olution only contemplated the exclusion of per-
sons who had once occupied the presidential
office, and it intended to cut them off, whether
they held that office for a short or long term.
The committee, however, have obviated all
that. Those that may, by law, occupy the
office, as when it shall devolve.on the Presi-
dent pro tempore oi the Senate or the Speaker
of the House, or on the presiding judge of the
Supreme Court, are not involved in the rule.
They are not subject to the exclusion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should it not, on
the logic of the thing, apply to them precisely
as it applies to a man elected Vice President,
who happens a short time to be President,
because they can exercise the "same power
while they are in the office ? The same logic
applies to both.
Mr. WADE. I do not know but what it
does. I will say I do not feel any very great in-
terest on that point. I am_willing, however,
to take the amendment as it came from the
committee, because, as I have already endeav-
ored to explain, I do not think it will be a
great hardship to make a person who, being
Vice President has come into the Presidency,
ineligible afterward to the office.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Ohio
will give way for a moment I will state a
reason for that. As regards those who may
succeed to the Presidency by virtue of law,
the same law may limit their term ; .and you
can fix it so that they shall occupy it but tem-
porarily ; whereas the person who becomes
President by virtue of election as Vice Pres-
ident holds the office during the residue of
the term; he is beyond the control of the law-
making power. You can regulate those who
are put in by law as you please. That does
not require a constitutional provision.
Now, one word further. If it be an evil to
have a President eligible for a second term, it
is equally so to have a Vice-President eligible.
The object is to prevent a person in power
from, using the office while in it to secure a
reelection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has no power as
Vice President.
'Mr. STEWART. That is very true, but if
he becomes President he has it for a fixed
term; you cannot control it by law. Thesame
reason applies equally, I think, to make him
ineligible that applies to a man originally
electcd President, tor if he becomes President
his attention will be called to securing a reelec-
tion rather than to the proper administration
of the affairs of the Government. I believe
the same reason applies to the Vice President
as to the President, and the reason in each case
is because they have a fixed term. The com-
mittee left out those who come into the presi-
dential office by force of law, because they have
110 fixed term ; they have no term but what Con-
gress can control. They are simply temporary.
The committee thought it would not bo worth
while to make them ineligible.
«M r. WADE. I thought the Senatorrose for
an explanation. If gentlemen will allow me
to finish the few words I have to say they can
take the floor. I do not propose to occupy
more than a few moments longer.
I do not see that the Vice President does not
fall within the reasoning I have already endeav-
ored to illustrate as the reason why the Presi-
dent should not be eligible again. In the two
cases that are familiar to us all the presiden-
tial office fell to the Vice President very early
in the term ; 1 believe as early as the first or
second month in the presidential term. Now,
sir, he would have a great advantage over any-
body else, because if you do not exclude him
he would be eligible again, although he had
already occupied the office for almost an entire
term.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Fillmore did not
hold the office for much more than half the
term.
Mr. WADE. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. General Taylor lived but a very short
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sixteen months.
^ Mr. WADE. Not over that. General Har-
rison, I believe, died within the first or certainly
the second month of his administration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But suppose he had
not died until the very last month ?
Mr. WADE. Very well. We cannot tell
exactly when they will die, as it has fallen out
now._ When the office has devolved on a Vice
President he has occupied it Etlmost the entire
term ; and the same reasoning applies to him
in that event as applies to the President who
was elected as such, and there is a greater rea-
son why he should not occupy it, because the
people really have never elected him with the
expectation that he ever would be President.
Their selections have been exceedingly good,
for the Presidents themselves have always been
more satisfactory than the Vice Presidents,
whom the people never expected would be Pres-
idents when they elected them. I do not think
that the Vice President when he becomes Pres-
ident ex officio should be in a better condition
than though he had been elected President.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator if
the amendment would be satisfactory to him
with the words " elected President or Vice
President" stricken out; so as to read:
No person who has once served as President shall
afterward be eligible to either office.
.1 would prefer the amendment in that form.
Mr. WADE. That would restrict it still
more. That would restrict it as regards those
officers that came in by law, where, as has been
said by the Senator from Nevada, Congress
may limit the term of office to such period as
they may see fit. For instance, if the Presi-
dent of the United States should die to-day,
and the office should devolve upon the Presi-
dent of the Senate, Congress might fix the
term long or short, as I should think.
Mr. STEWART. They can provide for an
election in such a case.
Mr. WADE. They can provide for an elec-
tion whenever they please, and they can limit
it when the contingency falls out in that way.
Therefore they do not fall within the same
rule as those who come in under the Constitu-
tion for fixed terms, beyond the reach of Con-
gress.
Now, one word as to the length of this term.
I know that a great many, and perhaps a ma-
jority of the people believe the presidential
term too short; that the great agitation and
excitement coming around once in four years,
distracting business and exciting the public
mind, is too often. That reasoning is very
plausible, and if there was nothing more in it
I should be clearly of that opinion myself. But
who does not know that in the vast and grow-
ing powers that devolve upon this great officer
there is danger in a long period of his drawing
such influences to himself as will be dangerous
to the public weal? Six years is a very long
term for a man to be in the position of a dic-
tator; for really the President of the United
States under oar Constitution is scarcely less
powerful than a Roman dictator.- His word is
law; his will is the rule of action of the whole
body; and he rides over Congress at his will,
as a general thing. In time of war the whole
Government is in his hands to such an extent
that I can hardly see how you could give him
any more power than he legitimately has under
the Constitution.
When our Constitution was framed origin-
ally there was not so much power and influ-
ence devolving upon the President of the
United States as there is now upon the Gov-
ernors of some of the States. It was not
thought to be dangerous. The framers of the
Constitution hardly contemplated the immense
growth of the nation, and as it grows and
progresses in power, wealth, and influence,
the presidential office becomes more and more
important every year. If the excitement is
great upon electing this great magistrate for
four years, how much more intense will it be
if you lengthen out the period! It will make
the presidential election much more import-
ant than it is now. And suppose the people
make a mistake, as they are always liable to
make a mistake, in the selectiou of this great
officer and get a man there who is false to all
they wanted of him, all they expected of him,
who thwarts all their ideas, who overthrows
all their principles; and there he sits, clothed
with a power that you cannot get rid of; when
such a thing happens every man would wish
that his term, at all events, was not more than
four years.^ On the other hand, when you
elect a magistrate by the power of the majority
of the people, of their own principles, who
honestly stands by them and endeavors to
