37a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to 5 and thereupon
fat twenty-five minutes past four o'clock) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC,
The following petitions, &e„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of J. Cory, jr.,
relative to freedmen.
Also, the petition of J. 8. Palmer, and 31 others,
ladies of taporte county, Indiana, asking for the
right of suffrage.
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of A. P. Arm-
bruster, and others, concerning the internal revenue
tax. on cigars.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Union citizens
Of N ueces county, Texas, asking relief against the de-
cisions of the present rebel courts of Texas confirm-
ing the confiscation of property of Union men, and
praying for protection from Congress.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of the mayor
and city council of the city of Sandusky, for the
establishment of a naval depot in the Sandusky bay,
at or near that city.
Also, the petition of H. Lockwood, and 45 others,
citizens of Huron. Milan, and vicinity, Erie county,
Ohio, for the establishment of a naval depot at
Huron, Ohio.
Also, the petition of La Q. Rawson, and 85 others,
citizens of Jiremont.Ohio, against the curtailment of
the national currency, and against compelling the
national banks, wherever located, to redeem their
bills in the city of New York, and against prohibit-
ing the payment of interest on bank balances.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of ecrtain citizens of
the State of Illinois, praying that an inquiry be made
into the omissions ol duty and usurpations of power
charged' against the President of the United States.
By Mr. HOG AN • The memorial of workers,in steel
in St. Louis, Missouri, against any increase of duty
on steel.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of 662citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, manufacturers and op-
erators in cotton and woolen fabrics, praying Con-
gress to relieve them from the heavy burden of tax-
ation under which they now labor, by the removal
of the five per cent, tax, &c.; also, by instituting a
drawback of three per cent, per pound on cotton, to
be refunded to the manufacturer; also, a-drawback
on all articles taxed previous to entering into the
manufacture of goods, <fcc.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion from citizens of Lawrencc county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against any reduction of the cur-
rency.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of Darius Moore,
William F. Baker, V/. A. Smith, Daniel Mackay, and
others, citizens of Fulton and Saratoga counties. New
York, praying for an appropriation of $l,000per year
for the remainder ofJiis life to Samuel Downing, the
only surviving soldier of the American Revolution.
By Mr. MARSTON: The petition of 21 citizens of
Ossiba.NewHampshire, prayingthatnoact be passed
authorizing a curtailment of the national currency
or requiring national banks to redeem their notes in
New York.
By Mr. MOULTOJf: The petition of citizens of
Wayne county, Illinois, praying that there be no
curtailment of the currency.
By Mr. McCLURG: The memorial of Lorenzo
Sherwood to Senate and House of Representatives,
on the subject of utilizing railway capital.
Also, the petition to Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of citizens of Butler, Bates county, Mis-
souri, against curtailment of the national currency.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Rev. W. H.
Furness, George Cadwallader, Daniel Smith, and.
others, citizensof Philadelphia, asking that the repeal
of the law which retires officers of the Army at a
certain age may be considered, and that no retire-
ment maybe made without the report of aboard of
examination.
Also, the petition and accompanying correspond-
ence of Robert A. Parrish, of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for relief against tho Emperor and Government
of France.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of R. Dexter and
55 others of the State of Maine, for the submission to
the several States of a proposition for an amendment
to the Const.italien providingth;lt no inequality shall
he recognized among citizens on account of birth,
race, or color, and to remove by immediate legisla-
tion all such inequalities in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Susan Libby, of Maine,
for bounty and back pay for the military services of
her son.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho memorial of
harbor commissioners of Massachusetts, for aid in
protecting the harbor of Boston from obstructions.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of numerous citizens
of Steuben county, New York, in favor of increase of
tariff on wool.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of citizens of Warren, Jo Daviess county, Illinois,
asking that no act be passed curtailing the national
currency, or compelling all national banks, wherever
located, to redeem their notes in New York, or pro-
hibiting them from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: Several petitions con-
cerning the contraction of the currency and resump-
tion of specie payments.
By Mr. WILLIAMS; The petition of cigar manu-
facturers of Allegheny city, Pennsylvania, praying
for an alteration in the tax on domestic cigars.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 10, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. -A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington city.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal. It is very
long, consisting mainly of yeas and nays.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
dispensed with only by the unanimous consent
of the Senate. Is there any objection ? No
objection being made, the further reading of the
Journal is dispensed with.
Petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens
and wool-growers of Ohio, praying for the pas-
sage of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. WADE. I have also a memorial from
Kennedy QiBrien, a soldier in the late Mexi-
can war, who received injuries in the service
by which he was rendered totally blind, and
who now has a pension of eight dollars per
month. He prays that this pension may be
increased, I suppose to correspond with that of
other pensioners where it has been increased
since. I hope that his prayer will be granted.
I move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of a
large number of citizens of Erie connty, Ohio,
praying for the passage of House bill No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. NORTON presented the petition of the
officers of the Sotrthern Minnesota Railroad
Company, praying for the passage of a law
authorizing them to construct a bridge across
the Mississippi river opposite the corporate
limits of the city of La Crosse; which was
referred to tlie Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. LANE presented a memorial of journey-
men cigar-makers and manufacturers of cigars
at Fort Wayne, Indiana, praying for a modifi-
cation of the duty on cigars; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
the Board of Trade of Buffalo, of the Board of
Trade of Detroit, and of the Board of Trade of
Toledo, in favor of the construction of a ship-
canal across the St. Clair flats; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a petition
numerously signed by farmers and growers of
flax in the State of Indiana, praying that the
duty on flax-seed may be fixed at not less than
thirty cents per bushel. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Finance,
and ask their attention to the subject. My
attention has been several times called to the
importance of this legislation by persons inter-
ested in it in the State of Indiana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. «4have received a remon-
strance which by the action of the Senate yes-
terday becomes to a certain extent out of
place, and yet I feel it my duty to present it.
It is the remonstrance of Henry H. Bowman
and fifty-eight other colored citizens of Wor-
cester, Massachusetts, against the admission
of Nebraska as a State with a constitution
which disfranchises citizens on account of color.
The question to which these remonstrants ad-
dress themselves is happily settled for the pres-
ent in this body; but it may arise hereafter in
some other stage, and hence I do not regard
this remonstrance as entirely out of place. I
move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a petition from citi-
zens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, in
which they ask for an amendment to the Con- I
stitution that shall provide against any inequal-
ity on account of birth, race, or color, and they
also ask for immediate legislation removing any
such inequality from the District of Columbia,
the Territories, and the ten unrestored States.
I ask the reference of this petition to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORGAN presented five petitions from
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of Honse bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the memorial of importers
of hardware and cutlery, of New York, remon-
strating against the hign duties proposed to be
levied on those articles by House bill No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented three petitions of
citizens of Shoreham, Vermont, and one peti-
tion of citizens of Middlebury, Vermont, pray-
ing for the passage of House bill No. 718, to
provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes ; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that leave be
granted to withdraw from the files of the Sen-
ate the papers in the case of Benjamin Tilley,
praying for rent of land occupied by the War
Department in Washington city, as the site of
a portion of the barracks constituting Camp
Fry, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims. There has- been an adverse
report, but additional evidence is presented.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the surviving heirs
of William B. Foster, praying, for the adoption of
measures to secure to them thc amount due from the
Government to William B. Foster at the time of his
death, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
reports op committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of O: E. Dreutzer, praying for compensation
for services rendered as consul of the United
States at Bergen, Norway, from the 5th of
November, 1865, to the 26th of May, 1866,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould, praying for a-pension,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 497) granting a pension to Mrs. Adeline
M. Gould. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Josephine
Slocum, praying for a pension, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 498)
granting a pension to Mrs. Josephine Slocum.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
safe deposit company.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill'(S. No. 177) to in-
corporate the National Safe Deposit Company
of Washington.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine,
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, is not present. I move that these
amendments be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
winona and st. peters railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up the bill reported by
the Committee on Finance for the relief of the
Winona and St. Peters Railroad Company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
