1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
carry them out to tlic advantage of the people
and for the welfare of the Government, it is
natural for them to wish that the term should
be extended.
I have'no very settled convictions on this
subject myself; but I have reflected upon it
much, and 1 know no rule by which we can
measure the time that we ought to fix. Our
fathers adopted four years when the Govern-
ment was exceedingly small, when* the influ-
ence of the Chief Magistrate was not a hun-
dredth pa?t of what it is to- day in the selection of
the officer, in wielding all the great powers that
properly devolve upon him. If t.hey thought
then that four years was long enough, I think
the great importance of the office, the ambi-
tion with which men aspire to all its honors
and emoluments, are such that we should not
rashly devolve it upon any man for a great
length of time. Suppose you were to fix it at
ten or twenty years, do you suppose you would
ever get it out of his hands? If you make the
term too long it would be apt to become hered-
itary, perhaps, in his family. As a repub-
lican I l'ear to invest any man with the great
" and growing powers of this high office for any
great length of time. I think it is bettor and
safer that it should frequently come back into
the hands of the people, and again be sub-
mitted to their judgment to select another man
as good as he is ; for it is idle to suppose that
there is but one man in the United States who
is perfectly fit for this great office. We shall
always find men enough, and if we look with
an honest heart and with sagacity of mind we
shall have no trouble in finding honest and
hanorable men to fill the office; but let us not
tempt them with too long a period.
On the whole I have come to the conclusion,
though not I will say very satisfactorily to
myself, when I balance the evils of frequent
elections with the dangers that attach to a
longer period of offiSe my republican ideas
bring me, after all, to circumscribe it to the time
fixed by the old fathers of the Constitution. I
hardly think we can make it better; and I fear
that in attempting to rid ourselves of the trouble
and excitement and real difficulty of frequent
elections we shall run into the other extreme,
which is more dangerous and more fatal if we
are wrong than the ordinary fixed term of this
office. I therefore shall vote to keep it as it is;
but if I am out-voted in that', I shall not be
entirely satisfied that the majority are wrong,
and shall cheerfully go with the Senate upon
that subject, however they may fix it, wishing,
however, that they would not extend the term.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, at the time
this resolution was reported from the Commit'
tee on the Judiciary I gave notice that when
the resolution should be called up for consid-
eration I should move to amend it so as to
make the term six years instead of four. That
subject was considered somewhat in the com-
mittee, but inasmuch as the resolution itself
pointed to nothing except restricting the office
to a single term it was not deemed advisable
by a majority of the committee to report a
change as to the length of the term ; that point
was not acted upon. The amendment that I
have drawn is in form a full, complete article,
embracing precisely the language m which the
amendment was reported by the committee,
with some additional words to reach the ex-
tension of the term to six years. I offer the
amendment as a substitute for the amendment
of the committee. It embraces the amendment
of the committee. It is to strike out all of the
words proposed to be inserted by the commit-
tee, and to insert:
The President and Vice President of the United
States shall hereafter be chosen for the term of six
years, and no person elected President or Viee Pres-
ident, who has once served as President shall after-
ward be eligible to either office.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of the
amendment proposed by the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont provided the office is one
which is not to be repeated. The honorable
member from Ohio says he is in favor of the
term of four years, because our fathers fixed
that as the proper term for the office; but he
ought to have recollected that at the same time
they provided that the President might be re-
elected; and if the honorable member will
refresh his recollection of the grounds upon
which the clause as it actually stands was in-
serted in the Constitution he will find that the
opinion of a very decided majority of the mem-
bers of the convention, including many, per-
haps, of the ablest men of that body, was, that
the President should be reeligible, without any
limitation of the term at all. The reasons for
that are very persuasive, and they operated as
we know to satisfy the convention that the in-
cumbent should be reeligible. I confess that I
have come to the conclusion for the last twenty
years, as much as I respect tlic opinions of the
the convention by whom the Constitution was
adopted, that the term should be limited ; but
in limiting the term I am for increasing the
period of service to at least six years.
The honorable member from Ohio I think
is needlessly apprehensive that there can be
any danger to the liberties of the people, or
that there will be any impediment at all thrown
in the way of the prosperity of the nation in
having the office continued two years longer
than the present term ; for it is not to be dis-
guised that if a President of the United States
shall be found at any time so antagonistic in
his own views with the proper policy which the
Congress of the United States may think should
be pursued his power will be of little or no
practical result. We have that illustrated, I
think, in the condition in which we are now
placed. All the powers conferred upon the
office are now in the hands of the President of
the United States, and yet we have seen that
lie is impotent to accomplish any policy of
his own when it is found to be in conflict with
the opinion of Congress; and we have seen
that he is not so omnipotent but that it is in
the power of Congress to deprive him of
powers which have heretofore been exercised
by every President of the United States with-
out objection. Assuming that the legislation
of Congress is within the legitimate authority
of the body, (and it is not for me to deny it,)
it proves beyond all doubt that if the repre-
sentatives of the people think one way and the
Executive another, there is no danger that the
measures which the representatives of the
people may think proper to adopt will ever be
seriously thwarted, or that any danger to the
liberties of the people can result from the fact
that there is a President in office for six years
instead of four.
The limitation of the term to four years was
adopted principally upon the ground that the
incumbent could bo reelected ; and T think my
friend from Ohio will find, if he will consult
the debates, that but for the provision which
makes him reeligible the term would have
been extended beyond four years, perhaps to
eight. No inconvenience, but on the other
hand, as I think, great benefit has been the
result of making the term of Senators of the
United States six years ; and I do not suppose
that any reflecting man in the country, who is
at all acquainted with the dangers to which all
popular Governments have been subjected, and
under which, sooner or later, they have fallen,
can doubt that the security of our institutions
is very much stronger by having the term of
the Senators six years than it would have been
if the term had been four years, or any shorter
period. „
The President of the United States has
thrown upon him the duty of consulting the
interest of the entire country, of making the
entire country his study, and it is made his
duty in consequence to propose to the Con-
gress of the United States from time to time
such measures as he may think are beneficial.
Now, it is possible that he may fail the first or
the second year, that he may fail the third or
the fourth, but at the end of the fourth he may
have satisfied the country that the measures
which he recommends are the best which can
be adopted for the true interests of the coun-
try. I am decidedly, therefore, in favor of
the amendment suggested by the honorable
member from Vermont, if we are to have any
change, and I think there ought to be a change,
which provides that the term of office of the
President shall be six instead of four years.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Maryland so far as I was able to follow
his remarks. It seems to me it would be better
if the term of the President was six years
rather than four. I regretted that the report
of the committee did not embody such a change.
I am therefore thankful to the Senator from
Vermont who, by his motion, gives us an op-
portunity to vote on that proposition.
But allow me to go a little further, and there
I should like to have the attention of my hon-
orable friend opposite, [Mr. Joirasos.] If the
term of the President is to be six years, should
we not abolish the office of Vice President?
Are you willing to take the chance of a Viee
President becoming President, for instance a
few weeks after the beginning of the six years'
term, and then serving out that full term. Now,
we all know in point of fact that the Vice Pres-
ident is nominated often as a sort of balance
to the' nomination of the President. It is with
a view to certain political considerations and
possibly to aid the election of the President
rather than to secure the services of a man in
all respects competent to be President. Sup-
pose, therefore, we have only a President and
leave to Congress the provision for a temporary
filling of tho office of President, as is now left
to Congress in tho event of the disability of the
President and Vice President.
I throw out, these views, without making any
motion at this moment, for the consideration
of the Senate. I submit that we do not meet
all the difficulties of the present hour unless
we go still further and provide against these
abnormal troubles that arise from the nomina-
tion of a Vice President, who, as 1 have already
said, is selected less with reference to his pecu-
liar fitness than to certain political considera-
tions of the hour. As my friend says, he is
thrown in for a make-weight, and then, as we
know, sometimes in the providence of God
the make-weight becomes the Chief Magistrate.
Now, it seems to me important that if possible
we should provide against any recurrence of
the difficulties on that head.
But suppose the proposition of the commit-
tee to stand as it is reported, I am brought
then to the question which was raised by the
Senator from Maine, whether it should be ap-
plicable to a Viee President who in the provi-
dence of God has been called to be President.
I am on that point obliged to go with the com-
mittee. It, seems to nic that all the evil which
wo wish to guard against in the case of the
President naturally arises in the case of a Vice
President who becomes President. I say that
on tho reason of the case, and then I say it on
the melancholy history of this Hepnblic. _ The
three cases in our history which must distinctly
teach the necessity of the amendment which
is now before us are the cases of three Vice
Presidents who in the providence of God be-
came Presidents. I think but for these three
cases nobody would have thought of the prop-
osition which is now before us. It is to meet
the difficulties which we have found to arise
from a Vice President becoming President,
and then hearkening to those whisperings and
temptations which unhappily visit a person in
his situation that we have been led. to con-
template the necessity of such a change. I
hope, therefore, if the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Vermont is not taken as a substitute
for that of the committee, that.the words of
the committee will be preserved as they have
been reported without any change.
Now, while I am up and the question is in
regard to the amendment relating to the office
of President, I desire to say that 1 am disposed
to go still further. I wish an additional amend-
ment, one that has not been presented to the
Senate in this discussion, though it is not un-
known in this Chamber, for distinguished Sen-
