1867.
THE CONGEESSIOKAXi GLOBE.
1819
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18,1866 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 149) to extend
aid and facilities to citizens of the United
States engaged in the survey of a route for a
ship-canal across the Isthmus of Darien ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to permit
the owner of the yacht Mayflower to change
the name of the same to that of Silvie, and to
issue an American register to the steam yacht
Glance; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) for the
relief of Martha McCook.
PAY OF OFFICERS OF REVENUE-CUTTERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the regular
order of business, to-day being set apart for the
consideration of the business of the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT jrro tempore. The Chair
is advised that by special order to-day, at one
o'clock, was set apart for the .consideration
of bills reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, and those bills are now properly before
the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 900.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 900) to fix the
compensation of the officers of the revenue-
cutter service, and for other purposes.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill, with an amendment to strike out the
second section, in the following words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 31st day of December, 1866, each officer of
the revenue-cutter service, while on duty, shall be
entitled to one Navy ration per day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the amounts that are to be allowed to the sev-
eral officers read.
The Secretary read the first section of the
bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That from and after the 31st day
of December, 1866, the compensation of the officers
of the revenue-cutter service shall bo at the following
rates, namely:
Duty pay—Captains, $2,500 per annum; first lieu-
tenants and chief engineers,$l,800per annum; second
lieutenants and first assistant engineers, $1,500 per
annum ; third lieutenants andsecond assistant engin-
eers, $1,200 per annum. Pay on leave of absence or
while waiting orders—Captains, 61,800 per annum;
first lioutenants and chief engineers, $1,500 per an-
num; second lieutenants and first assistant engineers,
$1,200 per annum; third lieutenants and second as-
sistant engineers, $900per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now ask the Secre-
tary to read the last section of the bill in regard
to the appropriation.
The Secretary read the third section, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to carry out the provisions
ot' this act during the last half of the current fiscal
year, and during the fiscal year ending June 30,1868,
the sum of $133,400 is hereby appropriated for the
expenses of the revenue-cutter service, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It covers the last half
of this fiscal year and the whole of the next?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the
Committee on Commerce whether they had
not better drop the amendment that they pro-
pose. It strikes me that the pay which is
granted is none too high, even with the addi-
tional ration. I do not know what the reason
of the Committee on Commerce was for pro-
posing that amendment. I do not know what
the amount of it would be.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the
Committee on Commerce were opposed to a
ration in any service of the Government. I do
not believe myself that the pay is too much,
neither did the committee; but they preferred
that the amount of pay should be stated rather
than be given in the form of rations. If it is
the opinion of the Senate that the ration
should be retained I am perfectly content. It
was simply an objection to that form of com-
pensation on the part of the committee. Still,
both the Army and the Navy have rations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know why it
may not just as well be extended to the rev-
enue-cutter service.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not resist a
motion from the Senator from Maine that that
amendment be not acceded to 'if he makes
the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is on
adopting the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out the
second section of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that the only amend- ;
ment?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the only one.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do I understand the Sen- !
ator from Maine to be in favor of the ration ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought on hearing
the pay read over that even with the ration it j
would not be any too much.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am of the same view. I
shall vote with the Senator on that question.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. j
QUARANTINE VESSELS AT NEW YORK. j
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 275.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, !
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 275)
to extend the time for the use of certain ves-
sels for quarantine purposes at the port of New
York. It proposes to continue for two years
the authority conferred by joint resolution of
March 24, 1866, upon the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy, respectively, to
place, in their discretion gratuitously, at the
disposal of the commissioners of quarantine,
or the proper authorities of any of the ports of
the United States, to be used by them tempo-
rarily for quarantine purposes, such vessels or
hulks belonging to the United States as are
not required for other uses.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 859) to declare valid and
conclusive certain proclamations of the Presi-
dent, and acts done in pursuance thereof or
of his orders, in suppression of the late rebel-
lion against the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1173) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for otfyer purposes.
CONTRACTORS FOR IRON-CLADS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senator from Michigan and the Senate,
I desire at this point to call up a bill which is
upon the table for the purpose of having a
committee of conference upon it.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 220) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels-of-
war and steam machinery.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hendricks, Mr. Axthont, and Mr. Wil-
I,EY.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the consent of
the Senator from Michigan, I shoqjd like to
have the bills just received from the House of
Representatives taken up, read, and referred.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 859) to declare valid and conclusive cer-
tain proclamations of the President, and acts
done in pursuance thereof or of his orders, in
the suppression of the late rebellion, was reail
twice by its title, and referred to the Cciimittea
on the Judiciary; and the bill (H. R. No. 1173)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30,1868, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
FINES AND PENALTIES UNDER CUSTOMS LAWS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 577.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 577) to regulate the
disposition of the proceeds of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under the laws relat-
ing to the customs. It provides that from the
proceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeitures in-
curred under the provisions of the laws relat-
ing to the customs there shall be deducted such
charges and expenses as are by law in each
case authorized to be deducted; and in addi-
tion, in case of the forfeiture of imported mer-
chandise on which duties have not been paid,
or in case of a release thereof upon payment
of its appraised value, or of any fine or com-
position in money, there shall also be deducted
an amount equivalent to the duties in coin upon
such merchandise, (including the additional
duties, if any,) which shall be credited in the
accounts of the collector as duties received,
and the residue of the proceeds is to be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and
distributed, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in the manner following,
to wit: one half to the U nited States; one fourth
to the person giving the information which has
led to the seizure, or to the recovery of the fine
or penalty, and if there be no informer other
than the collector, naval officer, or surveyor,
then to the United States; and the remaining
one fourth to be equally divided between the
collector, naval officer, and surveyor, or such
of them as are appointed for the district in
which the seizure has been made, or the fine
or penalty incurred, or, if there be only a col-
lector, then to such collector. But where any
fine, penalty, or forfeiture, incurred by virtue
of the laws relating to customs, shall be recov-
ered in consequence of any information given
by an officer of a revenue-cutter, the proceeds
are, after the legal deductions have been made,
to be disposed of as follows : one fourth to the
United States ; one fourth to the officers of the
customs, as hereinbefore provided; and the
remainder to the officers o£ such revenue-cut-
ter, to be divided among them in proportion to
their pay.
Whenever it shall be made to appear to the
satisfaction of the judge of the district court
for any district in the United States, by com-
plaint and affidavit, that any fraud on the
revenue has been committed by any person
or persons interested or in any way engaged
in the importation or entry of merchandise
at any port within such district, the judge is
forthwith to issue his warrant, directed to the
marshal of the district, requiring him by himself
or deputy to enter any place or premises where
any invoices, books, or papers are deposited
relating to the merchandise in respect to which
such fraud is alleged to have been committed,
and to take possession of such books or papers
and produce them before the judge; and any
invoices, books, or papers so seized are to be
subject to the order of the judge, who shall
allow the examination of them by the col-
lector of customs of the port into which the
alleged fraudulent importation shall have been
made, or by any officer duly authorized by the
collector. Such invoices, books, or papers
may be retained by the judge as long as in his
opinion their retention may be necessary ; but
