1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
no warrant for such seizure is to be issued
unless the complainant shall set forth distinctly
and specifically the fraud alleged, its nature,
and the importations in respect to which it was
committed, and the papers to be seized. And
the warrant issued on such complaint, with
report of service and proceedings thereon, is to
be returned as other warrants to the court of
the district within which such judge presides.
Whenever the collector or other chief officer
of the customs of any port shall be notified in
writing by the owner or consignee of any ves-
sel or vehicle, arriving from any foreign port
or place, of a lien for freight on any merchan-
dise imported in such vessel or vehicle, and
remaining in his custody, such collector or
other officer is authorized to refuse the delivery
of such merchandise from any public or bonded
warehouse, or other place in which it shall be
deposited, until proof to his satisfaction shall
be produced that the freight due thereon has
been paid or secured; but the rights of the
United States are not to be prejudiced thereby,
nor are the United States or its officers to be
in any manner liable for losses consequent
upon such refusal to deliver; and if merchan-
dise so subject to alien, regarding which notice
has been filed, shall be forfeited to the United
States and sold, the freight due thereon shall
be paid from the proceeds of such sale in the
same manner as other charges and expenses
now authorized by law to be paid therefrom.
The fourth section repeals the ninety-first
section of the act to regulate the collection
of duties on imports and tonnage, approved
March 2, 1799; the seventh section of an act
to prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue,
to provide for the more certain and speedy col-
lection of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863; the seventeenth section of the act
further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes, approved July 18, 1866, and all
other laws or parts of laws inconsistent with
or supplied by the provisions of this act. The
Secretary of the Treasury is to prescribe all
needful regulations to carry out and enforce
the provisions of the act.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, in section one, line
twenty-nine, after the word "deductions," to
insert "including the deductions herein au-
thorized.:'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
in section one, line twenty-one,"by striking out
the words " United States " and inserting the
words "officer making the seizure;" so as to
read:
One fourth to the person giving the information
which has led to the seizure, or to the recovery of
the fine or penalty, and if there be no informer other
than the collector, naval officer, or surveyor, then to
the officer making the seizure.
The object of tlx# amendment is to provide
a stimulus to the subordinates in the customs
department to look out for smuggling and to
make seizures whenever they can, instead of
holding out to them the temptation of being
bribed. As the law is now administered, a
subordinate who only gets a small salary may
be ever so vigilant, he may sit up nights to
watch and seize smuggled goods, and yet he
receives no part of the forfeiture. An informer,
in the sense in which it is understood in the
department, is some outside, unofficial person
who communicates information which causes
the seizure. The object of this amendment is,
in the case where there is no such outside in-
former, to reward the zeal and fidelity of the
seizing officer himself by giving him the share
of the proceeds that the informer would take
if there were one. From my observation and
experience in the custom-house at New York
this summer in making investigations, I was
satisfied that it would greatly improve the pub-
lie service to make this provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. CRESWELL, the title of
the bill was amended by adding the words
"and for other purposes.''
GOLD CHRONOMETER TO CAPTAIN WEBSTER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 252.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 252)
to permit Captain John A. Webster, jr., of the
steamer Mahoning, to receive fro pi the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain a gold chronometer.
It allows John A. Webster, jr., of the revenue-
cutter service, captain of the steamer Mahon-
ing, to receive from the Government of Great
Britain a gold chronometer which that Govern-
ment is desirous to award to him, in token of
its appreciation of valuable services rendered
by him to several British vessels in distress on
our coast.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of
the Senator from Michigan, I desire to make
a report. I am directed by the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
"An act concerning the fire department of
Washington city," approved February 18,1867,
to report it without amendment and recom-
mend its passage ; and I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; do not ask me
to yield for that.
Mr. MORRILL. It simply corrects an error
in a bill which passed two or three days ago,
and it is absolutely necessary to pass it now
and let it go the House in season to correct that
error. I take it, it will occupy but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to repeal so much
of the act concerning the fire department of
Washington city, approved February 18, 1867,
as provides for the use and occupation of the
Union engine-house for the city of Washington.
Mr. MORRILL. These engine-houses are
the property of the Government. During the
war they were in the possession of the Govern-
ment ; but ordinarily they are used by the city
authorities. The bill to which this is amend-
atory was to transfer these engine-houses back
to the city. Inadvertently, however, I em-
braced one engine-house which is still in use
by the Government and was not intended to be
included in the bill; and this is simply to cor-
rect that error.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
RIVER AND IIAHBOK Bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1154.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1154) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works here-
tofore commenced under the authority of law,
and for other purposes.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in line sixty-two of section one,
after the appropriation of $150,000 "for the
improvement of St. Clair flats in Michigan ''
to insert:
To be expended in accordance with the plans and
specifications of Colonel T. J. Cram, in his report of
December 10,1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert afterline
one hundred and twenty-five of section one:
For improving the harbor of Burlington, Vermont,
$80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tbe next amendment was to strike out the
following clause in lines one hundred and fifty-
nine and one hundred and sixty of section one:
For improving navigation on the Mississippi river
at Des Moines, or lower rapids, 81,000,000.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. Before the vote is taken
I hope the committed will state the reasons
which have governed them in making this
recommendation. It is one that takes me
greatly by surprise, as it will the region of the
country where I live. I should be glad to have
such reasons assigned as will be satisfactory
to our people if the proposed amendment is to
be made.
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimate on which
this item was embraced in the bill was made by
a cavalry officer, a very gallant gentleman, who
graduated, I think, in 1860, and of course,
therefore, can have had no very great amount
of engineering experience. He recommended
an entire change in the plan hitherto pursued.
Heretofore the impression has been that the
Des Moines rapidfs could be blasted in the river,
and dams thrown up so as to form a suitable
current; but General Wilson in his report
recommends an entire change, and proposes
the construction of a canal, and he says:
"The estimated amount that can be profitably
expended during tho fiscal year ending June 30,1867,
is $1,000,000, including the $200,000 already appropri-
ated. The estimated amount that can be profitably
expended during the fiscal year ending June 30,1868,
is $1,000,000. Carefully prepared estimates of cost and
general plans of the proposed canal, with a map of the
rapids, are submitted herewith."
It was perfectly clear to the committee that
$1,000,000 could ncrt be profitably expended
in any work between this time and the 1st
of July, 1867. There seems to be an error
there, for they could hardly get to work before
that time ; and the bill does not ?ay " for the
construction of a canal at these rapids," but
it says " for improving navigation on the Mis-
sissippi river at Des Moines or lower rapids,
$1,000,000." The committee were of the im-
pression that before so great a change should
be made as the construction of a canal there
should be a further investigation. There was
evidently an error in the estimate of $1,000,000
for the residue of this year, for that could not
be expended this year. Then he says that for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, $1,000,000
will be needed, and he estimates the whole
cost of the work at some four or five million
dollars. It is a pretty heavy work. All the
engineers who had surveyed the work prior
to General Wilson had recommended another
plan. He proposes to change the whole plan
of the work ; and the committee thought, and
were unanimous in that opinion, that be-
fore so great a change should be made fur-
ther surveys and further investigation should
be made. They therefore recommended the
striking out of this clause. According to the re-
port of General Wilson, there are now $200,000
of a former appropriation unexpended, and
that would seem to be all that would be re-
quired for the present fiscal year if they pro-
ceeded on the old plan ; and if a new plan is
to be adopted, of course new surveys can be
ordered by older and more experienced engi-
neers before the next session of Congress. The
committee were unanimously of opinion that
this very large appropriation had better not be
made at this time.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Feeling an interest as
I do in the improvement of these rapids, I
thought it proper to make some examination
of the reports made by General Wilson and
the recommendations made by General Hum-
phreys. I am glad to find that there is no
more serious objection to this appropriation
than the fact that the engineer by whom the
survey was made is said to be a young man.
I do not know his precise age. I do not know
whether the committee have examined that
point or not. He certainly was old enough
and had reputation enough to be assigned to
this duty by his proper superiors, and I am
glad to find that the report made by him is
indorsed by them. The chairman of tie com-
mittee reai a statement, which he said was
