1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ators faho once occupied these seats have ofteti
or more than once advocated it—I mean an
amendment t0 the Constitution that shall cause
the President to be chosen directly by the peo-
ple of the United States without the interven-
tion ' of Electoral Colleges. Such an amend-
ment would give to every individual voter,
wherever he might be, a certain weight in the
election. It would give to minorities in dis-
tant States an opportunity of being heard in
determining who shall be Chief Magistrate.
Now, as -we know practically, they are of no
consequence. Such an amendment, it seems
to me, would be of peculiar value. It would
be in harmony, too, with those ideas which
belong to this hour of the unity of this Repub-
lic. I know nothing that would contribute
more to bring all the people, if I may say so,
to mass all the people in one united whole,
than to make the Presidency directly eligible
by their votes without the intervention of an
Electoral College. But there is no such propo-
sition before us at this moment, nor is there
any such proposition as I have alluded to with
regard to the office of Vice-President. I hope,
however, that both of these subjects will not
be allowed to pass out of the mind of the Sen-
ate, and that some time or other we shall be
able to act on them in a practical way.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I feel some
hesitation in supporting any amendment of the
Constitution in reference to the election or
term of the President. I have long thought,
however, that it would be But reasonable to
limit an incumbent to one term and forbid his
ineligibility, and I shall therefore vote for the
amendment recommended by the Committee
on the Judiciary. But I am entirely opposed
to extending the duration of the presidential
term. I think the history of the country shows
that it is not too short. The frequent recur-
rence of the presidential election is no more
an inconvenience to the people or to the Gov-
ernment than the frequent election of Repre-
sentatives ; it is, indeed, substantially the same
process, and it is as easy to elect a President
once in. two years certainly, as to elect the
memberaof the House of Representatives once
in two years; and I do not see what is to be
gained to the cause of republican liberty by
the extension of the term. It strikes me that
the observations of the honorable Senator from
Ohio on this point are weighty and well worthy
of our consideration. We ought not to per-
mit it to be understood or inferred that the
presidential office is anything but an elective,
popular office, dependent upon the will of the
nation; and I see no reason why there should
not be frequent recurrences of the exercise of
the elective franchise in respect to it.
Now, sir, I have in my mind a tolerably good
illustration of this principle of allowing the
President to hold a term of office for six years.
I call the attention of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the fact that we once had a .lames
Buchanan as President of the United States ;
and was it not a most fortunate thing for this
•country and the cause of human liberty that
the term of that gentleman expired at the end
of four years ? Suppose he had had possession
of the office under the Constitution for six years
instead of four, and had held on until the 4tli
of March, 1803, aided and assisted by those
pinks of political honesty and honor, the Floyds,
the Thompsons, the Touceys, and all that class
of men. I ask you, sir, and I ask the gentle-
men who favor the extension of the presiden-
tial term,.'what would have been the condition
of the United States of America at this time?
Vv e should have lost the ease, the Government
would have been destroyed by the protracted
.and persevering treachery of that Cabinet, and
mstead of seeing the "United States of America
to-day represented 111 Congress assembled, we
should have seen a universal anarchy from one
end of.the land to the other, and the rebel
States installed in the possession of independ-
ence and sovereign power as a nation and tee-
ogniied as such by the other nations of the
earth. Oar great experiment of self-govern-
ment in that case would have miserably failed.
It was, in my judgment, a most fortunate cir-
cumstance that the term of James Buchanan
expired on the 4th of March, 1801, instead of
1863.
The honorable Senator [Mr. Poland] re-
marks that the mistake committed was that he
was elected at all to the Office of President.
Well, sir, we are just as liable hereafter-to
commit similar mistakes; it is in the nature
of our institutions that the people may from
time to time be imposed upon by an incompe-
tent, Faithless, or traitorous Chief Magistrate.
We wore imposed upon then undoubtedly, but
it will not follow that because we were once
imposed upon we shall not again be imposed
upon by means of similar political agencies
and intrigues. The thing is to be expected
almost as a matter of course, and the liability
ought by no means to be overlooked.
If it were left to me—and I have not been with-
out some reflection oa this subject whether to
extend the presidential term or abbreviate it—
I should certainly abbreviate it, and elect a
President as frequently as members of the
House of Representatives are elected ; and be-
sides, eleCt him by the popular vote, precisely
in the same way; but I do not now care to
disturb the ancient arrangement under which
we have lived for so many years, and I think
it unwise to attempt it. I shall vote against the
amendment extending the term of the Presi-
dent offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Nor would I except out of the operation of
the proposed amendment the present incum-
bent of the presidential chair, as has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Connecticut. The
amendment suggests a fundamental alteration
in our Constitution in reference to the eligibil-
ity of persons who have once exercised the
presidential office. Has that honorable Sena-
tor discovered such beauties, such attractions
in the political administration of the present
incumbcnt as in his judgment to make it ne-
cessary and proper for us to exempt him from
the operation of the general rule we propose
now to establish? Is there anything in his
administration or in liis history, or is there
likely to be anything in his future history and
career, that would justify us in making him an
exception? Although I have marked his course
most diligently and sought to discover as with ,
a microscope the political virtues that pertain
to him, I have not been able to see them in
such quantities as to induce me to make An-
drew Johnson such an exception. On the
other hand, speaking of course with all the
charity and forbearance that I ought to exer-
cise toward absent persons, I am prepared to
say that if there be a living man within the
limits of the United States to whom this re-
striction ought in justice and upon every con-
sideration of policy to be applied that man is
the present, incumbent. The Senator from Con-
necticut, however, would release him from the
operation of the rule, while, as it would seem,
he would be entirely willing that the exclusion
should apply to Mr. Fillmore, still living, and
to Mr. Pierce, also a subsisting ex-President
of the United States, and to Buchanan.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator i3 mistaken;
my proposition saves them also; it saves every
man who has ever held the office.
Mr. HOWARD. Possibly I maybe incor-
rect in the construction given to the Senator's
amendment. But, sir, I put this upon the
ground which I have mentioned, that of all
living men the present incumbent is in my
opinion least deserving to be allowed the priv-
ilege of being elected President of the United
States. However, that is a danger which need
not alarm the most timid, for if there be any
future imaginary event at which gentlemen
of ordinary firmness and resolution ought not
to be frightened it is the election of Andrew
Johnson as President of the United States. I
regard it as a .mere chimera of the disturbed
brain, not, I will say, of Andrew Johnson, but
of those gentlemen who, a few months' ago,
told us that with the banner of Johnson and
State rights they were going" to sweep the coun-
try, .to reverse the present order of things en-
tirely and bring into these Halls a full repre-
sentation of the southern States, which we had
just conquered with our arms, and which they
seemed to regard and now seem to regard as
persecuted, injured communities.
Iwill'say UO-more upon this subject. I am
entirely bppo'Sed to the prolongation of the
presidential term. ,
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope, Mr  President,
that the consideration <jf this measure will hot
be Concluded to-day, as I desire to speak to
one point which T think important in connec-
tion with presidential elections in this country.
I was glad to hear the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] suggest that there was
another reform more important than that which
has been introduced to the attention of the
Senate by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
and that is, that in the choice of President by
the people they shall exercise their choice
directly and not through intermediate agents.
But, sir, I should be unwilling to vote for the
proposition for which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes to contend. He proposes
to have votes given by the people directly for
candidates for President and vice President
upon the ordinary majority or plurality rule
which prevails at elections. The Senator from
Massachusetts is in favor of having this power
of selection exclusively lodged in and exercised
by the people of the United States themselves.
Ho says that; I presume he thinks that; but
in point of fact, if the Senator will come to
analyze the measure which he proposes to jup-
port he will ascertain that he stops far short
of his object.
Now, what I would desire would be that the
people of the United States should in point of
fact, and not in point of theory merely, select
their chief Executive Magistrate, and the alter-
nate who accompanies him always before them
as an associate candidate, I mean the Vice
President.
According to the accepted rule you submit
in each State to the choice of a majority or a
plurality, a certain number of electors to which
the State may be entitled. You proceed to
count the votes of one portion of the people of
that State; you reject and ignore and exclude
the vote's of all others. You do this upon a
system.. You do it throughout the country.
Hence it is that your elections are a matter of
chance, a matter of accident; there is no cer-
tainty that the real voice of the people, ae ex-
pressed by their ballots, will be executed in
the Government of the United States; that the
head of this Government will take office by vir-
tue of real votes given to him by those in whom
the popular sovereignty of this country is
lodged.
Sir, Would it not have been admirable in
1860 that in all parts of the United States
every man's vote should have been counted
for what it was worth upon tlie result, that
there should have been no ignoring of minori-
ties anywhere? And would it not be an ad-
mirable rule for the future to provide that any
political interest however small in a State
should have its vote taken into account in the
decision of this most important of our popular
elections ? If an opportunity shall be afforded
me before this debate is concluded I will en-
deavor to show to the Senate, without con-
suming much time, that there is a necessity for
reform in the manner in which the sense of
the people of the United States is taken in
selecting their Chief Magistrate, and that a re-
form directed to this point may be easily and
conveniently carried into practice under an
amendment to the Constitution, or perhaps with-
out an amendment of the Constitution, by a
mere statute enacted by Congress.
Mr. President, there is another point con-
nected with presidential elections upon which
we may act and. act completely as a legislative
, ,,an4 ^kat is the time when the presiden-
tial election shall be held. There are very
strong reasons of convenience arid of policy
