mm,.
Tm. G^WBlSSIOIMiL (*LOBE.
881
for the contingency without the .passage of this
law.
But I did not intend to debate it. Wb now
know the reason which is suggested by the
gentleman having the bill in charge; the conn-
try knows.it. Unquestionably th'at is the
reason that governs Mm. I think, in view of
the fact that the Senate, without the_ passage
of a law, can place the Government in a very
secure position so far as the presidential office
is concerned, there is no great force in the
reason given by the Senator, and I shall not
be able to vote for this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON obtained the floor.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becotftes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. POLAND. I hope we sBall be per-.
mitted to proceed with this bill. I apprehend
it will not take very much time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move to postpone the order of the
day ?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will withdraw
that motion and allow the unfinished business
of yesterday to lie over informally, I shall not
object. I have a bill that I want to come up
after this.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us get through with
this.
Mr. WADE. I am willing, provided the
order of the day is allowed to go over inform-
ally.
Mr. JOHNSON. The vote will betaken in
a moment. I am not about to discuss the bill;
I merely rose to ask a question of the Chair.
I wanted to know, for I am ashamed to say I
do not know, whether the President pro tem-
pore chosen by .the Senate holds over? To
apply it to a case which occurs, suppose we
elect as President pro tempore, on the last
day of the present session, or at any other
time, one who is a member of the next Senate,
will he not be President pro tempore of the
Senate ? If so, there will then be two lives
which will secure against an interregnum of
the presidency—the life of the actual incum-
bent and the life of the President pro tempore
of the Senate. I ask the Chair for informa-
tion, being better acquainted with it, I am
sure, than I am.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The im-
pression of the Chair is, as the Senator from
Vermont answered, that the President pro
tempore of the body, elected before the close
of a session, although that is the close of a
Congress, continues, being a member of the
body, to be the President pro tempore of the
Senate during the vacation. Of course, how-
ever. the Chair does not undertake to decide a
matter of that sort, except so far agto give his
own opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; I take it for
granted that that is so, although I am not cer-
tain. Then the contingency of there being a
vacancy in the executive department, in the
office of President of the United States, will
depend on the death of the present incumbent
and the death of the President^woiewyxveof the
Senate- during the interval that may elapse
between the adjournment of this Congress and
the assembling of the next Congress in Decem-
ber, provided we do not pass this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will proceed with this bill unless some one calls
for the order of the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to make an
addition to the amendment which the Senate
has already adopted to the second section of
the bill. The amendment as adopted by the
Senate is—
That no person who was a member of tho previous
Congress shall receive any compensation as mileage
for going to or returning from the additional session
provided l'or by the foregoing section.
I propose to add to that these words:
Unless there be a recess in such session for more
than thirty days, in which ease the members of tho
ftnmer Congress shall reccive mileage.
That is to provide for the travel in case there
should be that extended recess, • The amend-
ment which the Senate has adopted is based
upon the idea that the Senators of this Congress
who shall be members of the next Congress
will be here at the adjournment, and they will
in fact do no traveling, and that any mileage
paid to them would be what has been'hereto-
fore known as. constructive mileage. I <fo hot
think that mileage should be paid. The pro-
vision of the section is well enough; but sup-
pose there be a re.cess during the next session
of Congress of more than thirty days, then in
fact the members will have to travel to their
homes and return again to meet the Congress,
or else remain here all the time, wjiich they
probably would aot do. I offer this amend-
ment because I believe this bill is to result in
a continuous session of Congress after the 4th
of March, with recesses. That is my opinion
of it. I look for recesses in the next session
of Congress, and that members will have to
travel back and forward to their homes; and
if they do travel in fact, and that travel is made
necessary by this law and by the action of
Congress in taking recesses, it is right that
they should have the mileage.
Mr. POLAND. I do not see any necessity
or any propriety in having this provision in
relation to the session of Congress provided
for by this bill any more than in relation to
any other sessiomof -Congress j nor do I see
any reason why that amendment should apply
to this additional session of Congress that we
create by this bill any tnore than it should ap-
ply to the recess we have had over the Christ-
mas holidays, the ordinary recess which is
usually had at the sessions of Congress that
are now provided for.
As to this fear that is intimated by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, that the ordinary vacation
from the 4th of March to December is to be
filled up by a continuous number of recesses,
that that is the object of this bill, that it is a
mere entering wedge to bring that about, I
think nothing would be wanting to make that
so but the adoption of the Senator's amend-
ment. If the members of Congress are to be
paid a mileage for as many recesses as they
can take from the -1th of March up to Decem-
ber, I apprehend it may turn out, as the Sena-
tor from Indiana fears, that the time will be
filled up in that way. I think that the way to
prevent what he fears is to keep off his amend-
ment; not adopt it; leave the bill to stand as
it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I wish to say that the pur-
pose I have in offering this amendment is to
prevent such recesses. I believe it will become
a vicious practice, and if the members of Con-
gress know that it is to throw upon the Treas-
ury additional cost they will be likely to go on
and complete their business and adjourn as
Congresses have heretofore done.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, the effect of
this amendment seems to be different in the
mind of the Senator to what it is in my own.
I think the very danger that he apprehends of
rccesses will be promoted by providing that the
members of both Houses of Congress shall be
jjaid for them provided they have them. This
tear that will be entertained, as the Senator
says, by members of getting money out of the
Treasury is one that I have usually noticed does
not prevail to any great extent when the money
that comes out of the Treasury is going into
their own pockets.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read a third time. It was read the
third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW and Mr. RIDDLE called
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—-yeas 20, nays 7 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Cre^well, Kdmunds. Fessenden, Fo^g, Foster,
Grimes, Henderson, Howard, liowe, Kirkwood, Lano,
Morpan, Morrill, Poland, Katnscy, Sherman, Stow-
art, Sumner, Van Wmklo, Wade, Wiliey, and Wil-
li aras—2(5,
tNAYS—Messrs. Bockalew, Hendricks, Johnson,
Norton, Patterson, Kiddle-, and Sauisbury—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Boolittle, Fowler, Irelipehuysen, Guthrie,
Harris, McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Poroeroy, Bass.
Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—19,
So the bill was passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, the bill (H. R. No.
508} to amend the organic acts of the Territo-
ries of Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Montana,
Washington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New
Mexico is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the question' pending
being on the amendment offered yesterday by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. If it is in order I desire to
present a substitute for that amendment. I
offered an amendment yesterday upon which
no vote was taken, and I presume, therefore,
I am at liberty now to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempere. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. Then, instead of that amend-
ment, I move to amend the bill by striking oat
all after the enacting clause and inserting the
following:
That from and after the passage of this act there
shall be no denial of the elective franchise in any of
the Territories of the United States to any citizen
thereof on account of raee, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude: and all acts or part of aets. either
<vf Congress or of the Legislative Assemblies of said
Territories, inconsistent with the provisions of this
act, are hereby declared null and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should now like to hear
the whole bill read.
Mr. WADE. The whole of the House bill
was stricken out, and the amendment I have
just offered inserted. That is all there is in
the bill now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I am content.
The amendment made as ia Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that there is but
one section in the bill now. I wish to hear it
read.
The Secretary read the bill as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Territories whether that
will cover any case of future legislation by the
Territories : whether that is his understanding.
Suppose sotne Territory hereafter to be created
should enact a law prohibiting colored persons
from voting, would the prohibition of the pres-
ent bill apply?
Mr. WADE. I do not know but that it
would. It certainly refers to all the Territo-
ries now in existence, and it can be readily
amended to cover all others that there may be
hereafter.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it had better be
amended so as to apply to all futureTerritories.
Mr. IIOWE. I think there is no doubt that
it covers all the Territories.
Mr, HOWARD. Perhaps it may cover every
future case: but that may not be tile interpreta-
tion given to it, and I wish to make it certain.
Mr. GRIMES. All the country we have got
is included in some Territory or other.
Mr. WADE. I thought when I drew the
provision it would cover all the Territories we
have, and I think the provision is well enough
as it is; but if the Senator from Michigan
wants to amend it I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest that it be amended
so as to be applicable to any future Territory
that may be erected by Congress.
Mr. \^'ADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I propose to amend
the bill by inserting at the end of it thin clause:
And the provisions of this act shall bo applicable
to all Territories which arc now or may hereafter
i be organized.
i Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that the end pro-
1 posed by the Senator can be accomplished by
; inserting a word or two in the first line ot the
j' amendment instead of by the addition which
ii he proposes.
