1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
orders of ten dollars or less, or for orders exceeding
thirty dollars, would remedy the defect in question
and promote expedition and accuracy in the trans-
action of the business.
"At some post offices, particularly those located at
oenters of trade and eomnjereo, the number of orders
"paid very greatly exceeds the number issued, so that
the payment of orders constitutes the chief business
of these offices, and as the postmaster's compensation
for paying orders, being one eighth of one per cent,
on the amount thereof, is much less than for issuing
them, tor which he receives one third of the fees, it is
recommended thai the commission for paying orders
be increased from one eighth to one fourth of one
per cent., so as to afford postmasters at such offices a
compensation proportionate to their services."
In 1864 the tariff for money-orders was as
follows: for an order of one dollar and not
exceeding ten dollars, ten cents; for an order
exceeding ten dollars and not exceeding twenty
dollars, fifteen cents; for an order over twenty
dollars, twenty cents ; and the limit to money-
orders in that law was thirty dollars. It was
subsequently amended by the act of July 12,
1866, and the tariff for money-orders was then
changed'so as to bo for money-orders not ex-
ceeding twenty dollars, ten cents; and exceed-
ing twenty dollars up to fifty dollars, twenty-
five cents, and the limit of orders was increased
to fifty dollars. It seems to me that is a suf-
ficient explanation of this first section, and I
trust the Senate will think so. The second
section provides—
That in case of the loss of a money-order, a dupli-
cate thereof shall be issued by the superintendent of
the money-order office without charge, on the appli-
cation of the remitter or payee of the original, pro-
vided the applicant furnish a certificate from the
postmaster on whom the same was drawn that it had
not been and would not thereafter be paid, and a
similar certifioato from the postmaster by whom it
was issued that it had not been and would not bo
rcp.iid to tho purchaser; and a second foe shall not
bo charged for a duplicate money-order issued to
roplacc an order that has been rendered invalid be-
cause of non-presentation for payment within one
year after its date, or bccause of illegal indorse-
ments.
The Postmaster General in his report says :
" In ease of tho loss of a money-order tho owner, in
order to obtain a duplicate thereof, is required to
furnish a statement under oath or affirmation,'set-
ting forth tho loss or destruction of the original, to-
gether with a certificate from the postmaster by
whom it was payable that it has not been and will
not bo paid. A certificate must also be obtained from
the issuing postmaster that the order in question had
not been and will not be ropaid to tho purchaser. In
tho majority of oiisos tho applicant's information with
regard to tho loss of the original order is limited to
the fact that it was mailed at a certain office, but
failed Irorn causes unknown to him to roach tho per-
son addressed, llo is obliged, however, to furnish a
statement to that effect under oath, (which is to be
administered byihe postmaster without charge,) and
to defray tho cost of a fiyo-cont revenuo stamp affixed
to such statement. This additional expense is bur-
densome to the owner, who is rarely to be, blamed for
the loss of the original order, for which the regular
fpo had already been paid to tho Department, and
the latter having undertaken, in consideration of
that fee, to transfer through tho mails the sum of
money represented by tho order, should porforinthat
duty without exacting any further compensation,
fixperionco, moreover, shows that tho certificates of
both postmasters afford complote security against the
erroneous issue of a duplicato in lieu of an order that
had once been paid. It would seora, therefore, that
tho legal requirement from tho applicant of a sworn
statement as to tho loss or destruction of tho original
is entirely unnecessary as well as onerous, and should
be abolished. For similar roasons no charge what-
ever should be made for tho issuo of a duplicate order
to replacc an original that has become invalid be-
cause not presented within ono year after its dato or
because improperly indorsed. In such oases the in-
validation of the order is in itself a penalty for any
negligence of the bolder, who, on application, should
receive payment of his money by means of a dupli-
cate without a second fee.
That I trust is a sufficient explanation of
the necessity for the passage of the second
section. The third section provides—
That if any person shall falsely forge or counter-
feit, or willingly aid, assist, or abet in falsely forging
or counterfeiting or shall procure, directly or indi-
rectly, to bo lalsely forged or counterfeited any pos-
tal money-order, or any material signature or in-
dorsement to any postal money-order issued by the
Post Office Department or any of its -agents, for the
purposo and with the intent of obtaining or receiv-
mg, directly 01 indirectly, or of procuring or enabling
others to obtain or receive directly or indirectly, an?
sum or sums of money, and therobyto defraud either
the united btates or any person of such sum or sums
of money, or any part thereof, or shall pass, utter or
publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or publish as true
any such forged or counterfeited postal money-order'
with intent to defraud either the United States or any
person of any sum or sums of money, knowing such
postal money-order or any signature or indorsement
thereon to beso falsely forged or counterfeited, every
such person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and
being thereof duly convicted, shall be sonteneed to
to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period
of not more than five years, and to be fined in a sum
not exceeding five thousand dollars.
The Post Office Department conceived that
under no present law could the forging of
money-orders be prosecuted as a felony, and
hence they asked for this additional legislation,
to which, I presume, no one can have any ob-
jection. The Postmaster General says in his
report:
"During the last fiscal year five cases have occurred
of the payment of orders to persons who had forged
tho signatures of the payees. These persons had pre-
viously, through lack of precaution or injudicious
confidence of the remitter or payee, been put in pos-
session of all the information required to obtain pay-
ment of the order. To forge or counterfeit a money-
order is made a penal offense by the act of May 17;
1864, but there is no provision of law to punish the
forgery of the payee's signature, and as the latter
crimc is liable to be often repeated, especially at the
large offices, there is a necessity for additional legisla-
tion to provide an adequate punishment for it, as well
as for any attempt to obtain paymentof a money-or-
der by fraudulent means.
The fourth section provides:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Postmas-
ter General be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point in the bureau of the First Assistant Postmaster
General a superintendent of foreign mails, at an an-
nual salary of $3,000, and one additional clerk of class
four for that branch of the postal servicc, and that
the superintendent of the money-order system shall
receive an annual salary of $3,000.
I have a statement of the number of letters,
the number of newspapers, and the amount of
postage upon the correspondence exchanged
between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, each fiscal year from 1863 to 1866, inclu-
sive:
Years. Letters. Ifeiospapers. -Postages.
186 3 .....6,039,880 3,411,307 $1,520,494 01
186 4 7,024,430 3,546,507 1,642,050 12
1865  7.401,605 4,092,145 1,819,928 56
1866  9,430,546 4,186,166 2,289,219 30
All correspondence with post departments of
foreign countries, embracing the negotiations
of international postal treaties and arrange-
ments, which are conducted directly between
the heads of the respective post departments,
and also the direction and management of our
ocean mail steamship service to foreign coun-
tries, is assigned to the officer in charge of the
foreign mail service. Postal treaties and con-
ventions, establishing and regulating the inter-
change of correspondence in open or closed
mails have been concluded with Great Britain,
France, Prussia, Belgium, Italy, Hamburg, Bre-
men, the British North American Provinces,
Mexico, Guatemala, CostaRica, and Venezuela,
and negotiations artin progress for direct postal
arrangements with several other countries. A
new convention with Great Britain, on a very
liberal basis, has recently been negotiated, re-
ducing the international letter rate of postage
from twenty-four to twelve cents, and admit-
ting into the mails printed matter of all kinds
at low rates of postage, the advantages of which
will also accrue to all correspondence forwarded
to aud received from other countries of Europe
and Asia, through the British mails.
Negotiations have also been opened with the
French Post Department, with the view of
readjusting our postal convention with France
upon amore liberal basis; establishing not only
reduced rates of international postage, but also
providing for the territorial transit and sea
conveyance of correspondence in closed mails
through each country upon a basis of reci-
procity mutually advantageous to the public of
both countries. The recent establishment of
direct mail steamship lines to Brazil and to
Japan and China will enlarge the operations
of our foreign mail service, involving the neces-
sity of direct postal arrangements with the dif-
ferent countries of South America and Asia,
which can be reached by means of these new
routes of communication.
All this large and important branch of busi-
ness is now in the charge of a clerk. The
Department conceive that the importance of
his duty justifies an increase of his coin pen sa-
nation and a change in the denomination of
his office, so as to advance him to a higher
grade.,
The expense under this section will be, for
the superintendent $3,000, and for an addi-
tional clerk $1,400, making $4,400. Then
there is the superintendent of the money-order
system which has grown into vast consequence,
several hundred thousand money orders being
issued every year. It k proper that this im-
portant, servifee should be placed in the charge
of some responsible officer. _ It is all in charge
of a clerk, and the proposition is to ^ive that
officer some increased compensation. The pro-
vision is that he shall receive an annual salary
of $3,000, and there is provision also for two
clerks of the fourth class, amounting alto-
gether to an expenditure of $5,600.
The fifth section provides for the appoint-
ment in the bureau of the Third Assistant
Postmaster General of a superintendent of
dead-letters, at an annual salary of $2,000. I
presume it is not necessary for me to explain
to the Senate the importance of that branch
of the Post Office Department. The increase
of this business is evidenced by the number of
clerks which it employs. There are now some
eighty-five there employed, and the proposition
is to place as superintendent of this large office
an officer of this denomination, and to give him
a salary of $2,000, which certainly is not very
large. Then there is an addition by this sec-
tion of $2,000, making thus far $17,600 in-
creased expenditure.
The sixth section provides—
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint in the bureau of the Second
Assistant Postmaster General a superintendent of
domestic mails and a superintendent of inspection,
who, with the chief clerks of the three bureaus and
the topographer of the Post Office Department, shatl
each receive an annual salary of S2,500; also, to ap-
point an additional clerk, to be in charge of mail
bags, locks, and keys, at an annual salary of 82,000,
and an assistant topographer at a salary of $1,800
per annum.
I suppose every one will concede that in the
growth of the business of the Post Office De-
partment there must be a readjustment of its
management, of its government, and this is
all that this section provides for. Although
a number of clerks and bureau officers are
spoken of in it, all that it provides for amounts
to about ten thousand dollars in money, so
that the whole increase of expenditure pro-
posed by this bill in all its various provisions
is but $17,900 in this great Department of the
Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the honor-
able meftiber whether the measure is recom-
mended by the Post Office Department?
Mr. RAMSEY. All the sections have been
recommended by the Post Office Department
and closely scanned by the committee, and the
committee did not report favorably on them
until they were perfectly satisfied that the Post
Office Department was proper and within lim-
its in asking for them.
I have gone through the various sections of
the bill as reported by the committee. Two
or three sections were added by way of amend-
ment in the Senate which I can state very
briefly. The seventh section provides for au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to combine
the three blank agencies into one and concen-
trate them here at the City of Washington. In
that way, as I stated this morning, while the
aggregate salaries will be increased about
one thousand dollars, economy is expected to
be produced in the management of this branch
of business which will effect the saving of thou-
sands of dollars.
Another anrendment added by the Senate
was in reference to the compensation of letter-
carriers. We have received many petitions
from the City of New York, signed by the prin-
cipal merchants of the city, asking that addi-
tional compensation shall be allowed to the
letter-carriers there, who are some hundreds
in number. At present, as I before stated,
the maximum compensation allowed to them
is $900 a year. The committee thought it but
reasonable, and in this the Postmaster General
agreed with us, to carry up the maximum to
$1,200.
Now, sir, I have covered the whole ground,
