1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
and I really think upon reflection and reexam-
ination the committee did nothing very im-
proper in asking the Senate to pass this bill,
and the Senate did nothing very wrong in
passing if. I trust, then, that this action of
ours may be sustained by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose no one attrib-
utes to the Senator from Minnesota anything
wrong in the passage of this bill, but still I
think it very right, having been passed in so
thin a Senate, that it should have been recon-
sidered. My attention was called to the bill
this morning for the first time, and I am glad
that an opportunity has been given to recon-
sider it. I ask now for the reading of the sec-
tion which was added as an amendment to the
bill relative to the settlement of postmasters'
accounts.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be. end he 13 hereby, authorized to adjust and
settle the accounts of postmasters accruing prior to
the establishment of the system of salaries fordeputy
postmasters upon the basis of equity and justice: Pro-
vided, That such settlement shali not include any
case of official delinquency by any doputy post-
master.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope Senators will re-
flect a little upon the extensive power given
by this section to the Postmaster General. It
dispenses with the examination of Auditors and
Comptrollers and the whole machinery of the
Treasury Department in all cases of claims
made by postmasters before the passage of the
recent act fixing salaries for those officers. In
other words, the Postmaster General will be
authorized to settle at his pleasure, upon prin-
ciples of equity and justice, with every post-
master in the northern States, whether lie be a
defaulter or not.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is not correct
in that statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only restriction is
that the settlement shall not include any case
of official delinquency by any deputy postmas-
ter. Now, what is "official delinquency?"
When South Carolina went out, suppose a post-
master there had $10,000 in his hands which
he has not paid over to tlie Government; is
that a case of official delinquency ?
Mr. CONNESS. I say, yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hardly know what that
language means. At any rate, this amendment
removes these postmasters' accounts from the
ordinary supervision of the proper branch of
the Government constituted to have that super-
vision. It seems to me to be an extraordinary
provision to select the Postmaster General as a
general arbitrator of claims in his Department
growing out of the settlements of the accounts
of postmasters, whatever they may be, unless
they involve official delinquency, which is a
term vague and indefinite, and of the meaning
of which he is to bo the only and sole judge.
There is now an Auditor for the Post Oflice
Department to pass upon these things. There
are fixed rules and regulations and laws which
govern the adjustment of accounts. This re-
moves all these cases from that officer's jurisdic-
tion, and allows the Posmaster General to settle
them, not upon the rules and regulations that
govern the Department, but upon principles of
equity and justice; in other words, he becomes
the grand arbitrator of all things of this kind
in his Department. I do not see myself how
far this authority goes, nor am I prepared in
the present unsettled condition of affairs to
give the Postmaster General such authority.
I think that section ought not be added to this
bill.
The Senator from Minnesota says the bill
does not increase the expenses of the Post
Office Department more than about fifteen
thousand dollars, and he gives the precise
figures ; but it does contain a provision which
if once incorporated into this bill will involve
an increase of expenditure amounting to very
many tens of thousands of dollars. It is here
provided that the chief clerks in the bureaus
of the Post Office Department shall be entitled
to a salary of 82,500 a year. If that is once
enacted, how can you resist the same claim
when made by every chief clerk of a bureau in
every executive department? Are you pre-
pared for that? Are you willing to raise the
pay of the chief clerks of all the bureaus to
$2,500? How can you doit in the Post Office
Department, which has always been regarded
as the least important of all the Departments,
and not do it as to the others? How could
you resist such claim when made by the chief
clerks of the bureaus of the Treasury Depart-
ment, where the accounts are more compli-
cated? If you ingraft this provision on this
bill it will necessarily involve a gradation of
the salaries in all the Departments.
There is also in the same section a provision
raising the pay of ordinary clerks tb $2,000 a
year, and raising the pay of the assistant topog-
rapher and ingrafting on your postal service
at least three or four new offices with salaries
varying from twenty-five hundred to three
thousand dollars. It is true, the aggregate is
not much, but if certain persons who are now
fourth-class clerks can thus by name be raised
in the pay of their offices by giving them some
other name, the same principle must be adopted
in all the different Departments. Nothing can
be more difficult than the adjustment of the
salaries of the various officers of the Govern-
ment, and therefore I think it ought not to
be included in a bill of this kind under these
circumstances.
The fourth section makes two new offices in
the bureau of the First Assistant Postmaster
General, which, after all, is but a bureau of a
comparatively inferior Department of the Gov-
ernment—a superintendent of foreign mails at
an annual salary of $3,000, a service that has
usually been discharged by a fourth-class clerk,
and one additional clerk of class four, so that
you will have the same number of clerks and
besides that a new officer at a salary of $3,000
a year, instead of a salary of a fourth-class
clerk. Then you introduce a new officer,
called the superintendent of the money-order
system, a duty now performed by one of the
highest class clerks. The sixth section raises
the salaries of the chief clerks of the bureaus
of the Post Office Department to $2,500, as I
have stated.
Then it must be remembered that this hill
takes effect from its passage, and if it should
pass the House in a few days it will take effect
in avery short time, during the present session,
when we are this evening to consider a propo-
sition to give to the clerks an additional com-
pensation of twenty per cent. The result will
be that these salaries will be increased, and at
the same time they will get the benefit of the
resolution which the Senator from Oregon has
charge of, allowing twenty per cent.
It seems to me these things ought not to be
put into the bill. So far as the legislative
features of the bill are concerned I have 110
objection to them; I have no doubt the Senator
has stated them correctly and explained suf-
ficiently the necessity for them ; but I do not
think that the question of raising the compen-
sation of the various employes of the Govern-
ment should be introduced in this way, in a
bill of this kind, because wc cannot do it in
one Department of the Government without
doing it in all. I remember a case where the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Gmmks] proposed to
increase the salary of the Assistant Secretary
of the Navy to $4,000, and it was adopted.
The result was that from that time forward for
three years we had a controversy about the
salaries of the different Assistant Secretaries of
the various Departments of the Government,
until finally they were all settled at $3,500.
In this ease it is proposed to raise the salaries
of the chief clcrks of the three bureaus of the
least important branch of the Government,
and if it is done, as a matter of course the
same claim will be made by the chief clerks of
the bureaus of the other Departments. Per-
haps there are a hundred and more chief clerks
of bureaus in all the various Departments of
the Government. It is belter to meet that
claim directly as a legislative measure coming
up and being fully considered rather than to
meet it in a collateral way.
With- the exceptions I have stated I haare
no objection to this bill. The new section to
which I have referred I think is very mischiev-
ous in its effects. We cannot now see the
extent of it. It may embarrass the Govern-
ment in the settlement of postal accounts. I
see no reason why these postal accounts should
be withdrawn from the ordinary supervision
of .the accounting officers of the. Treasury.
This section undoubtedly does that, and it ap-
points the Postmaster General a general arbi-
trator to settle and adjust all the claims that
may be made by postmasters in the southern
States, unless he should judge that they arise
out of official delinquency. If it is in order,
I move to reconsider the vote adopting that
section.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand it to be the
section which provides that the Postmaster
General may settle the accounts of postmas-
ters on principles of equity and justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion is in order. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, to reconsider the
vote adopting the section named by him.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Ohio
objeets to this section and wishes it reconsid-
ered, wishes that it shall not remain as part of
the bill: he comments upon it, points out what
may be its dangerous tendencies, but he pro-
poses no amendment to it. He says that the
latter provision of the section, providing that
such settlements shall not extend to any case
where there existed official delinquency, is loose
and vague, but the Senator does not bring his
ability to bear in making it more precise than
it is now.
If the Senator had held the office of deputy
postmaster in one of our towns many years
since and had for his compensation the per-
centage then allowed by law, where not only
the percentage but the whole receipts amounted
to comparatively little, and yet in many in-
stances had to provide a house, a fire-proof
building, in which to receive the mails of the
United States that passed through that office,
for his handling of which and his care of which
he received not a cent or fraction of compen-
sation ; if he had had to sit up the live-long
night as the mails came in to attend to them
either by himself or through a deputy, and
the law allowed him 110 compensation whatever
cither for furnishing the building to transact
this business in or for the attention required
to be given, he would think it was a pretty
hard case when the United States district at-
torney was authorized to bring suit against him
in the premises on the instruction of the Au-
ditor of the Post Office Department. But it
has not fallen to the lot of the honorable Sen-
ator to be exposed thus and asked to defend
himself against a suit in the United States
courts for a trilling sum of money, but which
defense is necessary to be made, and where
ruin in reality is to follow.
I hope the Senator will be a little more
liberal in regard to this matter, and if he desires
to provide against the settlement of any south-
ern postmaster's accounts whore he reserved
moneys belonging to the Government, let him
offer a proviso to that cffect and let it be
adopted. The Postmaster General understands
very well the eases to which this would apply,
and he is in favor of such a provision, not I
undertake to say because it gives him patron-
age, not because it authorizes him to settle
these accounts, but because his attention is
taken up in a great degree, and that of the offi-
cers of the Department under him, by a host of
claim agents who are constantly engaged in
pressing him for a settlement of their accounts.
A large share of the time of the officers of the
Department is constantly engaged in reference
to accounts ante-dating the law fixing salaries,
which is precise in its character, and which
accounts ought to be adjusted and settled.
