January id,
-session otfV.tho Senate he is bound tofeiake an
rappointmeift, as he now is, and-thatsuchap-
.poirafciiieat'.nKigt'.be made by and-vrtth'.tfcte advice
and 'consent of the Senate, so'^hafctbts simply
•sempowers the President, ia •ease he should
aesleem-it necessary tortmovfe a>Cabinetofficer,
-to fill tK«; vacancy which is-ki-that Way effected
-ioriog the reeess ofthe Senate. • The beads of
•tlie Departments are a part of the executive
qjtower of the country. ' According to the theory
of the OoBStitobibrntfeeex^Cretive power is vested
•in the Pr4siSent?of the United States, and tliese
•kiaadsiof Departments are- subordinate officers
•.ofithe fiesident, immediately under'his super-
visiom * Threy; are persons under his immediate
'direction, «xcept_s  far as'tlieir specifie duties
,)iiay be prescribed-by law.- 'But the President
-eon-suits witih these beadsof Depar'tm etrts as to
•all measures of -his admijiifcation. They are
•regarded as his -confidential advisers; and
•certainly the law which creates that relation
•between the President and the heads of those
--Departments contemplates that there shall be
■a-state of harmony between all of them ; that
there shall toot 'be'a state of war in the execu-
tive department of the'.Go vernment; that it shall
jiot be divided against itself; but that the sub-
ordinates drthe heads off the different Depart-
ments shail.be in harmony, dr practical agree-
•iaent -'With-tte President by whom they are
.appointed.
. The chief reason that influenced me to make
-the exception was, that I thought something was
!due to the President of the United States—to
•that office. This bill undertakes to reverse
what has heretofore been the admitted practice
of the Government; and it seemed to me that
,it was due to the exalted office' of the President
of the United States, the Chief Magistrate -of
-the nation, that he shoald exercise this power;
that he should be left to chose Ms-own Cabinet,
and that he should be held-responsible, as he
will be', to -the-country for whatever acts that
Cabinet may perform..
It- is well understood that these heads of
Departments are not held directly responsible
for the acts of the Administration*; but the
^President is. made responsible, because
.regard to any and eyery act which they do that
is not-.prescribed by law-he -is considered as the
person who controls the act. It is under his
.direction; he is the man who exercises the
will. They cannot act,'as I understand, con-
trary to his will without empowering him at
this time to remove them from office and place
some other person in thei* office who will act
in accordance with-his views of public policy.
I know that there is room for disagreement -of
opinion; but it seemed to me that if we revo-
lutionize the practice of the Government in all
other respects, we mi^ht let this power temain
in the hands of the President of the United
States; that we ought not to strip him of this
power, which is one that it seems to me it is
necessary and reasonable that he should
exercise.
Mr. FOGG-. If the Senator from Oregon
will permit me, I would ask him if he believes
.that the President of the United States can be
impeached for any act of any member of his
Cabinet unless that act is directed personally
by himself. For instance, supposing the Sec-
retary of War shall have given an order which
shall be held to be unconstitutional and viola-
tive of the rights of the State authorities or of
the people of a State, and he shall have given
that order without consulting the President,
cannot that Secretary, and would not that Sec-
retary be impeached, and would it be possible
to impeach the President for such an act?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not suppose that
the President of the United States could be
impeached for an act performed by any officer
when lie was personally ignorant of the per-
formance of that act. Of course it would be
necessary to produce some evid'ence of his
complicity in the commission of the crime.
But let me put a case to the Senator: take
the condition of the country during the late
war; suppose the orders of the President
of the United States, upon whom devolved
the responsibility of the prosfjeution of that
war, "who is made by the Cpfistitution Com-
mander-in-Chief of the armies, and is there-
fore responsible to - thfe country,, had been
disobeyed by the Secretary.-of War -; and sup-
pose the Secretary'^f War Had set up an inde-
-pendeftt government, if 'I inlay so* express
■myself, and undertaken to tnanage' the armies
df the United States'without ariy.rfespect to
the wishes of the President; then ttfere would
-haute been:a difficulty &t once ; ttie ^ffieiehcy
of ttie Administration would tave'been practi-
cally destroyed.'
M.t. HOWE. Ihe 'President could suspend
-him under'the seeond section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That suggestion is suf-
ficient, -it seems to me,' to answer theargument
made by the Senat6r from Wisconsin, for under
this amendment if any member of-the Cabinet
'becomes incapable or incompetent or corrupt
he m&y be suspended by the President of the
United States. Now, if he may be suspended,
if he may be temporarily removed and another
man'put'in his place to discharge the duties
of the position until the next session of the
Senate", why not'let the'President lemove him ?
- Mr. HOWE. Why not in-all cases?.
•Mr. WILLIAMS. I claim that this power
on the part of 'th'e President is one that he ought-
to be allowed to exercise out of some respect
to his office—to the office which he occupies—
because these men occupy positions in refer-
ence to the President which no other officers
of the Government do occupy. Their relations
with the President are more intimate and con-
fidential than the relations of any other officers
in the Government. This may be an argument
entitled to no consideration in the judgment,
perhaps, of the Senate; bat I think, notwith-
standing tie office may not be administered as
it oilght to be, it is well enough fob the Amer-
ican peopH'to maintain some little respect for
the office of President of the United States, to
attach to it some little consequence, to suppose
that it is possessed of some little dignity, and
that the man who is made Chief Magistrate of
the United States by the people can be in-
trusted with some littleshare of power, enough,
at any rate, to make the office respectable. It
was upon that ground chiefly that this excep-
tion was made. I am not very particular
about it, but it appears that it should be made
in view of the practice of the Government and
the practice of the Senate. I am not as well
advised in regard to the practice of the Senate
as others here, but I understand that as a mat-
ter of courtesy the Senate generalljsconfirms
any man whom the President may designate as
the head of a Department. There may have
been exceptions, but the Senate has generally
acquiesced in the right of the President of the
United States to chtiose the members of his
own Cabinet; and as that has been the prac-
tice, and as it has been acquiesced in by the
Senate, it did not occur to me that there were
any very good or substantial reasons for
changing it as we have provided in the other
portions of the amendment of the committee
for the other officers under the Government.
Mr. -FESSENDEN. The Constitution im-
poses upon the President of the United States
the duty of executing the laws; it does not im-
pose that duty upon the Secretaries. They are
creatures of the law and not of the Constitution
directly. Some, and perhaps the greater part,
of their functions are as advisers of the Presi-
dent and to aid him in executing the laws in
their several Departments. There are some
duties that are specifically conferred upon them
by Congress. Their relation to the President,
as has been well said by gentlemen, is that
mostly of confidential advisers. With the ex-
ception of the particular duties imposed upon
them by law, and on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury more than on the others, they do nothing
of their own notion, but act by ox-der of the
President in discharging the particular duties
of their office. _ .
Standing in that relation to him, as his aids,
his confidential advisers, the men upon whop
he relies for advice in the first place and lor aid
in Carrying out what is determined to "be best in
the second, tlieir connection With him is a very
peculiar one. It is vei-y important as a general
principle Unquestionably, as all gentlefnen here
■will admit, that that' relation should be a har-
monious relation throughout; and, if we may
trust to what we have -heard, it is not many
years since it was eonsidered by the great ma-
jority of the Senate a sufficient reason for wish-
ing that the Cabinet'shouldbe changed in some
degree, because there'was the want of that har-
mcfnyamong'themselves, and consequently, per-
haps, with the President, that was desirable.
That being the peculiar condition of affairs,
it has always been considered since the foun-
dation of the Go vernment,as atnattfer of course,
as a general rule—there may have been one or
two exceptions, and I think there have'been,
but I am not very positive on that point—that
the President might select such persons as he
pleased to be members of his Cabinet. Of
course thje confirmation of the Senate is neces-
sary ; but the general idea of the Senate has
been, whether they'liked the men or not, to
confirm them without any.difficulty, because in
executing the great and varied interests of this
great country it is exceedingly important that
there should be the utmost' harmony between
those who are charged with that execution.
Now, if we reflect a moment we shall see
that the matters upon which Congress and the
President differ are not apt to be, even in a
case of difference of political views, very ex-
tensive. There are some matters that are im-
portant, some that are peculiar, those relating
to the views of a particular party organization
and the principles upon which that party wish
to conduct the affairs of Government; but after
all, the great business of Government in its
innumerable details goes far beyond any ques-
tion of that kind, and is not. such as parties
-would differ upon. They would differ as to
the men to hold office, perhaps, and the par-
ticular principles upon which particular things
should be done; but the oidiniry execution of
the laws involving the transaction of the great
business ofthe country is a matter upon which
all parties agree, wishing only that the laws
should be honestly executed and that there
should b® no corruption.
It seems to me very obvious that with refer-
ence to the transaction of business which is
peculiarly executive, the confidential advisers
that we put about the President should always
be men who for the greater part are satisfac-
tory to him. You cannot find a President and
a Cabinet who would agree upon all matters
of opinion even in important questions. You
cannot find eight men probably who agree on
everything, even on impoi^jint matters involv-
ing the performance of the duties of the Gov-
ernment ; and if you find a man in the Cabinet
of the President of the United States, if it be
possible that there is one there, who agrees
with the President always and thinks just as
he does and makes it a point to echo his sen-
timents, he is probably a man who is not fit to
be there and who got there by a mere misap-
prehension, and stays because he is precisely
of that character.
Mr. JOHNSON. He ought not to be there.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. And he ought not to
be there at all.
Mr. CONNESS. There have not been any
such for some time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to say
whether there are such men or not; but I say
it is exceedingly important that there should
be a cordiality of feeling and an agreement
upon important matters of State policy and
State conduct between the President and those
who are his confidential advisers. The Presi-
dent naturally would not want a man in his
councils who was unfriendly to him, upon whose
discretion he could not rely in the first place,
and upon whose good faith in keeping the
secrets of the executive government^ ho could
not rely in the second place; and if he was
unfriendly the President might naturally be in
| fear of consulting him and taking his advice.
1 A man who is the head of a Department nat-
