1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
claims may be almost innumerable. There is
no limit. * It applies to all accounts of post-
masters existing prior to the law establishing
salaries. It is simply saying that all of them
who may have, or may think they have, equi-
table claims according to good conscience, may
come forward and present them to the Post-
master General, and he puts them into the
hands of a elerk to examine them. The power
to this extent, it strikes me, is very dangerous,
and such as we ought not to grant to anybody.
I must therefore vote in favor of the motion to
reconsider this portion of the bill. ,
The question being taken by yesJs and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fessenden .Fogg,
Poster, Harris, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Pome-
toy, Ross, Sherman, bprague, Sumner, Trumbull,
and "Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon, Freliiighuysen, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lftno, Norton,
Patterson. Ramsey, Riddle, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Wiiloy, Williams, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrio, Henderson, Howe,
Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Saulsbury, and Wade—11.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move in section six, line
five, to strike out the words " with the chief
clerks of the three bureaus and the topographer
of the Post Office Department;" and in line
eight of the same section to insert after the
word " clerk" the words " of the fourth class
so as to make the section read :
That Iho Postmaster General be, and ho is hereby,
authorized to appoint in the bureau of the Seeoud
Assistant Postmaster General a superintendent of
domestic ma: Is and a superintendent of inspection,
who shall each receive an annual salary of $2,600;
also to appoint an additional clerk oftho fourth class
to be in charge ofm il-bags, &e.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think, considering the
important duties of the chief clerks of these
several bureaus, a salary of $2,500 is not too
much, and probably not more than is paid for
equivalent service in other Departments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How far does the
proposition which it is proposed to strike out
extend ?
Mr. RAMSEY. To the chief clerks of the
three bureaus in the Post Office Department,
the bureaus of the First Assistant, Second As-
sistant, and Third Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral. Our proposition is to make the salaries
$2,500.
Mr- BROWN, What is it now?
Mr. RAMSEY. Twenty-two hundred dol-
lars, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. This involves the whole
question of raising the salaries of the chief
clerks of all the bureaus iii the various Depart-
ments who now get §2,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not see that that
necessarily follows.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 6 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Conness, Crag in,
Davis, Dixon, f'owlcr, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane. Mo-
Dougail, Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy. Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Witley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Fcssenden, Fogg, Morgan, Sher-
man, Sprague, and Sumner—<3.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell,Doolittle, Edmunds. Foster, Grimes,
Guthrie, Howe, Johnson, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Rid-
dle, and Saulsbury—1/.
So the bill was passed.
amendment to constitution.
Mr. DTXON. I expected to have an oppor-
tunity to-day to say a few words on the amend-
ment which I proposed to offer to the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio, but as the hour is
now late, and as I understand the Senator from
Oregon intends to ask for an evening session,
and as it is impossible for me to be here this
evening, I desire to say that instead of offer-
ing my proposition as an amendment to that
resolution I shall offer it as an independent
proposition. If there be no objection, I sup-
pose it may as well be offered now, and I
therefore ask leave to snbmit it at this time.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 1(59)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States ; which was read twico by
its title;
Mr. SUMNER. Is that tho proposition
the Senator presented the other day?
Mr. DIXON. Tho same.
Mr. SUMNER. I regard it as a delusion
and a snare, and I want to say so at once;
Mr. DIXON. I will say in reply to the Sen-
ator that I was in hopes to be able to say a
few words to-day in defense of the proposition,
but at this late hour, just on the eve of the re-
cess, I will not attempt to do so; but I give
notice, however, that I shall call up the resolu-
tion at an early day if tho Senate will allow
mo to do so. I move for the present that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JUSCESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. CRESWELL. Before that is done I
should like a few minutes for the consideration
of House'amendments of tho Senate bill No.
491.
Mr. WILLI AMS. I cannot consent to with-
draw the motion,
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have an under-
standing as to the busiuess wo are to proceed
iVith this evening.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no under-
standing of that kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senate adopted a
resolution the other day providing a session
for this evening for the purpose of considering
the extra compensation resolution. I expect
that the resolution will be considered ; and
whether other matters will or will not be con-
sidered will be for the Senate to determine.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that that meas-
ure will be in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be in order and
have priority, as I understand, according to
the resolution of the Senate.
~The motion was agreed to ; Mid the Senate
took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. ra.
bill introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by nnanimons
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 591) to amend an act entitled "An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government tho
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1, 18fi2; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
consul at cadiz.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of State be requested
to report and transmit copies of any correspondence
on filo in tho Department of State relating to tho
manner in which our consul at Cadiz has transacted
tho business of his otficc, particularly relating to any
statement or documents of the Spanish Government
upon the question of the invoices of wines shipped to
the United States.
compensation of civil employes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 224.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
224) giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Govern-
ment at Washington; the pending question
being on the amendment proposed_ by Mr.
Ramsey to the amendment of Mr. Williams,
to insert in line thi rteen, after the word '' navy-
yard" tho word "arsenal."
Mr. RAMSEY. When this resolution was
up before I moved this amendment. As I
said thon, I can see no very good reason why
there should bo a discrimination against the
employfis in the arsenal. They are very
numerous, and their compensation, I believe,
is not greater than it is in the other Depart-
ments of the Government. We all recollect
the groat catastrophe that occurred there last
summer. There is more peril connected with
employment in that particular branch than in
any other. These people are sitting apon a
powder magazine all the time. If there^s any
apology, and there is of course, for this increase
of compensation, I think it is as justly due to
these people as to any others.in the service of
the Government in the city of Washington.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think tie amendment
proposed by the Senator will not embrace the
persons whom he desires to benefit, because
tho amendment of the Finance Committee,
offered by me, confines this increase of com-
pensation to the persons employed in the offices,
and docs not extend it to the employes and
laborers who may be engaged in the navy-
yard ; so that tho Senator's amendment would
only include the clerks and those persons who
may be employed in the office of the arsenal,
if there be such a placo. I am not advised as
to whether there is any distinct office con-
nected with thu arsenal or not; but the Sen-
ator will sec by looking at-this resolution that it
is confined exclusively to the persons who are
employed in the offices. 1 have only to say
that if there be any such placo as an office of
tho arsenal 1- do not know that there is any
objection to this amendment, but it will not
re^ch the employ6s and laborers in tho arsenal.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably a farther amend-
ment will be necessary to reach all tho cases;
but this will comprehend, at any rate, a larger
class than the resolution as it stands does, and
I do not think there can be any objection to it.
There probably is—there must be, it cannot
very well be otherwise—an office connected
with the arsenal, and it will at least reach that
class of persons. I cannot see why they should
be omitted. I suppose the Senator will agree
to that,.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I will for the present
let it rest there.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
tho amendment in the form it is presented.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If we commence to
extend this appropriation beyond the Depart-
ments proper, in my opinion the resolution
will become embarrassed and will lose support.
There are navy-yards and arsenals elsewhere
that can as well claim this relief as those
• establishments in this city. I should feel my-
self bound to move to include the arsenal at
Indianapolis if it be extended to the arsenal
in this city.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then you might as well
move for the same reason to include the navy-
yard at Philadelphia, the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn, &c.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator that I do not represent either of those
navy-yards, or I would do so.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there be any establish-
ment in Indiana or elsewhere——
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe there is no
navy-yard in Indiana. There is an arsenal
there.
Mr. RAMSEY. The arsenal here is a branch
of the War Department. So it is not liable to
the objection the Senator urges.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the idea
embodied in this resolution is to increase tho
salaries of those persons whose salaries are
now fixed by law. Now, if the Senator from
Minnesota shows that the salaries of the clerks
in the arsenal are already fixed by law and
that they are too low, then he will have given
sufficient reason for the adoption of his amend-
ment ; not until then. I suppose that no one
