1867.
Mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
orally wants the control of that Department.
He wants the control of his subordinates, that
they should he subject to him and that he should
have the power to remove them from office in
case they are insubordinate and are such as he
cannot comfortably get along with, and to re-
move them upon the instant,-at the moment if
it be necessary. In my judgment, in order to
the good and proper administration of a De-
partment it is necessary that that power should
exist in the head of it, aiid quite as necessary
that the power- should exist in the President
with reference to the'few men who are placed
about him to share his councils, be his friends
and his agents.
As my friend from Oregon has said, I do not
think we are treating the office of President
with very great respect when we say that he
shall not, in the recess of Congress, remove a
Cabinet officer if he deems it necessary. I can-
not suppose a case where any man who is on
bad terms with the President, who knows that
he is, and who knows that the-President desires
to get rid of him and has no confidence in him,
would stay there unless he was controlled by a
sense of overruling public duty in a very dan-
ferous and peculiar time. Naturally every man
t to be a member of the Cabinet would feel
precisely in that way.
Then, sir, under these circumstances, my
opinion agrees entirely with thai of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont and the honorable
Senator from Oregon and the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, that it is carrying the
matter too far to say that in the long recess of
Congress, which usually tabes place between the
4th of March and the first Monday of December
every second year, the President shall have no
power, if he deems it necessary, to change his
advisers. Of course under the Constitution he
must send the name of whoever he appoints
to the Senate afterward for the Senate to act
upon, because the Constitution has very wisely
provided that we shall have a voice in the
appointment of all officers except those who
may be designated by law as inferior officers.
I hope, therefore, that this exception may be
made,.as well with reference to what I think
is due to the office itself and the peculiar rela-
tions the heads of the Departments hold to the
President as to what has been the uniform and
universal custom in consideration of the ordi-
nary courtesy due to the President of the Uni-
ted States on such matters.
It is a subject of regret to me that it becomes
necessary to legislate at all upon this subject
of the removal of officers. Under ordinary
circumstances I would be opposed to such legis-
lation. I believe my friends thought I was
rather slow when I opposed some time ago the
putting of an amendment of this nature upon
one of tfie appropriation bills. I stated at
that time, and if my recollection does not fail
me the honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] expressed his entire assent,
that I thought action would be required on
our part if the President should go so far as
to disregard the power of the Senate ; that is
to say, if he sent a nomination to the Senate
and that nomination should be rejected or not
confirmed, and then after the Senate adjourned
he should appoint the same man again, and
that should be recognized as the practice, the
result would be that the Senate would lose
entirely the power conferred upon it by the
Constitution to have a voice in the appoint-
ment of officers, because it is very easy to omit
sending a man's name to the Senate until the
close of the session, and then when he is re-
jected to appoint him the next day after the
adjournment of Congress, and so on from time
to time, and in that way the Senate becomes
nothing, is merely nullified. I stated at that
time that if there should be an attempt to do
anything of that sort I would be in favor of
limiting the power of the President so far as
we could limit it by law in reference to that
matter, because in'my judgment such a course,
if not a direct violation of the Constitution,
was a disregard of that respect which was due
to the Senate and the constitutional power of
SOtii Cong. 2d Ffes.—No. 2,").
the Senate to act upon the appointments of
officers; and if I am not very much mistaken
the honorable Senator from Maryland said that
that would be a decided outrage upon the Con-
stitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I say so still.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And he says so now.
Well, sir, I think it cannot be denied that there
is occasion to exercise Ofur own discretion in
this regard. I believe there have been several
instances, I know there have been some in my
own State, in which men sent to this body for
confirmation for particular offices and rejected
by the body were reappointed immediately
after the adjournment of Congress to the offices
to which they had. been before appointed and
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. There are a great number
of cases of that kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there are a
great number of such cases. The contingency;
therefore, has arisen in which I said I should
be in favor of legislating on that matter. I
would not have been under other circum-
stances ; that is to say, I think I should not have
been, because all these things or many of them
are the fortunes of war; and if we happen to
differ from the President we must remember
that he has the appointing power; he is the
man to appoint officers, and I do not wish to
limit in any way the exercise of that constitu-
tional power. I do not wish to do anything to
prohibit his performing all the functions which
the Constitution says he shall have a right to
perform. Because of one unfortunate condi-
tion of affairs I would not disturb the constitu-
tional relations of the different parts of this
Government to each other. I think it unwise,
simply on a contingency which has arisen that
is unpleasant to us, to set a precedent that may
be bad and perhaps fatal in the ordinary con-
duct of affairs hereafter. But in this particular
case it seems now to be admitted that the con-
tingency has arisen and thatCongress is bound
in some way to provide that the constitutional
power of the Senate to advise and consent in
the nomination of officers nominated by the
President shall be respected. That being the
case, this bill or something like it is unques-
tionably properly before the Senate.
I have said thus much to explain the position
which I occupy, and intend to occupy, with ref-
erence to this question. I mean in some mode
to favor such legislation as will protect the body
of which I am a member in the enjoyment of
every constitutional privilege which belongs
to us. I am not for trenching upon the rights
of others, but I am for protecting our own;
and I am very glad to find that the honorable
Senator from Maryland agrees with me in the
view that I have stated.
But, sir, perhaps this is traveling a little out
of the particular question raised by the amend-
ment of my friend from Wisconsin, who moves
to strike out this exception. Repeating, there-
fore, simply that I consider that the exception
ought to stand, for the reasons given by my friend
from Oregon particularly, as well as those given
by others, 1 shall make no further remarks on
the subject.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if it were the l
fact that leaving this much of patronage in the j
hands of the President would have the etfect i
to increase the respect of the American people j
for the office, 1 do not know but that 1 should j
be induced to assent to the exception here
proposed: but I have not found that the respect j
of the American people for that high office I
was very much affected by the way he handled
the patronage in his hands.
My observation has been that just as soon
as the President turned aside from the dis-
charge of the great public duties devolved upon
him by the Constitution and laws, and devoted
himself to the work of peddling offices, just I
that moment, the respect of the American peo- ■
pie for the office began to abate, and it con- ;
tinned to abate as long as he continued in I
those employments. j
Mr. EDXiUNDS. Not for the office, but j
for the officer. I
Mr. HOWE. "For the officer," says my
friend from Vermont, and for the office, which
is inevitably affected by the character of the
incumbent; and no high office, I do not care
bow exalted it may be, can be filled by mi
unworthy incumbent without suffering some-
what in public estimation.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I ask-the Senator if
he supposes the present incumbent is to remain
there always?
Mr. HOWE. I am not debating this bill,
Mr. President, with the slightest reference to
the person of the present incumbent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ex-
cuse me; he is just putting it precisely upon
that ground, speaking of this President, as an
argument, peddling offices.
Mr. HOWE. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I made no allusion to the present Presidentof
tie United States in the world. I do aot
undertake to say that the present President
of the United States has not indulged some-
what in that habit which I call peddling offices;
but I am very far from saying that he is the
first one or the worst one who has done it. It
is long since that became rather too much the
habit of American Executives.
Mr. President, if I am not mistaken, the
historical fact is that this question of the power
of the President over appointments to and
removals from office arose in the course of a
debate in one of the earliest Congresses—dur-
ing the first or second, I do not remember
which.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The first.
Mr. HOWE. I think very likely the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania is correct; and it arose
upon the propriety of giving the President the
power to remove the Secretary of State, a Cab-
inet officer. General Washington was then
President. Mr. Madison, for whom I have
that respect, in whose opinions I have that
confidence, that I cherish for but very few of
the public men this country has produced,
then, as I think, animated to a great extent by
the confidence he had in the then incumbent
of the office, by the anticipation with which he
flattered himself that men of less of character
or less of probity never would be intrusted
with influence, then insisted that it was more
convenient that this power of removal should
be left in the hands of the President.
It was, if I remember the course of that de-
bate, not then suggested by any one that there
were reasons for giving him control over the
person or over the term of the Secretary of
State that he should not have over a postmas-
ter or over any other officer; but it was con-
templated by those who advocated that power
then that the President should have the right
to remove at any time all officers appointed by
himself and confirmed by the Senate. Mr.
Madison said, however, in the course of that
debate and repeated it, that if the presiden-
tial office did fall into the hands of a man who
would remove an officer faithfully devoted to
the discharge of his duties because he did not
like his political opinions, that would be just
ground of impeachment; and he undoubtedly
believed that the representatives of the Amer-
ican people would always be prepared to resent
such ati act of power by enforcing the remedy
which he thought plain, I think we have
already learned that impeachment cannot be
relied upon to redress such a wrong as that.
Mr. EDMUNDS, My friend from Wiscon-
sin is a little mistaken in defining the position
of Mr. Madison in the debate to which he has
alluded; and it is due to justice and to the
respect wo owe to history that he should be
corrected I think on that point. Mr. Madison at
the end of the debate had reasoned himself or
excited himself to the conclusion that Congress
had no power over the subject of removals;
that the Constitution invested in the President
of the United States the power to remove,
independent of the will of the Senate. At the
opening of the debate Mr. Madison seemed to
treat it as a question of expediency whether
the law should reposo that trust in the Pres-
ident or not; but truth compels us to admit
