1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
me [Mr. Brown] is conclusive on us, and that
is, that the estimate of the engineer being that
$1,000,000 on this plan can be expended this
year, that million ought to be granted now.
If yon are willing to take a leap in the dark,
and are willing to take the recommendation of
the engineer for the expenditure of $1,000,000
On this plan, take the whole of it. I shall
vote, therefore, for the appropriation as rec-
ommended, if it comes to that, for there is no
reason to divide it. If you authorize the War
Department to embark on this new plan before
you see it, before you know what it is, before
you have any judgment on it; if those who are
most interested in the work will stand up here
and say that they know it is right, that they
have seen it or inspected it and believe it is
right, then go the whole figure, give the mil-
lion, give what the engineer says he can profit-
ably expend this year.
Of course, I wish to be understood as being
in favor of adhering to the report qf the com-
mittee to strike out this item, and waiting until
the authorities having this matter in charge,
under the instructions of Congress last year,
bring in their plans and their specifications
and their recommendations, and you send them
to one of your committees having the general
subject in charge, and that committee approve
the plans and bring them back to the Senate
for its judgment, and a report shall be made
with an appropriation in harmony with them.
Mr. BROWN. The immediate question
now before the Senate is whether this appro-
priation shall be reduced from $1,000,000 to
$300,000. If I understand correctly the action
which has been taken by the committee of this
body, it has not gone into the question of the
propriety of voting $1,000,000 or $300,000, but
struck out the whole appropriation upon the
technical ground stated by the Senator from
Maine. It will be borne in mind, therefore,
by the Senate, that when the Senator from Ver-
mont moves this amendment to reduce the
amount to $300,000, he does not act as the
organ of the committee, he does not speak the
sense of the committee; but it is a volunteer
motion of his own, predicated upon his own
judgment of what may or may not be needed,
and not upon any evidence that has come to
him from any of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The sense of the com-
mittee was that you should not have anything
at all.
Mr. BROWN. That is very true; but that
is not the question before the Senate now. The
question now is whether it shall be reduced
from $1,000,000, which the engineer who has
surveyed the work has estimated can be prop-
erly applied during one year, to $300,000, that
would perhaps be totally insufficient for carry-
ing on the work; and 1 say on that question
the Senator from Arermont, who is so great a
stickler for the authority of the Department
and for the recommendations of the officers in
charge, departs wholly and totally from the
only recommendation which is before us, that
is the recommendation of the officer who made
this survey. If, therefore, we are to act at all;
if we are to make an appropriation, I think we
should follow the action which has been taken
by the House of Representatives and make the
appropriation estimated, that is the sum of
$1,000,000.
This matter has not only been examined by
the committee on the part of the Senate, but it
has been examined elsewhere, and examined
very thoroughly. It has been reported favor-
ably by the committee of the other House; it
has been passed by the House of Representa-
tives, and it is only on the motion of the com-
mittee here, predicated upon a technicality,
that it is designed to strike out the appropria-
tion. I think the Senator from Maryland has
shown very conclusively that all that is de-
manded by the committee in behalf of thejudg-
ment of the Department will be accomplished
under the amendment which has been put upon
the bill by the Senator from Iowa; that is, it
will have first the approval of a board, it will
have secondly the approval of the Secretary of
War, as to the manner of carrying out this
work. The Senator from Vermont seems to
ignore altogether the necessity for carrying it
forward at the earliest day. If it were a mere
harbor appropriation it would matter very lit-
tle, a harbor in which vessels could go and
come irrespective of these obstacles, and in
which the appropriation would be merely for
some possible benefit; but here isagreat river,
bearing the greatest commerce in the world,
which we all know to be obstructed by an
impediment that is causing vast delays every
hour, and why shall this thing be delayed for
one year longer simply because the committee
deem that this technicality has not been con-
formed to ?
However, sir, I will not go into the question
of liberality. I will leave Senators to settle
that with their own consciences. I have no
doubt the Senator from Vermont deals with
this question conscientiously and as he believes
his duty requires of him to do, and I have noth-
ing to say against any action he may take. I
rose simply to call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the question now is on tho reduc-
tion of the amount from $1,000,000 to $300,000,
and that on that question the Senator from
Vermont does not represent any authoritative
action of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is entirely true, sir.
The authoritative action of the committee was
to strike out the appropriation altogether, and
the main question on this amendment is on
striking it out now, because after the amend-
ment shall have been amended the resulting
question will be on striking out the whole
clause. We are merely attempting to perfect
the clause, if it is to stand, as well as may be;
but the question will be finally whether all we
have put in now shall not be stricken out, so
as to leave it as the committee recommended
it should be left, with no appropriation at all.
I think, therefore, I have a right, if I can give
good reasons for it, to make this clause which
it is proposed to strike out as unobjectionable
as possible, lest if it stand it might bring us
into difficulty.
Now, the question is what ought to be done,
and that is the only question there is about it.
The War Department have not recommended
this appropriation. The previous engineers
have recommended other ways of expending
the money there than this canal; they recom-
mended the improvement of the channel, and
a great many thousand dollars have been
expended in the improvement of the channel.
Now, then, comes an engineer fresh from the
war who, after looking it over one summer,
decides that all that is wrong, and that an
entirely" new method of procedure ought to
be adopted; and if it is adopted, he thinks
$1,000,000, including the $200,000 already
appropriated which would then leave the ap-
propriation only $800,000, can be used this
year. The House of Representatives has put in
$200,000 more, in that view, than would be
required. If we vote this $1,000,000, we vote
it on the idea that a canal is the work to be
constructed; but it remains to be determined
whether a canal is the work to be constructed
or not. The question, therefore, is whether it
is not wisest, inasmuch as we determine noth-
ing about the nature and character of this work,
to keep these appopriations down so that we
shall not overload the bill in such a way as to
defeat all of them. That is the consideration
which appeals to us.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend from Ver-
mont will give way, I desire to interpose a mo-
tion that at live o' clock to- day the Senate take
a recess until half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion, and I should have said no more
but in reply to the observations of my friend,
from Missouri, which were directed principally
and personally to me. I do not claim that the
Senate ought to adopt this amendment because
I move it. I must yield the force of the argu-
ment to him on that; but I claim that if the
Senate intend to let this clause stand at all, as
my friend from Maine has demonstrated they
ought not, the sum to be expended for this
year ought to be reduced to $500,000, and I
believe that is substantially satisfactory to one
of the Senators from Iowa, who lives nearest
to the point in question.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one thing, I think,
upon which we all agree, and that is, that these
rapids should be improved in some way or
other. If there be a proposition contained in
this bill to improve any stream or any harbor
that has merit this is the one. I think that is
confessedly the opinion of this body, and of
all who know anything about the subject. Now,
I do not think that it is wise to either ask for
more than we can use or for so much as to
repel some friends of the proposition from
voting for it; and I therefore propose to the
Senator from Vermont that he suffer his amend-
ment to read $500,000, instead of $300,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It makes it $500,000,
because it is additional to $200,000 previously
appropriated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. As I understand the prop-
osition of the Senator from Vermont, it is to
reduce the appropriation from $1,000,000 to
$300,000, exclusive of the $200,000 already
appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; it leaves
$500,000 for the use of the work.
Mr. BROWN. This has nothing to do with
the amount appropriated last year.
Mr. MORRILL. So I see; so that if this
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Vermont be agreed to we shall appropriate
$500,000. That is the way it will be. I wanted
the Senate to understand that voting for the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont is to
vote $500,000 to this work.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What became of the
motion of the Senator from Iowa to reduce the
amount to $500,000?
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot make that motion
till after this is put.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I intend to support
that proposition. I think $500,000 is enough,
perhaps, to appropriate at this time; but an
appropriation of $300,000 is entirely insuffi-
cient. I am a friend of this measure, if we
have a bill of this sort, and therefore 1 desire
to vote for the proposition of the Senator from
Iowa, and I shall vote against this.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the Senator
from Indiana does not desire to vote for the
? reposition of the Senator from Iowa; for, as
understand him, he desires to vote $500,000
to this purpose.
Mr. BROWN. In addition to what has
already been voted.
Mr. MORRILL. But I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that he desires to voto
for $500,000. That is the motion of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to state ex-
actly what I desire. I understand that there
are $200,000 now at the control of the War
Department for this purpose, and this bill pro-
poses a million more.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish at this point to inter-
pose an inquiry to the Senator from J'erinont.
Have not the expenses of the survey that has
been prosecuted during the last season been
paid out of the money that was appropriated
a year ago ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all, because there
was a special appropriation for that.
Mr. MORRILL. By reference to the re-
port of the Secretary of War, my friend from
Iowa will see that $200,000 unexpended is re-
turned as to the credit of this work. If, there-
fore, the Senator from Indiana supports the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, he will be
voting $700,000—only $300,000 less than the
original proposition of the House
Mr. HENDRICKS. The language of the
bill is supposed to make an appropriation now
of $ 1,000,000; that u the way it reads. Iain
