1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
in favor of appropriating $500,000. That will
be an appropriation by Congress indicating to
tho Department that this improvement shall
be mode upon some substantial and large
scale corresponding with the ends to be ac-
complished." I shall support that motion, and
not the present one.
Mr. kIRKWOOD. In my judgment if we
reduce this appropriation according to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont we just fritter away the amount of money
we appropriate; and we not only fritter away
the money, but we delay by at least twelve
months the improvement of that river, at a cost
to the people living upon it of at least $250,000
a year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays 011 my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Spraguo, and Sumner—11.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bnckalew, Cat-
tell, Conness, Davis,Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg, Fowler.
Grimes. Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, John-
eon, Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton,
Patterson, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull,
Wade. WiUcy, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cowan, Cracin, Creswell, Fos-
ter, Guturie, Howard, Nye, Poland, Kiddle, and Van
Winkle—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to amend the
clause by reducing the sum appropriated from
$1,000,000 to $500,000, as I indicated before
that I would do.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 23, noes
not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
the clause by striking out the word "on" in
the one hundred and fifty-ninth line, and in-
serting "of." It has been suggested in debate
that the word "on" is a typographical error.
If so, it should certainly be corrected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is 011 the motion of the Committee
on Commerce, to strike out the clause as
amended.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to strike out the following
clause from lines one hundred and seventy-
two to one hundred and eighty-three of sec-
tion one:
For constructing works and improving entrance
into tho harbor of Michigan city, Indiana, the sum
ot>73,000 was appropriated by tho act of June 23,
186ti. Said amount shall be paid to the Michigan
City Ilarbor Company: Provided, That it shall be
first shotvnto the satisfaction ot tho Secretary of War
that tho sum ot $100,000 has been oxponded by the said
Michigan City Hat bor Company m tho construction
of a safe and convcniont hacbor at that place: And
provided. That the pass&ga of vessels to and from
said harbor shall bo free, and not subject to toll or
charge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am authorized to
modify the amendment of the committee by
proposing to strike out the words just read and
to substitute for them the following, which is
to be the second section of the bill:
And be it further enacted. That th# appropriation
of $75,000 for constructing works and improving th©
entrance into tho harbor of Michigan city, Indiana,
mailo in and by tho act approvod June 23, 186(3, shall
be expended for the purposo aforesaid upon tho
terms and in tho mannor hereinafter provided for
other appropriations under this act: Provided, That
it snail be first shown to tho satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of War that the sum of $100,000 has been ex-
pended by the Michigan City Harbor Company in
tho construction of a safe and commodious harbor at
that place: AndpromdeiL Thatthepassageof vessels
to and from said aarbor shall be free, and not subject
to toll or charge.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see the differ-
ence between what is to be inserted and what
is to be stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a difference,
and the amendment in this shape is satisfac-
tory to all parties. The money was to be
Eaid to the Michigan City Harbor Company
y the bill. This amendment provides for its
expenditure under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now, to make the bill
correspond, I move to strike out the enacting
clause of the second section of the bill as it
came from the House, and also the word '
"that," and to insert "and" at the end of >
line one, section two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The next amendment was in section five,
after "and" in line six to insert " to continue
the survey of," and after "river" in line
seven to insert "in accordance with the rec-
ommendation of General J. H. Wilson in his
report of January 12, 1867 ;" so as to make
the section read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby directed to cause a contin-
uance of examinations or surveys, or both, at the
following points, namely: of tho Mississippi river,
above the Falls of Saint Anthony and between the
Falls of Saint Anthony and Rock Island rapids; of
the Wisconsin river, and to continue the survey of
the Illinois river, in accordance with tho recom-
mendation of General J. II. Wilson, in his report of
January 12, 1867. And he is also directed to cause
Elans and estimates to be madcof the most practica-
leand effective mode of improving the harbor of
Galveston, Texas, and of erecting suitable break-
water at that point.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to offer the following
amendment, to come in in section four, line
twelve:
At Block Island, in the Stato of Rhode Island,
and the reefs in Lake Michigan, near tho harbor of
Racine, Wisconsin, with a view to a light-house and
breakwater theroon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee have in-
structed me to move an amendment to come
in at the end of section four, which is the sec-
tion directing examinations and'surveys to be
made. I move to add to that section " and
the Potomac river in the District of Colum-
bia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed to move
still further to amend the same section by add-
ing after the words " Cape Elizabeth" in line
ten the words " the Union river and the Gut
opposite the city of Bath."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the
fourth section by inserting after the word
"namely" in line three the words "at the
harbor of San Francisco, California, with a
view to the removal of Blossom liock, if the
same shall be found necessary and essential
to commerce."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed mc to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred
and sixty-seven of section one:
For building and operating one dredge and snag-
boat on the Wisconsin river, $40,000.
Mr. EDMLTNDS. I was unfortunately not
present when the committee agreed to that
amendment, and I should like to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether there is any
recommendations from the War Department
for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, thereis. Ihave
it here:
, "General Warfen submits an estimate for employ-
ing a dredging-boat on this river to ascertain how far
it is practicable to improve the stream by this plan.
Its bars are formed of moving sand, like those of the
upper Mississippi described in his report.
|| For dredge and snag-boat, $25,000.
Expense of operating one year, $15,000.
"Total first year,$40,000."
Again, the Department says:
"Theviewsand recommendations of General War-
ren are concurred in by this Department."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the chairman be
good enough to tell the Senate what were the
considerations which prevented this being in-
cluded in the bill originally?
Mr. CHANDLER. I lost the papers which
were handed to me by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Howe.] That was the way it
happened.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer this amendment
to come in after line one hundred and seventy-
one of section one:
To improve the navigation of the Willamette river,
Oregon, below the city ot Portland, «;X),0oo.
I move this amendment after consultation
with the Committee on Commerce and with-
out any objection on their part; and it is in
accordance with estimates submitted b_v the
War Department. 1 hope there will be no
objection to it. It is a very small appropria-
tion, and if inserted will be the only one in
the bill for the Pacific coast.
Mr. CHANDLER. Permit me to inquire
of the Senator whether he has the recommend-
ation of the War Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it come from a
committee ? If not, it is not in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have already stated that
the committee have agreed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Com-
merce. I have consulted the members of this
committee, and they have agreed that I might
offer it. I do not see any reason why this item
should be left out of the bill. It is a very
small appropriation, and it is found in the esti-
mates of the War Department. There is the
same reason for making this appropriation that
there is for making the others.
I Mr. NESMITH. I desire to state in con-
| nection with this subject that our entire State
has had but §15,000 appropriated for these
i improvements. At the last session $15,000
' was appropriated for the purpose of improving
the navigation of the upper Columbia river,
which is on our northern border. \Vre now ask
$30,000 for the improvement of the Willamette
river ; and the report of the Engineer Bureau,
which is before me, shows that in the last two
years the city of Portland has expended
$60,000 in building a snag-boat, dredger, kc.,
and in improving the river. The city has the
necessary boats, which can be loaned to the
Government, and all we ask is this small appro-
priation to carry on the work. An immense
commerce passes over this river. It is the
great avenue of the commerce of the State of
Oregon, eastern Washington, Idaho, and a
large portion of western Montana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " below
the city of Portland," if those are the words
indicating the particular part of the river where
the money is to be expended. I fail to find in
the report of the War Department any distinc-
tion between one part of the river and another;
and I think it ought to be left to the Depart-
ment and the engineers to decide where this
money ought to be expended. The introduc-
tion into the amendment of the particular part
of the river is quite unusual and does not seem
to be warranted by anything that we have from
the Department.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state that no attempt
has been made to improve the navigation of
the river at any other point than that specified ;
but, so far as 1 am concerned, I have no objec-
tion to the proposed modification.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state for the infor-
mation of the Senator from Vermont that
Portland is the head of navigation of the
Willamette river for ocean steamships and
sailing vessels, and that above the city of
Portland the river is only navigable in the
summer time for boats of very light draft;
and twelve miles above the city ot Portland
are the falls of the Willamette : so that this
appropriation ought to be made for the im-
provement of the river below the city of Port-
land, the object being to improve the river so
that ocean steamships may not be obstructed.
Ihe city of Portland is located twelve miles
up the Willamette river from the Columl>;a,
and there is a bar between the city and the
Columbia river that obstructs to some extent
the navigation for ocean steamships. V> hen
the water is low there i* difficulty in crossing
that bar. The city of Portland has expt n l^d
$60,000 of its own money, has constructed a
dredging-machine, and last year $15,000 * as
