§88
TK© CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the judgment of the Senate mot in ih«k posses-
sion at t&e time ihey voted upon thii:nofhi;na-
tionin fctte first instance, he may; psbduce ; but
to. disregard the opinion of the Senate! upon-the
ex-act xjase. on which the Senates acted,- in roy
jiidgmentis a clear abuse, whieh must be rem-
edied' ift isome way or othfeij and the onl}«way
t0'!remedy it is to reject .(those who may be
nominated again.- • '
-■■mi. HENDERSON and Mr. SHERMAN.
And he may seappaint again. .
- M-r. J0H3TSOsL • Now, my friends behind
me say "her may redppoint again. I know it,
aid it-is for. that) reason that i Said to him arid
gaidt® his Attorney General at the last session
tHfttcarmot be justified by me of by-the Senate,
andeertainly will not be by me, because that
would be to' avoid altogether the authority of
the .Senate; and if he in the case supposed per-
severed in nominating and appointing again
after one or more rejections, it would be in
my.judgment a very serious question whether
that of itself would not constitute a ground for
impeachment. If Mr. Madison was right in
saying, as I stated to the Senate what was in
their recollection before—I only mentioned it
for the purpose,.of bringingit more freshly-to
their recollection1—if Mi> Madison Was right in
saying that an abase of life power of removal
was a subject-for an impeachment; d fortiori is
the-abuse of the. power of appointment in a
ease i«.-which; if it %■ submitted to, the whole
authority of the Senate, becomes a nullity and
is set at defiances
I have said so much upon that subject in
justification of my own opinion. Now, a word
upon the particular amendment offered by my
friend from Wisconsin. 1 shall vote against
the bill whether that amendment succeeds or
not; but the effect of that amendment on the
Government would be pretty mrich the same
as the proposition which Mr. Calhoun more
than once advocated, and the late Senator
Hunter on this floor advocated, of a dual Presi-
dent. There were sectional dissensions sure to
continue as long as the cause of those dissen-
sions should exist, slavery. Now, as I trust, there
is no cause for them except the temporary
causes which have grown out of the late war.
But they then existed and it was proposed to
have two Presidents. It hardly received the
support of any of the southern statesmen ex-
cept the particular gentlemen who proposed it.
It was said, and said with a force that must be
obvious to us all, that the executive, to be at
all competent to the duties of such an office,
must be a unit. There can be no divided
executive. The proposition fell. It hardly
received a vote.
Now, what is to be the result of the amend-
ment suggested by my friend from Wisconsin?
The President—you cannot get clear of that
obligation; you cannot take from him that duty,
and he cannot absolve himself from that duty—
is to see that the laws are faithfully executed.
How is he to do it? He cannot do it alone.
This is a great Government of ours. Its trans-
actions are not the ordinary transactions of a
common counting-house. They extend not only
over all our limits, but they go beyond the limits.
We have negotiations with the rest of the world
and transactions with the rest of the world, and
we are likely to be called into a conflict as we
may discharge our duty properly or not toward
the other nations of the world at any moment.
Suppose he has a Secretary of State whom
he does not trust, either because of some
suspicion of want of integrity or a belief
that he is incompetent to the duties, or a belief
founded upon good evidence that he is for pur-
suing a foreign policy that will entangle us
with other nations, and perhaps involve us in
war and affect our commercial marine; what is
he to do with him ? Leave him in, says the
honorable member; suspend him. What then?
What is to become of the negotiations in the
mean time? What will foreign nations say?
" We have been negotiating with the United
States upon the assumption that they had a
policy; we have acted in good faith; wc can
only know the President; we know that under
the. Constitution the Secretary of State is but
his mouth-piece; we know, and we have been
taught to believe, that it is in his power to
shape theforeign relations of the country; and
how, when his Secretary has been shaping them
and he discovers that he is about by the shape
which lie has caused- them to assume to in-
volve us in trouble, he turns him out, and the
whole negotiation is to begin again." And
when he- sends to the Senate his reasons for
the suspension under this bill, as he will be
obliged to do, and the Senate declares that
they aTe unsatisfactory-, this suspended officer
becomes again the Secretary of State. What
is the effect of that upon the President so far
as the negotiation of which I have spoken is
concerned? He ceases to have any control of
it; he is a mere cypher; you might as well not
have him. The organ, then, with foreign na-
tions will be a Secretary of State of the Senate
of the United States, and not the Secretary
of State appointed to be an adviser of the
President, and to carry out the policy which
the President may think proper and may sup-
pose should be adopted as between ourselves
and foreign nations. So in relation to the
fiscal concerns.
The observations which I have thus curso-
rily submitted to the Senate are equally appli-
cable to either of the other Departments. Take
the office of the Attorney General. The Pres-
identfinds he has made a mistake; he has ap-
pointed a man to that office who has proven
his incompetency. I will assume a case as
strong as that: he has not only not given evi-
dence of competency, but he has demonstrated
his incompetency by the opinions which from
time to time he has given and by his efforts in
the Supreme Court of the United States. The
President sees that the laws, .as far as they de-
pend upon the law-officer of the Government,
are not being executed ; the district attorneys
having- no communication with the President
except throughthe Attorney General, and the
marshals acting now under the same author-
ity, are doing what the law does not justify,
suing where there is no cause for suit and not
suing where suit should be instituted. What
is he to do ? Suspend the Attorney General ?
Who is he to get to take the place ? I do not
know, for I hope no such man is to be found.
I do not believe any man could be found fit for
the place who would take the office which he
is to hold only during the suspension of the
previous incumbent, which may be for but
three or four weeks, for the miserable consid-
eration of the proportion of the salary of the
office that he would get during those few weeks.
Then what will the President do? His duty
is to get clear of an incompetent officer or one
believed by him to be incompetent. He can-
not get a competent officer under the provis-
ions of this bill, if my friend's amendment
prevails. Then the public suffers, suffers
sadly. Everything is placed in confusion. No-
body knows officially what the rights of the
United States are; nobody knows officially
what are the interests of the United States, and
how they are about being sacrificed. Nobody
knows, and if anybody did know there would
be no remedy for it, how entirely without
faithful execution are the laws of the United
States.
Then what becomes of the President?' Why,
in relation to that officer as well as in relation
to the Secretary of State in the case supposed
he is made a cipher.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. As the Senate is now.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all wrong. Iam
not for making ciphers of any Department of
the Government, and for the reasons which I
stated just now, as far as concerns the reap-
Eointment of rojected officers, I am against it,
ecause that is a practice which makes ciphers
of us, and I am for claiming the whole of the
power which the Constitution confers upon the
Senate or upon the Congress of the United
States. All that I mean to say, in conclusion,
is that it is all-important that the Executive
shall be a unit. If he fails to perform his duty
criminally, the remedy is in our own hands.
If we unfortunately elect a man who is incom-
petent, not from willfulness, but from incapa-
city, the remedy which the Constitution confers
is in the succeeding election, and in no other
way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to prolong
the debate upon this amendment proposed by
the Senator -from Wisconsin, but merely to
state in reply to the observations of the Sen-
ator from. Maryland, on the general question
of the'power of removal under the Constitu-
tion, that there are considerations which will
be submitted io the Senate, when that question
arises, which induce me to believe that it is just
as necessary that the Senate should concur in
removals from office, in order to have any voice
in the appointment, as in the other case that
he supposes; but as that question is not now
pending, I rise-merely to express the hope that
Senators may, as far as they think it fit, refrain
from going into that general question until we
reach it, and that we may proceed to dispose
of the amendment proposed by my friend from
Wisconsin. *
Mr. BUCKALEW. This bill comes from
the joint committee of the two Houses upon
retrenchment, of the Senate branch of which
the Senator from Vermont is chairman. I
desire in addition to what he has just said, the
propriety of which will attract the attention of
every Senator, to say that there are several
subjects comprised in the bill, each of which
is perfectly distinct; and what is to be done
by the Senate in coming to a correct conclu-
sion on this bill will be to keep the argument
upon each point perfectly distinct and separate
from the others.
The first section of the bill, and the matter
contained in the second also, raises a very
great question; and I hope that the members
of the Senate will not commit their judgments
upon it until it is distinctly and separately
debated. It is new to us and it is hazardous,
if not improper, that we should form hasty
conclusions upon it.
Another and a distinct question is raised by
the latter part of the second section, the con-
ferring upon the President of the power of
suspending from office without dismissing an
officer. A provision of this kind in our legis-
lation, if not altogether new, is new as a gen-
eral provision, and it may likewise deserve
separate consideration.
Finally, the third section is intended to meet
a class of cases which has been spoken of in
this debate: where the President fills a va-
cancy during a recess between the sessions of
the Senate by issuing a commission which shall
expire at the end of the next session by virtue
of an express provision of the Constitution,
then if during such next session that office
shall not be filled by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, it shall, after the ad-
journment of the Senate, remain vacant; the
appointment shall remain in abeyance, to use
the words employed in the section, and the
duties of that office shall be discharged by
some other officer who may be appointed or
selected by law.
Now, sir. the first question, to wit, the power
of the President to make removals from office,
is one which was settled in the first session of
the first Congress which met after the organiza-
tion of our Government, and that decision, if
not unchallenged, atleast has not been reversed
in the practice ofthis Government seventy-seven
years: and when we come to reopen the debate
upon it we must take care that we approach this
great subject in the proper temper, in a spirit
of impartiality, and without any disposition or
proclivity of mind to be influenced by consid-
erations other than those which pertain to the
merits of the question itself. I intend at some
point in the debate to be heard upon this one
question involved in the bill; but for the present
I join in the hope expressed by the chairman
of the Senate branch of the committee on re-
trenchment that we shall not raise that general
debate. It is not necessarily involved in the
motion now pending before the Senate for the
amendment of the first clause of the committee s
