1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
appropriated for the purpose, and this is re-
quired to complete the work.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The explanation is satis-
factory to me, but it did not appear by the
papers. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was
agreed to.
military academy appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Housesonthebili(H. It. No. 912)makingappro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy lor the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808,
and for other purposes, submitted the follow-
ing report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Ilouses on the amendments to the
bill (IX. R. No. 912) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30.18(58, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing as a new section to come in at the end of the
bill:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no part of
the moneys appropriated by this or any other act
shall be applied to thepay orsubsistenceof any cadet
from anyStatodccIarcd to bo in rebellion againstthe
Government of the United States appointed after the
1st day of January, 1867, until such State shall have
been restored to its original relations to tho Union.
And the Senate agreo to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
IRA HARRIS.
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
Manager  on the part of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
1 JOHN A.KASSON,
C. A. ELDR1DGE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know why
the third amendment of the Senate is stricken
from the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were only two
questions in controversy between the two
Houses—the first and third amendments of
the Senate. The first amendment was one
striking out certain provisos in the bill. The
House of Representatives now withdraw their
objection to striking them out, we inserting
the body of the first proviso in a new section,
declaring that no money should be paid for
the support of cadets appointed from the rebel
States after the 1st of January, 1867. In re-
gard to the third amendment., which was in-
serted on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, both the House and Senate con-
ferees thought it was not necessary after an
examination of the subject. The House re-
fused to concur in that amendment, and we
yielded. That amendment provided that the
chaplain should be relieved from certain duties.
That can bo done now without any law, and it
is unusual to prescribe rules and regulations
for the government of the Academy by a law.
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
who is very familiar with the working of the
Academy, gave us his judgment that it was not
at all necessary. Then the last clause of the
amendment seemed to restrict the power of the
military authorities over parades. We thought
it unwise to do so ; at any rate, the House re-
fused to concur in that amendment, and tho
Senate conferees agreed to recede from it. j
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose we must acqui- |
esce in this decision, but I think it is a great I
mistake. I have nc doubt on that point. I
Our amendment was recommended by the 1
Board of Visitors. I think it is right, and it is
the only way we shall ever reach it. The man-
agement of West Point has not been such as
to satisfy the country in that particular. I am
sorry that the committee have agreed to recede
from that amendment, but I shall not make a
contest on it.
The report was concurred in. ,
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a copy of a
letter of the 12th instant, addressed to him by
his Excellency Lucius Foirchild, Governor of
the State of Wisconsin, and of the memorial
to Congress concerning the Paris Exposition,
adopted by the Legislature of the State during
the present session; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of Wil-
liam Mann and Jacob SennefF;
A bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of cer-
tain drafted men ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of
James Tetlow.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At five o'clock the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
adjustment of private land claims.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 578, a bill reported from
the Committee on Private Land Claims. It
will take but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain the motion only by unanimous
consent, another subject being before the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. What becomes of the river
and harbor bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
states that that is before the Senate, and no
other motion can be entertained unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move an amend-
ment to that bill predicated upon the estimates
of the War Office, with the consent of the
chairman and of a majority of the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to give way for a moment until I
can get this bill passed. The other can be
passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New York can be enter-
tained only by unanimous consent. No objec-
tion being made, the bill before the Senate
will be laid aside informally by common con-
sent, and the bill indicated by the Senator from
New York be proceeded with.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 578) to
extend the provisions of an act entitled ''An
act for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and
Missouri, and for other purposes." It pro-
poses to extend tho provisions of the act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in
the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes, approved June 22,
1860, for a period of three years from and after
the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate .without
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the passage of
the bill, I should like to hear the provisions of
the bill which it proposes to continue in force
for three years read.
Mr. HARRIS. I can state them in a moment,
so that the Senator from Missouri will be satis-
fied. In 1860 an act was passed authorizing
persons who claimed lands in two or three
States, mentioned in this bill, to produce the
evidence of their claims before theland officers
of the district, produce the proof, and that
proof was to be reported bv those land officers
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was to report it to Congress. It was to
come before Congress. It allows proof of these
claims under foreign grants before the territory
was ceded to the United States to be presented.
This act was passed in 1860. Certain individuals
prepared their proof, but were interrupted in
producing it before the Commissioner of the
Land Office by the rebellion. This bill extends
the provisions of that act, which was for five
1 years, three years to enable them to complete
• their proofs. That is the whole of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
' third reading, was read the third time, and.
passed.
report of a committee.
i Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
| of Annie E. Dixon, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 630) granting a pension
, to Annie E. Dixon.
| The bill was read and passed to a second
, reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
i bill introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY' asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 182) for printing addi-
\ tional copies of the Appendix to the Diplomatic
| Correspondence of 1865; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
; Printing.
j river and harbor bill.
1 Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1051.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the river and harbor bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to move an amend-
ment to that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me one moment.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are several other
gentlemen who desire to call up bills, and I
think we had better proceed with the important
bill that is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Give me one minute.
Mr. RAMSEY. Here are two other gentle-
men on my right who want a minute also.
Mr. SUMNER. Just a minute.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would if it were possible.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Minnesota to allow me to call up a bill
for the relief of a naval officer, which cannot
become a law at this session unless it is passed
to-day or to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may have ten
minutes or so to dispose ot' some small matters.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are at least twenty
bills that gentlemen wast to dispose of, and I
fear we shall be very late in getting through
with this.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have ten minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be most happy
to accommodate the Senator, but if I yield to
him I shall be obliged to yield to a dozen more.
Sir. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Minnesota yield to me for the purpose I have
indicated?
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill is in the charge
of the Senator fron Michigan. It is the river
and harbor bill. I should be very 'nappy to
accommodate the Senator, but there are two
gentlemeu on my right and three on my left
who are making the same appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. If we have ten minutes I
think we could pass as many bills almost.
Mr. RAMSEY. We shall get through with
this bill, I imagine, in a short time, and then
there will be an opportunity for passing all
these miscellaneous bills.
Mr. CHANDLER. No: I shall then want
to go on with another bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am an innocent party
between the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, who has charge of the river and
harbor bill, and these other gentlemen who are
making appeals to me. I have nothing to fay
about it. I should be glad to accommodate
them.
