1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
substitute, to wit, the question, whether the
power of the President with regard to removals
from office shall be curtailed bo far as his own
Cabinet ministers are concerned. That is a
distinct and independent .question, and I hope
we shall determine it without extending our-
selves, or permitting the debate to extend itself,
into the whole field.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin,
striking out the words in the first section of the
committee's amendmentrindicated by him.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected. .
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two amend-
ments that I desire to offer to this bill 5 the
first to correct what I think is an inadvertence :
it is in the first section, line ten, after the word
" office" to insert the words "during the term
limited by law." I will read the section:
That every person (excepting the Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster General and the Attor-
ney General) holding any civil office to which he has
been appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and every person who shall hereafter
be appointed to any such office, and shall become
duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be, entitled
to hold such office until a successor shall have been
in like manner appointed and duly qualified, except
as herein otherwise provided.
Take the case of a postmaster, where he is
appointed by the law for four years or for a
fixed term. If it is the intention of the Sen-
ator, by the first section, to extend the dura-
tion of his term of office 
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Read the fourth sec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. But still the first section
expressly provides that he "shall be entitled
to hold such office until a successor shall have
been-in like manner appointed."
Mr. WILLIAMS. ! 1 Except as herein other-
wise provided."
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps that fourth sec-
tion might cover it, but I do not think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Ohio
will allow me, I will give him the explana-
tion of that. I think it indispensable to the
scheme on which the bill goes that that lan-
guage should stand just as it does. It is in-
tended to meet a case of this description : a
good officer, a postmaster for instance, con-
tinues during the four years prescribed by law.
A successor to him is nominated in due season
by the President. It appears to us that the
successor is a very improper person to fill the
office. Now, the object of this provision is,
that in cases of that description the old officer
shall hold over beyond the duration of the four
years until the President and the Senate shall
be able to concur in selecting his successor;
and that, with the provision of the fourth sec-
tion, that the general duration of the office shall
still be limited by law, I think puts it upon pre-
cisely the ground that it should be put upon,
provided we arc to pass the bill at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems then that I was
correct in the construction which I gave to the
two sections together: that it was intended by the
first section to extend the duration of the term
of office in case the President and the Senate
should not agree upon the successors. I am
not in favor ot'that—by general legislation ex-
tending the term of office. The term of a vast
number of offices is fixed by law. I think
when the office expires by limitation or by
death, or by a removal made for good cause,
there ought to be power in the President to fill
the vacancy at once; that we ought not by
legislation to continue the officer beyond the
term for which he was appointed by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it be improper, as is
supposed by my friend from Ohio, to allow an
officer who has held an office for four years to
continue to exercise the duties of the office
after that term of four years until the Pres-
ident and the Senate shall be able to agree
upon his successor, then it would' be simply
declaring either that the office must go vacant,
or else that in the meantime the President may
selectsomc person withoutregard toour wishes,
treating it as a vacancy lawfully happening and
selecting his own appointee for a temporary
commission, whose name he need never send
to us at all to fill up the place. The conse-
quence would then be that if we failed to con-
cur in that, the party who held the office tem-
porarily might continue, as has been said,
during the long recess, and hold the office for
a very considerable length of time. It ap-
peared to the committee that if an officer,
against whom no charge of impropriety had
been made, who was fitly and honestly per-
forming the duties of the office, should come
to the expiration of the period limited by law,
and the President and the Senate should fail
to agree as to his successor, it would be best
for the public service to allow that officer tem-
porarily, until we should agree, to continne to
exercise the duties rather than to have him go
out, and the mere appointee of the President
alone, without consulting us at all, put in his
place. If the Senator from Ohio on reflection
disagrees with me as to that, I shall very much
regret it indeed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to press
this matter. I simply desired to call attention
to what several Senators supposed to be an
inadvertence. But take the case of a bond.
The term of office expires the four years ex-
pire ; the bond is not obligatory after the expi-
ration of the four years. The receipts and dis-
bursements by an officer after the four years
are not secured by his bond. Take the case
of the expiration of the term of office. The
Constitution provides how that vacancy shall
be filled if it occurs. During the recess of the
Senate the President fills it; and in case the
vacancy occurs during the session of the Sen-
ate it is filled in the mode pointed out by the
Constitution; so that there is practically no
difficulty. The President will have at least
until the close of the following session of Con-
gress in which to fill the vacancy. In case it
cannot then be filled on account of a disagree-
ment between the Senate and the President,
then the deputy or whoever is legally provided
by law can fill the vacancy as the bill declares;
so that it seems to be the effect of the first, sec-
tion to continue the duration of the tenure of
office beyond the term fixed by law, and with-
out the security of the bond in the case of a
disbursing officer.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that the bonds, as now prepared by the Treas-
ury Department, are so drawn as to cover the
time which may elapse after the expiration of
the term of office and before the appointment
of a successor. They cover all the time during
which an officer continues to exercise the duties
of the office.
Mr. SHERMAN. Having called the atten-
tion of the Senate to this subject, I have no
objection to letting this amendment pass over
until we can look into it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this feature of
the section will be found, on examination, to
b'e" a necessary element to reach the general
scope that the idea of the bill was intended to
provide for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw the pres-
ent amendment. I desire to offer another
amendment as an additional section. It is the
bill which I introduced at the beginning of the
session and referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and which has been fully considered. It
is 4o insert as an additional section the follow-
ing:
And be it further enacted. That no money shall be
paid from the Treasury of tho United States to any
person who, having been nominated for any office
and been rejected by the Senate, and subsequently
appointed to that office by tho President, for any sal-
ary, fees, perquisites, or expenses accruing after the
close of the session of the Senato during which his
nomination was rejected; and if any person shall
appoint or sign or prepare such an appointment or
commission, or if any person so rejected and reap-
pointed shall hold or exercise the functions of the
office for which he was rejected by the Senate, after
the close of the session of the Senate at which ho was
rejected, or if any accounting or disbursing officer
shall allow or pay to any person so rejected any sal-
ary, fees, perquisites, or expenses accruing for that
office after the close of tho session of the Senato at
which ho was rcjectcd, ho shall bo deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, npon conviction thereof, shall
be fined not exceeding 110,000, or ai the discretion of
the court shall be imprisoned not more than five
years.
I will state that this section was drawn early
in the session, printed, and referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee, and the chairman of that
committee stated to me it was not acted- upon
because of the pendency of this bill, the sub-
ject being before another committee, and upon
the statement that it could then be offered
when the bill came up. It is intended to pro-
vide for cases that have actually occurred, where
the President has sent a nomination to the
Senate which has been rejected, and yet in
violation of the spirit of the Constitution, of
the meaning of the Constitution, the President
insists upon keeping that person in office, and
again appoints him to office and sends Ms name
again to the Senate. It is intended to meet
the very case mentioned by the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] the other day. Ido
not think there ought to be any real objection
to it. I can scarcely coneeive a ease in which
the President would be justified in entirely
ignoring the opinion of the Senate on a matter
in which it has equal constitutional power with
himself.
This section is so drawn as not to prevent
the President from sending the name of a re-
jected person again to the Senate, so as to
enable them to reconsider the nomination. If
a rejection has been made upon misadvertence
or false statements of fact, the President may
again send that name to the Senate at a sub-
sequent session; nothing in this amendment
will prevent it; but in the mean time he would
be bound to respect the judgment of the Sen-
ate so far as to appoint some one else to fill
the office until the close of the following ses-
sion. Then he may at the next session send
in the name to the Senate and they may recon-
sider the nomination of the person formerly
rejected ; so that it does not operate as an ex-
clusion from office, or a denial of the power to
hold that particular office. It simply provides
that the judgment of the Senate shall be so far
respected that until the nomination is again
submitted to the Senate and confirmed that
person shall not hold that particular office. He
may bo appointed to some other.
There was one difficulty I ,had in framing
this proposition, and about that I am not en-
tirely satisfied, and that is as to the accounta-
bility of accounting officers in paying salaries
to persons who have been rejected by the Sen-
ate, Perhaps they cannot always be formally
or legally notified of the rejection. There may
be a difficulty in that; but that was provided
for by a bill which was pending at the time I
drew this section, which required the rejections
to be communicated to certain disbursing offi-
cers ; and if this section should be adopted it
will be necessary to have some such provision
as was contained in the former bill at the time
I drew this section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a good deal of
merit in the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio, and I do not know but that I should be
willing to agree to the proposition entirely,
considered by itself; but in many respects I
think, from the study that I have given to the
subject, it will fail to meet all the objects that
he has in view. He has suggested one of the
difficulties, and that is, in respect to the pay-
ment of money to the persons who shall be
thus appointed, and possibly _ it may not be
known to the Treasury how it is. That is the
case, as I understand, as a matter of actual
feet. They seem to have a system of regula-
tions and procedure in the Treasury Depart-
ment by which either it is everybody's business
not to know whether any money is illegally
paid out of the Treasury, or else it is nobody's
business in particular to know. Each officer
in the routine takes the particular paper that
he has as prima facie evidence of the pro-
priety of the person receiving tho money who
is named in it; and therefore on a recent
, inquiry addressed to myself, in connection with
,j these very investigations, to the Treasury
11 Department to know whether, since the 9th of
