1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
1153
are whether there should or should not be an
increase in their compensation.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that the corps
of employes in the city post office perform a
great deal of very hard labor, and that as com-
pared with the other employes in the Depart-
ments here thoy perform more labor and spend
more of their time actually in the public ser-
vice, night and day, than other employes of the
Government. They have not any regular rest
even upon Sundays, such is the press of busi-
ness in that office; and from what I know of
the state of things there I certainly am unwill-
ing to strike out the words proposed by the
honorable Senator from Maryland. I think if
there are any set of clerks in Washington who
deserve this increased compensation it is the
clerks in the city post office, and I hope the
Senate will not strike out these words.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator from Michigan or the Senator from
Oregon, what is the compensation now allowed?
As the Senator from Michigan thinks it is a
more meritorious claim than that of any of
the clerks in the Departments, many of whom
render very high and important service to the
Government, 1 should like to know what allow-
ance is now made.
Mr. HOWARD. I am informed on very
good authority that although there is no regu-
larly fixed compensation for the employds of
that office, the average amount is a very little
over eleven hundred dollars a year. That, is
all the information I am able to give the Sen-
ator from Indiana 011 that subject. It is obvious
that in this place it is not very convenient for
a man to live upon $1,100 and lay up anything
for old age or a rainy day, as he and I are
anxious to do, by turning an honest penny.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Nearly every one who
knows anything about post office business,
knows that the clerks in the post office here,
and generally in the large post offices through-
out the country have more severe duties to
perform than clerks anywhere else. I should
not think I was departing from a sound judg-
ment if I were to say that they render double
the service that is rendeied on an average by
the clerks in the Departments here. They aie
not at rest either by night or by day. The
service requires intelligence, promptitude, ex-
act attention, and complete execution. What
is projjosed here is to add to their now assigned
compensation twenty per cent. The reason
is that while it is within the power of the De-
partment or the postmaster to compensate up
to the present maximum, he does not feel
authorized, except by some resolution of Con-
gress, to place the employes in the post office
in the cily of Washington on the same footing
with the cmployfis in the various other Depart-
ments of the Government. 1 believe they labor
much more; I believe that their duties require
more attention; I believe they should be just
as well considered, and I see no good reason
why they should not be put in this resolution
in the category of other employes of the Gov-
ernment for an advance of compensation.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend by
striking out all after the word "annum" in
the thirty-second line to the word " pro-
vided" in the thirty-seventh line. The words
which I propose to strike out are "nor to any
person whose salary has been increased by law
since the 30th day of June, 1864, except those
clerks in the office of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral whose pay was equalized with that of first-
class clerks by act of July 28, 1866."
The effect will be simply to make that pro-
viso read:
Provided further, That the resolution shall not ap-
ply to persons whoso salaries as fixed by law exceed
s3,500 per annum.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So far .as I am concerned
I shall make no objection to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois. I do
not know what the other members of the Fi-
nance Committee may think, but my opinion
39th Cong. 2d Suss.—No. 73.
is that the resolution ought to be amended in
that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am very happy to know
that the Senator having the resolution in charge
consents to the amendment, and his consenting
to it relieves me from the necessity of saying
anything about it. The object of striking out
these words is to allow persons whose pay has
been increased since 1864 to have the benefits
of the twenty per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not strike out the
next proviso, which excludes those persons
whose pay has been increased merely tempo-
rarily in one Department? •
Mr. TRUMBULL. The objection which I
should have to that I will state in a moment.
The effect of striking out the words which 1
have proposed to strike out will bo to bring
within the provisions of the resolution those
persons whose salaries have been increased
within the last two years, and particularly the
female clerks whoso salaries were increased, I
believe, from $720 to $900, and who would be
excluded from the benefit of the resolution as
it now reads. If these words are stricken out
they will be embraced. The reason why I
have not included the other proviso in my
motion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those mentioned in it
are persons whose salaries have been increased,
not permanently, but only temporarily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
knows that that was an increase which never
met my approbation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection was as
to the manner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes. The proviso to
which the Senator refers applies to those per-
sons in the Treasury Department who received
a part of the £160,000 or the $'250,000 fund
which was given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to disburse there among the clerks.
Mr. CONNESS. Why should they not re-
ceive the benefit of this resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason they should
nat receive it is because they have had this bo-
nus already. They have received it from what
I thought was a very injudicious appropriation:
placing $2">0,000 in the hands ol'the Secretary
of the Treasury to be disbursed among his
favorites in the Department. I do not wish to
go over that argument again.
Mr. CONNESS. The clerks are not respon-
sible for that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The clerks have got the
money, and I do not care about including them
now in the appropriation of twenty per cent,
that is made to other clerks, if the Senate
think proper to strike out the other proviso, 1
shall say nothing further about it; but I will
not make a motion to do it. I trust the words
I have moved to strike out will be stricken out,
and then if any other Senator thinks proper to
move to strike out the last proviso, and the
Senate agree to it, very well.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope both provisos will
be stricken out if either shall be, and 1 hope
4hat both will be. I do not know any reason
why the clerks who received this bonus, as it
is termed, should not receive this general and
regular increase of compensation. I do not
think the clerks should be held responsible for
the mode of distribution of the appropriation.
It is not the fault of any clerk that Congress
placed the discretion over that sum in the head
of the Treasury Department. It appears to
me there is but one view which can be taken
of that money distributed to these clerks as a
bonus, namely, that it was found that they were
worthy of it; that up to that time at which they
received it they had received an insufficient
sum, and that was given them to avoid a gen-
eral increase, which at that time it was believed
the Treasury could not afford; that in getting
a share in the distribution of that money they
got but what was their due, but what in part
compensated them for the labor they had per-
formed up to that time. It is now proposed
to give an additional percentage to the clerks
in the different Departments, and I ask what
fairness there is in failing to extend it to these
men. Is that small additional compensation
wljieh they received out of the fund distrib-
uted by the Secretary of the Treasury and in
accordance with the wish of Congress to bo
regarded as a sufficiency for them for all time?
I do not understand the justice of that view of
the ease.
I hope that both provisos will be stricken
out. If we are to compensate clerks at the
capital because their present compensation is
insufficient, shall we fail to compensate the
men who have proved their capacity in the
Treasury to the extent of securing the approval
of those who exercised control over them? Let
it not be said that favoritism guided the_ Secre-
tary of the Treasury in every case in th'e mat-
ter of distribution. I cannot say that that offi-
cer was not guided by favoritism in any case;
I do not know that it was so; but I do know
that it is a mistake and utterly wrong to charge
that he exercised favoritism in every case. It
has fallen to my lot on another occasion in the
Senate to speak of that misefable organization
known as a Departmental Club in Washington.
I will not refer to them further now; but I
know very well that the distribution of the
funds placed in the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury was not confined to the men
who made up that club. T know men in the
Department who served through the war, were
out to pieces and incapacitated for hard labor,
who have been employed there, and have won
their way by their superiority as clerks to high
promotion, who have filled their places with
the greatest possible credit, who received a
part of that compensation, and received it
justly. I was about to say as much as this
the other day when the discussion took place
in the Senate upon this question; but that dis-
cussion was so much out of order, so much
away from the immediate question then before
the Senate, that! concluded to forego express-
ing, not only my opinion in the promises, but
giving the knowledge that I had against the
constant asseverations that the distribution was
made to favorites and favorites alone. 1 hope
that by no vote of the Senate shall we under-
take to make compensation to clerks based
upon any opinion that we had or have upon
the merit of the other system of distribution by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and I hope that
we shall not do injustice by our votes here to
clerks who have proven their superiority, and
thus secured the favor of those who have con-
trol over them. I trust that the Senate will
strike out both provisos.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illi-
nois made the remark that he did not wish to
apply this extra compensation to those per-
sons who were paid from the fund which was
distributed by the Secretary of the Treasury
among his favorites. On that point, in order
that an end may be put to that sort of remark,
I wish to say that I have authority for the
statement that the Secretary made the distri-
bution in the various bureaus on the recom-
mendation of their heads. The Secretary
directed the beads of bureaus fa) recommend
for extra compensation those chiefs of divis-
ions or clerks performing important duties
analogous to those of chiefs of divisions who
in their judgment should receive the extra
compensation, and the distribution was m:ide
on the basis of merit and efficient service, re-
gardless of the former or present politics of
the recipients. In view of this statement, I
hope nothing further will be said about the
money having been distributed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury among his favorites.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 consented to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois
because I have made some examination sinco
the report was made, arid I find that the in-
creases referred to in the proviso have gen-
erally been increases to equalize the salaries
of persons who were performing duties similar
to those performed by other persons, so that
all persons occupying similar positions in the
Departments and performing simitar duties
should receive equal pay. If this proviso were
left in the resolution in its present shape, the
