THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
February, 1863-*-! think that is the date at
which time'Congress passed a law forbidding
such payments as these to persons thus ap-
pointed—any payments had been made from
the Treasury to such persons,,I have received
a reply from the Secretary of the Treasury
communicating the reports upon that subject
of his auditors an<J comptrollers, each report
upon the subject being taken by itself, stating
that it is nop that particular officer's business
to know whether any such event has occurred
or not, and therefore the Secretary concludes,
taking the whole three reports together (I be-
lieve ,there are three) that so far as the knowl-
edge *pf the Department goes no such event
has occurred; while I venture to say, although
I do not speak by authority or on my personal
knowledge, as a matter of probability that a
great many persons of that description have
received money from the Treasury since the
passage of the act of 1863, in violation of law.
Now all that must be provided for. All that
was considered by the committee who reported
this bill with the amendment. It appeared to
them that, inasmuch as the subject of this bill
was one which was working a great practical
change in the administration of the Govern-
ment, one the propriety of which would be
greatly doubted by many men, one the consti-
tutionality of which would be greatly contested
by many persons in .the country, it would be
better on the whole to report the simple pro-
position first, determining whether Congress
should take any action on the subject, and pro-
vide simply by this bill for regulating the tenure
of these offices and the method of removal and
the substitution of other persons to the admin-
istration of them; and if the Senate should
think it fit to pass the bill and to provide for
this general change in the administration of
the Government, we would then prepare and
report to the Senate immediately, and I promise
the Senator that I will devote the skill I possess
with his aid to such further legislation in the
way of penalties and in the way of guarding
the Treasury against any evasion as should be
necessary, when we decide that we will enter
upon what may be called an experiment. There-
fore it is that I hope my friend from Ohio will
for the present withdraw his amendment and
let the sense of the Senate be taken upon the
general question which is involved in the simple
bill which we have submitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the object
of the Senator will be accomplished by this bill.
I will state to him beforehand that I have no
doubt it will be treated just as our previous
legislation on the subject has been treated. It
has been utterly disregarded and its constitu-
tionality denied. There were no terms in it to
enforce its provisions. There is nothing in this
bill that is not already enacted with regard to
other matters. Take the case I will put: we
passed a law declaring that no money should be
taken from the Treasury of the United States to
pay an officer who had been once rejected by
the Senate. That is utterly disregarded to my
Is there any such law?
I am not aware of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. When was it passed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In 1863.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh yes; I remember
it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The attention of the
executive officers was called to the law, and
the President submitted it to the Attorney
General, and the Attorney General-has given
his opinion—at least I have seen it in the news-
papers, not formally, but I presume the state-
ment is correct—that the law is unconstitu-
tional, and that the President has the power.
Mr. JOHNSON. What Attorney General?
Mr. SHERMAN. The present Attorney
General. I get this from newspaper statements,
and they niay do him injustice, but it is pub-
lished in the newspapers as his opinion, and I
think it is acted upon, that an appointment
once rejected by the Senate may be renewed
the very day after our rejection.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the point
here ; but the opinion is, that consequently our
attempt to prevent such a person being paid
salary, &c., is unconstitutional and void; that
the officer being legally appointed is entitled
to the legal salary attached to the office; and
therefore the provision which denies to ac-
counting officers the authority to pay him is
utterly disregarded. There is one case in the
State of Ohio where an assessor was appointed
by the President and rejected by the Senate
after deliberation, and he was reappointed and
is now holding the office. There is another
case, I am informed, in the State of New York,
where the same person is again sent to us.
Mr. HENDERSON. Sloanaker, in Phila-
delphia.
Mr. SHERMAN. And one case in Phila-
delphia, where the nomination was for a long
time considered, and the action of the Senate
was publicly known upon it, known to every
one. Now, in regard to the knowledge, there
is no doubt that the President knew of this
rejection, because it is communicated to him.
There is no doubt the Treasury Department
know, because it is communicated to them.
All these papers go through a regular routine.
We all know they have at least intelligence of i
them. My amendment is so framed that if the
President should make such an appointment,
and authorize the payment of money under those
circumstances, he would be guilty of a declared
offense, a high crime and misdemeanor. If he
should violate that law once or twice, the Sen-
ator from Maryland says that he would be wil-
ling to impeach him. I think it is important
for us to declare this offense beforehand in ,a
law fully considered, that we may punish him
for its violation. It is perfectly idle for us to
pass a bill which simply declares the law with-
out having any penalty attached. I think, with
due deference to my friend from Vermont who
has examined this question, that he ought to
attach to this bill—I am not wedded to my own
particular form of words—some penal clause
that will punish a violation of the law and will
also punish the payment of money where it is
already prohibited by law. But if he will take
the subject in charge and make such a section,
with the views we have in common, I am per-
fectly willing to withdraw my amendment. I
do not wish to embarrass this bill at all, or
delay it by discussing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will mention to my
friend that that is precisely w hat the whole
joint committee on full consultation thought
it desirable should be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be done in
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is merely a question
of convenience as to how we shall get at it.
We desire to pass just such a law in substance
as the Senator from Ohio desires, and we desire
to have it so comprehensive and so specific
that no man, even an Attorney General, can
pretend to misunderstand its provisions or es-
cape if he violates it. That is what we want.
But, as I said before, inasmuch as the chief
subject of this bill—that is, the fundamental
idea of it—with respect to which all this ma-
chinery and all these penalties are to attach,
if we pass it at all, was a new one which would
undergo debate and dispute, and all that, we
thought it more desirable, as a matter of ex-
pediency and convenience, to bring forward
first the main measure as a separate proposi-
tion, and if the main measure should meet the
approval of the Senate we would then imme-
diately bring forward those additional measures
which should completely protect it. That was
our idea. We may be wrong about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have it at-
tached to this bill. If the Senator says he will
take the subject under consideration before the
bill passes from the Senate and attach a penal
clause to what is declared to be the law, I have
no objection to withdrawing my amendment;
but I wish it attached to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that meets the views
of Senators preferably to that which the com-
mittee thought it was best to do, we shall ac-
quiesce. It is a mere question of convenience.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be
placed on this bill. I withdraw my amend-
ment- in order to allow the Senator to look
over the subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the hour is getting
late, with the assent of the Senate, I was about
to move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the Senator from
Michigan offer his amendment so that we may
know what it is. •  
.Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. It is to come in after the
word "Senate" on page 3, section two, line
eleven. There does not appear to be any pro-
vision in the amendment which we are discuss-
ing requiring persons who are to receive the
necessary appointments at the hands of the
President on the suspension of an incumbent,
to give bonds or any security for the perform-
ance of their duty. I think the Senator from
Vermont, on looking at it, will see the neces-
sity of it, and I propose after the word " Sen-
ate" to insert the following:
■ And shall require of such person bond with suffi-
cient surety or sureties for the faithful discharge of
his official duties under suoh temporary appointment,
if such bond be required by law of the person sus-
pended.
I think the Senator from Vermont will see
no objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That subject had not
escaped the attention of the committee, but
that also was one of the details of subsequent
machinery in connection with many ex.isting
laws respecting the giving of bonds by all per-
sons and respecting the penalties for the viola-
tion of the official duties for which the bonds
are given in respect to which the law is exceed-
ingly disjointed and loose, that we had intended
to bring forward. I do not know that I have
any objection, if the Senator desires to press
it here, to the insertion of that amendment. I
should like to hear it reported again, however.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will suggest to the Chair
that there is a pending motion to amend already
a different part of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdrew his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But there is a pending
amendment moved by the Senator from Wis-
consin to strike out certain words. Now, the
Senator from Michigan moves to insert different
words in an entirely different place in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin has been
disposed of and rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to look at
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
as I think its phraseology is not exactly what
it ought to be. I therefore move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. Before the Senate adjourns
I desire to give notice that on Monday morning
next I shall ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the bankrupt bill.
The motion of Mr. Edmonds was agreed to; •
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 10, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Philip Johxsost, of Pennsylvania, ap-
peared in his seat.
HAKB0R OF ST. JOSEPH, MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriation to r'epair and complete the pier and
improvements in the harbor of St. Joseph, on Lake
Michigan, and report by bill or otherwise.
