1867.
OOFORBSSIOFAL GLOBE.
cancellation op revenue stamps.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill supplementary to an act relating
to the cancellation of revenue stamps; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
pay of detached officers, etc.
Mr. COOK, by .unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that commissioned officers and enlisted
men who have served in the Army or Navy of the
United States in the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, who were separated from their com-
mands, regiments, or companies, as prisoners of
war, or in consequence of being placed on detached
service by pToper detail, or on special duty by their
superior officers, or who were disabled by wounds
or disease contracted while in the service and in the
line of their duty, shall, on muster out and settle-
ment of their accounts with the Government, be
entitled to recpive full pay and allowance up to
the time they received notice of their muster out
or discharge or to the time they were permitted to go
to their homes to await their discharge; and that in
such case they shall be entitled to the u3ual commu-
tation for travel and rations when thesamewere not
furnished; so thatsuch officers and enlisted men shall
be alfowed full pay and allowance for the full time
they were subject to the miiitary authority of the
United States, and were thereby prohibited from en-
gaging in other occupations.
excused from committee service.
Mr. BOYER. I ask to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on the
Militia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] also asks leave to be excused
from service on the same committee. If there
is no objection the gentlemen will be excused.
No .objection being made, both the gentle-
men were excused from service.
representation from alabama and texas.
Mr. COOPER presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas J. Foster, claiming to be a Rep-
resentative-elect to Congress from the sixth
congressional district of the State of Alabama;
which were referred to the committee on
reconstruction.
Also, the credentials of Hon. A. M. Branch,
claiming to be a Representative-elect to Con-
gress from the third congressional district of
Texas.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the regular
order, the question pending at the adjournment
last evening.
Mr. BLAINE. I would request that the gen-
tleman make the motion he did yesterday and
let the morning hour go on.
Mr. GARFIELD. Can I do that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then for the sake of
allowing the morning hour to go on I move to
postpone the regular order until the expiration
of the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
pay of post route agents.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the call of the committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on the Post Office
arid Post lloads, which is entitled to another
morning hour.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill in
regard to the compensation of route agents of
the Post Office Department; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read in full, authorizes
the Postmaster General to pay route agents in
the service of the Post Office Department any
sum not less than $000 nor more than $1,200.
per annum.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would like to have
the bill explained.
Mr. FARQUHAR. "Will my colleague on
the committee yield and allow me to offer an
amendment in relation to the pay of postal
railway clerks, to allow them twenty per ceut.
increased compensation ?
Mr. ALLEY. I think the gentleman had
better not press that amendment. I am in-
formed by the gentleman from Iowa that there
is no necessity for it—that the Department has
the power already to pay snch sum as they
deem expedient.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I differ with the gen-
tleman.
Mr. ALLEY. I think it had better come in
as a separate bill. I think on the whole I must
object to allowing the amendment of my col-
league iipon the committee to be offered, inas-
much as gentlemen all around me who are in-
terested feel that it would embarrass the bill.
I think to this bill there cannot be the slightest
objection, and there might be to the other
proposition.
I supposed that no explanation would be
required on this subject. I supposed that
every gentleman in the House understood the
nature and character of this service of route
agents. I presume"nearly all the route agents
are appointed upon the recommendation of
members, and they are therefore certainly con-
versant with the duties of this service. I think
all will agree in the statement I shall make,
that this service is the most poorly paid of any
that is rendered to the Government. The pres-
ent route agents get only $800 aycar as a gen-
eral rule. Some of them, I believe, are paid
$900, but in no instance does their pay exceed
$1,0<X), and the Postmaster General is not
authorized to pay any larger sum than $1,000;
and I confess, Mr. "Speaker, that I can hardly
reconcile it to my sense of justice for the Gov-
ernment to refuse to pay any of these men over
$1,000, many of whom, as we all know, are
persons of the greatest efficiency, energy, and
capacity.
The circumstances of the service of these
route agents are these: they are obliged, as
all members of the House I suppose are aware,
to leave their homes a great part of the time,
to be away from their families, and be subject
to extra expense. Now, they must necessarily
be very competent and intelligent men. The
service which they are required to perform is
in its nature somewhat hard, and having to
perform such service requiring so much abil-
ity for such a small compensation, and being
obliged to incur extra expenses, the committee
were unanimously of the opinion that their
pay should be raised to a sum not exceeding
$1,200 per annum. I think it should be even
larger than that, but the committee agreed
upon this sum as the maximum and $900 as the
minimum ; and as the members of the House
are all so well acquainted with the nature of
the service, and as it is of such a character
that I think no reasonable opposition can be
made to the bill, I therefore, if no further
explanation is required, will call the previous
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of meeting the Post Office Committee
this session, and I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee why the Postmas-
ter General should not be permitted to employ
persons for less than $900 a year.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who was not present in the
committee when this matter was discussed, that
it was fully considered in the committee, and
they were unanimously of the opinion that the
amount of compensation had better be limited
to $900 on the one side, and extended to at least
$1,200 on the other, as the nature of the ser-
vice is of such a character that no portion of
it should be required for a less sum than $900
a year; and it was thought that it was sufficient
to leave a discretionary power to this extent in
the hands of the Postmaster General, and to
confine it there.
Mr. JOHNSON, The gentleman will allow
me to say that in the neighborhood of cities we
sometimes get an extra mail by getting a car-
rier to carry the mail, whose compensation is
1 much less than $900 a year. Ho is employed,
perhaps, for two hours a day, and if the Gov- :,
eminent is required to pav these men at lea't |i
i $900 a year wo shall have to dispense with I!
some of these extra mails within a short dis-
tance from cities.
Mr. ALLEY. I will gay to the gentleman
that such an agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment as that indicated, performing snch ser-
vice, would not be under the law properly a
route agent, and is not go considered by the
Department. There is, therefore, no force in
that objection, and I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third timeand being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill. [Cries of
" No, no."} I think, as we are doing nothing
but burdening the Treasury and increasing sala-
ries, that the country should know who does it.
I insist on the demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I call for tellr
ers on the yeas and.nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, it^Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 462) to
admit the State of Colorado into the Union, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
bridge over the mississippi.
Mr. ALLEY also, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill
declaring the Clinton bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a
post route; which was"Vead a first and second
time.
The bill was read through.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that this is the
same proposition that was voted down by this
House at the last session.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman state
that it is identically the same proposition?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is sub-
stantially the same proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a very different propo-
sition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
nearly the same proposition that was intro-
duced last session by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] and reported in another bill
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Alley. ]
Mr. DAVIS. It is entirely different.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has not a commit-
tee a right to re^fcrt a bill that has once been
defeated'.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that at another session otCongress they could
certainly report a bill of the same character,
but this is not the same bill as was reported
last session, as the Chair understands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is sub
stantially the same proposition to dam up the
Mississippi river.
The SPEAKER. The Digest states that at
the same session, on the same day even, a bill
not differing in substance, though differing in
terms somewhat from one already rejected,
maybe reported from a committee. Certainly
the same thing could be done at another ses-
sion. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose,
Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise
to another point of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir ; I
rise to take the tloor in opposition to the bill.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] as the chairman of
