1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
all that has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois. The Senator from Ohio, it
appears to me, admits the whole case in his
argument. He tells us that the Finance Com-
mittee consented from time to time to certain
temporary advances in favor of these ladies 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the honor-
able Senator that those advances were perma-
nent, and that their pay is fixed by permanent
laws.
Mr. CONNESS. I speak of the advances
made heretofore, and I understand him to say
that they were upon the ground that the com-
mittee were convinced that the ladies were in
many cases unable to meet their just demands.
Congress yielded when the extreme necessi-
ties of these employes were presented, and
that is urged now as a reason why we can go
no further.
If it were proposed in this body that a day's
labor in auy of the Departments when per-
formed by a man should consist of seven hours
and a day's labor performed by a woman
should consist of ten hours, I apprehend that
it would not receive a Senator's vote; and yet
you calmly advocate just as much disparity as
that would be. While you admit that the value
of the services of the female are equal to those
of the male, yon propose to give her less com-
pensation. I do not understand the justice of
such a proceeding.
It is only a little while since we had speeches
made here upon a motion to extend the fran-
chise to women, and it was argued at length that
we could not deny equal rights to the female
sex. Mr. President, we have a proposition
before us now more practical in its character
than that. It does not even reach the position
whether we shall pay the female the value of
her labor equally with that of the male, for
that is not proposed. I am ready to vote it.
1 know no reason why a woman performing as
much and as valuable service as a man should
not receive its rightful compensation; but that
point is not involved in the amendment. The
question is simply whether the female clerks
shall have twenty per cent, added to their sal-
aries, which are ltow $800 a year less than the
lowest class of male clerks have. I cannot
refuse to vote it.
I know that the Senator from Ohio is care-
ful in regard to the public expenditures, and I
honor him for that; but -there is sueli a thing
as exercising care in a wrong direction, and
there is sometimes such a thing as being un-
just in the exercise of care, and I hope that
we shall not do the injustice of refusing to
vote this twenty per cent, to the class of per-
sons in the public employment who are in
every respect entitled to equal compensation,
and especially entitled to our consideration
and care.
Mr. DAVIS. According to my understand-
ing there are now four classes of male clerks.
The first class receives $1,200 a year; the second
class $1,400 ; the third class $1,600 ; and the
fourth class $1,800. The point which I wish to
present for consideration is simply this: that the
most efficient class of female clerks who receive
the highest pay get $300 less than the first or
inferior class of the male clerks. Now, I was
struck very much by the view which the hon-
orable Senator from California took of this
-subject in a single remark he made, and it
illustrates the matter under consideration with
force and truth. Suppose you were now regu-
lating the hours of labor that should bo per-
formed by clerks and there was a proposition
made that a female clerk for the same com-
pensation should do labor three hours more
than a male clerk, would there be any gentle-
man in the Senate or in the nation that would
not be shocked with the injustice and the
enormity of the proposition? It is just in sub-
stance the same.
I do not adopt any dreamy theories of my
friend from Illinois, but I take a common
sense, practical, and just view of the subject,
and that is that the laborer is worthy of his
hire or her hire, and that where a female clerk
or employd does as much service as a male
clerk or employ^ as a general principle of jus-
tice she ought to receive the same compensa-
tion. But, sir, the proposition is not so favor-
able to the female clerks as that. It is simply
that the female clerks, who were advanced from
$600 to $720 and some to £900, shall receive
twenty per cent, in addition to that compensa-
tion.
Mr. President, you ought in justice and in
right to these female clerks give them something
like the proposed compensation or you ought to
dismiss them from the public service; and if
you were to dismiss them from the public ser-
vice you would introduce in their stead an in-
ferior set of clerks, who would not perform the
same amount of labor nor with anything like
the same carefulness and fidelity. I do think
that the proposition to bring the female clerks,
whose compensation is twenty-five per cent,
less than that of the first class of male clerks,
within the benefit of this proposition, is not
even just; it is below sheer justice, and I trust
the Senate iftll vote it down.
Now, in relation to the preferred clerks who
receive the exfera compensation that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was authorized by law for
the last three or four years to pay them, I pre-
sume it was paid to them upon the ground of
their great efficiency, their perfect acquaint-
ance with the duties of their offices, anu their
great efficiency in their performance. I sup-
pose that the present allowance is only what
is due according to the proposed rate of in-
crease of compensation to those very faithful
and competent clerks. I therefore shall vote
for that also.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that if these
words are not stricken out there will be some
gentlemen excluded from the benefits of this
resolution not intended by it. It will be recol-
lected that perhaps two years ago the salaries
of the Assistant Secretaries and the Assistant
Postmasters General were equalized at $3,500.
Some received prior to that time $4,000 and
some Assistant Secretaries $3,000, and Con-
gress equalized them all at $3,500, so that the
language now used would exclude those who
had $3,000 before and by that law were in-
creased to $3,380, which would not bo just if
we allow the twenty per cent, to those who
were reduced from §4,000 to $3,500, and 1
would not be satisfied to see the language of
the resolution stand as it is.
I admit the force of the argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio on the other question, the com-
pensation to the female clerks; but I do not
think that in a bill like this wo can reach the
question, which Congress perhaps will have
at some time to consider, whether the intro-
duction of female labor to so large an extent
as we now witness into the several Depart-
ments of the Government is an advantage to
the public service and brings credit upon it.
That is a question upon which I think any
Senator may well have his doubts ; but I do
not think we can adjust and settle that ques-
tion upon a measure like this.
Pursuant to law these ladies are employed ;
they have a salary of $900; and I cannot see
why, if wo give twenty per cent, additional
compensation to other clerks, they shall not
have it. But when the question shall come
up whether by the action of Congress this sys-
tem of doubtful propriety, and which lias been
the subject of very much scandal, shall be in-
creased, or whether the influence of Congress
shall be given in favor of its gradual abandon-
ment, it will have to be considered. My mind
is not fully satisfied about it. Certainly the
beautiful sentiments of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Yates] find a response in the heart
of every one of us ; but it is not clear, when a
man looks into some of the congressional in-
, vestigations, that this system is promotive of
advantage in the several Departments; but
while the system stands and is recognized by
law I am inclined to give them the same benefit
of an increased compensation as is given to
other employ6s.
Mr. PBSSBNDFjN. xYs my friend from
Oregon, who has the management of tkis reso-
lution in his charge, expresses his determina-
tion to recede from the position taken by the
committee in reference to this matter, I cer-
tainly do not feel myself bound by anything
that was done in committee on the subject:
and as I perceive the general sense of the Sen-
ate is in favor of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, it may be well that
I should give a brief account of the manner in
which the committee came to the conclusion
they did—and that conclusion was applicable to
both clauses, the clause now under consider-
ation, which applies to the females employed in
the Departments, and the next clause, which
applies to those persons who received an addi-
tional compensation out of the amount placed
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senators who look at the resolution as first
reported will find that it included both classes
and gave the twenty per cent, to both. In that
shape it was brought into the Senate. The
ground taken by the committee was that al-
though the pay of females employed in the
Departments had been permanently increased
to $900 a year, on the whole it would be rather
invidious to make a distinction between them
and others who were perhaps in the same cat-
egory of having had their pay increased gen-
erally. Inasmuch as their compensation was
not very high and there was great complaint in
regard to the want of adequacy of the salaries,
and perhaps in some degree from the consid-
eration which has proved to be correct that it
would be impossible to resist the battery of
supplications and tongues that must ensue if
wc did not do it, we thought we might as well
come down in the first instance as in the last,
because wo felt very certain that that would
be the conclusion to which the Senate would
come and we might just as well make a virtue
of necessity and recommend it, ourselves. That
was the reasoning applicable to that particular
clause.
The other clausc was with regard to the
twenty per cent, to those whose compensation
was increased during the last year by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. With regard to them
we supposed their pay had not been made too
high by anything they had received, and that
the persons who had received it ought to have
had it a year before. Indeed, we lost many
very valuable men in consequence of such a
compensation not having been provided for
tliem. The money had been disbursed, as we
understood, on the score of the superior merit
of the recipients. It was thought it would be
invidious to exclude them from the bonus here
proposed to be given, particularly as they were
men who had rendered special valuable ser-
vices, many of them extra services.
It is impossible in a measure of this kind to
do exact justice. I know, and we all know,
that there are in the Departments many per-
sons, young men and others who are not so
young, who now receive all they ought to
receive. I refer particularly to unmarried per-
sons and those whose services are not of the
highest description and whom we could replace
at any moment from the thousands of applica-
tions from men just as good as they are. Hence,
in any bill giving twenty per cent, increase you
will necessarily give money to persons who
now receive all they ought to receive, as much
as they are entitled to, and me well _paid for
their services; but still in a bill of this kind it
is impossible to discriminate.
If you give the twenty per ccnt. to one, you
must give it to all. You cannot discriminate
between classes because some clerks in the
first class arc very deserving and are so situated
that they ought to have it, while some in the
other cla«ses may not bo entitled to it. If you
cannot discriminate between them, and if you
must necessarily give it to many persons who
really receive as much as they ought to receive
now, why should you refuse it to those who are
confessedly the most meritorious and the most
deserving of any persons in the Departments/
The committee, therefore, came to the con-
clusion that they should include both, give it
to both classes, and save all complaint upon
