1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
if this amendment is proposed by the com-
mittee?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I understood that I had
the assent of the Committee on Commerce to
move the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it comes from the
Committee, I have no objection to it; but if
it does not, I object to it.
Mr. SPRAG U E. The only difference is this:
the chairman suggested that it should be
reported favorably from the Secretary of War.
It was not understood by those who had the
matter in charge that it should go to the Sec-
retary of War for his approval. It therefore
went to the Secretary of the Treasury, and it
has passed through both the Treasury Depart-
ment and the Coast Survey Office.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a question of order
that I raise, whether it is reported from the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, it is not reported
from the committee. It has not the sanction
of the committee. The recommendation comes
from the wrong source. It is reported from
the Coast Survey instead of the War Depart- 1
ment. The committee have recommended no
appropriations that were not recommended by
the engineer department of the War Office,
and this came through the wrong channel, I
am sorry to say. " I should have been glad if j
it were otherwise; but as it stands it is entirely
outside of the action thus far of the com-
mittee. I
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am just as sure as that
I stand here that had this matter been pre-
sented to the Committee on Commerce they
would have sanctioned it, coming as it does
from the Secretary of the Treasury and from the
Coast Survey. It was simply an error on the
part of those who had the matter in charge in
sending it to the Secretary of the Treasury
instead of the Secretary of War. In fact I did
not know myself what course to pursue, and was
surprised when I was informed that it should
go to the Secretary of War.
It is true that this is a river the head of which
is in a State with a small population; but that
State pays one fortieth part of tho revenue of
the country, when you consider the sums her
citizens pay in their own State, in other States
where their business operations are carried on,
and by the consumption of articles imported,
which pay imposts. Rhode Island is not in
the habit of asking of Congress or of the Gen-
eral Government appropriations. I know of
few in my experience. This is one of a few
that I have ever asked for. The people of that
State generally pay for such improvements
themselves. Providence city has expended j
large sums in this behalf, and they would be <
willing to do so in this case perhaps; but the |
commerce of the country entering that river,
distributing its supplies to almost every State
in New England, at any rate as much in Mas-
sachusetts as in Rhode Island, as much almost
in Connecticut as in Rhode Island, and who
now asks that this improvement shall be made.
Mr. President, if this bill means anything,
it means that we are to improve the rivers and
harbors of the country, ana so long as the prop-
osition that I have offered has been carefully
and thoroughly investigated, it seems to me
whether it is presented with the sanction of the
Secretary of War or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury makes but little or no difference. It has
been well considered. The improvement is
necessary. The commerce, not of one State,
but of six States is dependent upon the removal
of obstructions which through sand-bars and
otherwise fill up the river and impede com-
merce. Sir, there is no appropriation in this
bill more iniportantto the West and to the East
than the one I now advocate. Examine for
yourselves the western productions entering
this country. Indeed 1 hardly know of one
that is half as important as the one I now urge
upon the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest to tho Sena-
tor from Rhode Island that he place these two
items in section four for investigation and for
estimate from the propor Department. It is i
very possible that the estimates from the Coast
Survey may be just as reliable as those from
the War Department. We might by law place
these expenditures under the charge of the
Secretary of the Treasury if we saw fit to do so,
but we have placed them under tho charge of
the Secretary of War, and we have thus far I
received no estimates or surveys and acted upon |
none except through the War Office; and un-
less the Senate see fit to transfer these appro- I
priations to the Secretary of the Treasury, we
must continue to be governed by the estimates
from the War Office. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island that he place those two
rivers ir. section four for estimates and surveys
through the proper channels, and then in an-
other year we can act upon them in accordance
with the rules of the Senate and House. If
these appropriations were put on here they
would be stricken off in the House. I hope
the Senator will accept my suggestion and
place them in section four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire
whether this motion of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island is not entirely in order? ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair it is, clearly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I would inquire '
what difference it makes whether the recom-
mendation comes from the one department or
the other? Here, on tho one hand, is a young
engineer, fresh from West Point, who examines
a western river and makes estimates which he
sends to the Secretary of War, and the Secre-
tary of War sends those estimates in a lump j
to Congress without adding his own recom-
mendation in any Bhape or form. I do not
understand from anything I have heard in the
debate, or anything I have seen, that there has
been a single one of these estimates, so called,
made by the engineer department that has
been made the foundation of a recommenda-
tion by the Secretary of War himself. If I am
in error about this the Senator from Michigan
will correct me.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Secretary of War
has sent in as his own, adopted by him, the
report of the engineer-in-chief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but where
is his recommendation that these appropria-
tions be made ?
Mr. CHANDLER. He simply adopts the
recommendation of the engineer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Adopts them by hav-
ing them printed and sent to Congress as the
report of the engineer department, without
saying one single word whether he approves it
or not, as I understand. If I am in error
in this, let the Senator show me the part or
point of the report of the Secretary of War
in which he recommends these appropriations
in any other wise than by sending them in a
lump to Congress as estimates by the engineer
department. The amount of it is he does not
know anything about them. All he knows is
precisely what is reported to him, and he does
not pass his own judgment upon it in any
shape or form. Understand me : I do not ob-
ject to it on that account, not in the slightest
degree. If there is any deficiency there, it
has been made up by the examination of the
committee who do recommend the appropria-
tions, which brings them within the rule.
Without the recommendation of the commit-
tee they would not come within the rule.
Now, h re is an eastern river, which has been
thoroughly examined by the Coast Survey.
Everybody knows the carefulness with- which
they make their examinations; everybody
knows the skill with which those examinations
are conducted ; everybody knows how reliable
those examinations are in all particulars. That |
report, having been made to the Treasury De-
partment, the Secretary of the Treasury specific-
ally recommends these appropriations. Now,
I should like to know why this estimate does
not stand just as well as if it came from a young
engineer who has just gone on and made his
estimates, and why it is not entitled to as much
consideration? Senators say it does not come
from the proper Department. The Iivw does not
place any of this work under any particular
Department except as appropriations have
been made and the War Department has been
authorized to expend the money.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well ; if the
amendment of my friend from Rhode Island is
to be voted on and agreed to, I have nothing
further to say. I do not talk for the sake of
talking.
Mr. CHANDLER. As no quorum was shown
on the last vote, I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, in order to show that there is
a quorum present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No vote
disclosing the want of a quorum has been taken.
The vote on the amendment was counted on
one side and not on the other.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will ask for
another division.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was agreed to; there being, on a division
—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
on page 4, by striking out lines seventy-five
and seventy-six of section one, in the following
words :
For improving harbor of Loo la Belle, Lake Supe-
rior, $46,0«0.
I am reluctant, of course, to make a motion
of this description against the wishes of my
distinguished friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, who represents the State in which this
appropriation is to be expended; but the facts
compel me, acting upon a sense of duty, to
make the motion and to state the circumstances
of the case to the Senate. It involves an
expenditure of $100,000 or so, which is of
course a mere bagatelle ; but it may be worth
saving.
The Lac la Belle Harbor Improvement Com-
pany is a corporation established under the
laws of Michigan, and by the laws of Michigan,
which I have at my desk, and is entitled to
charge tolls for the passage of vessels through
its canal, excepting the public vessels of the
United States. This Lac la Belle Harbor
Improvement Company is a corporation au-
thorized by the laws of Michigan to build a
canal from Lake Superior to Lac la Belle,
which is a small lake or pond about three fourths
of a mile from tho shore of Lake Superior inland
to the eastward of Keweenaw Point. The land
between those two points is a level sand plain,
only elevated six feet above the level of Lake
Superior. The purpose of this corporation is
to build this canal, making profits from its tolls,
and opening this little inlaud lake as a harbor
of refuge for vessels, and opening certain mines
in the mineral region of that section of the
State. On the 3d of July, 1806, this Congress
granted to the State of Michigan, for the benefit
of this particular work, one hundred thousand
acres of the public lands in the vicinity of that
lake, excluding the mineral lands that had then
been designated as such, but including all that
had not then been designated as mineral lands.
The report of the engineers upon this subject
is as follows:
" Improvement of the harbor of Lac Iri Lake
Superior.—This is a small inland lake. ab'Uit two
miles in length, half a mile wide, and thirty feet
deep, distant a-bout three quarters of a mile from
Lake Superior, and debouching on the south side of
Keweenaw Point. A canal to unite this with Lake
Superior has been in progress for two years past, the
entrance into the latter being extended by carrying
out piers to make the opening permanent. Great
difficulty has been experienced in making the sides
of the cut"—
I beg Senators to notice the language, " the
sides of the cut," not the piers or the harbor
in the lake at all, but the sides of this identi-
cal canal, which is private property—
"permanent, in consequence of the character of
the soil, which is light shifting sand, and this diffi-
culty was increased by piling a large part of the ex-
cavated material on the sides of the canal.
"The preate-t height of the land through which
the cut passes does not exceed six feet above the sur-
face of the lake. In August last the canal had been
cut through and piers had been carried into L ike
Superior twelve feet wide, four hundred nnd forty
feet long on the south side, and two hundred and
twenty seven feet on the north side of tho eut i the
