THE; 0©¥OR1SSIOMAL ©L03M1.
January 10,
the committee reporting the bill, is first enti-
tled to the floor. [Laughter..] • >
. Mr^ ALLEY* Mr. Speaker,-1 do liot pro-
pose, at" this time to say much in reference to
this Bilk I will merely explain that this bill,
substantially in many respeets, was presented
for consideration at thelast session in the form
of an amendment to a? bill trtiich was passed
authorizing the erection of several bridges
across the Mississippi river. But the bill now
reported is somewhat different from th at am end -
ment; it has more guards and restrictions than
that had:} and'therefore the committee thought
itcould:be properly reported at this time to the
House.
■ I do not propose to say anything on the merits
of the bill at this time, but to give way in a few
moments to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] to make such remarks as he
iehooses in opposition to it. Preliminary to
that I will merely say that that gentleman yes-
terday charged me with having attempted to
get that bill through at the last session under
the gag'of the previous question, and only
yielded to allow its discussion for a short time.
In reference to that, I will-only say that I vol-
untarily gave the gentleman more time a great
deal than I occupied myself, as chairman of the
committee, in the discussion of that bill, and I
believe that other gentlemen who opposed the
bill .occupied more time than its friends. Now,
I submit whether under these circumstances
the gentleman was justified in saying that the
committee attempted to gag this thing through
the House.
Further, I will say, with regard to tie argu-
ment of the gentleman to-day, I suppose his
'argument at this time will be about the same
that he made before. He then had a great
deal to say about the Rock Island -bridge;
very little about this bridge, for the reason
that he could not say anything against this
'structure, at least, as I believe, rightfully and
properly. As to the Rock Island bridge I
concede to him, and so do all of the commit-
tee, and so do I beli^Ve the majority of the
House, that that structure is not at all what it
should be. But whatever the opposition to
that structure may be, it has no bearing what-
ever upon this one, and I will say to the gen-
tleman that, for argument's sake, I will agree in
advance to all he may say about the Rock Isl-
and bridge, and I beg of him to confine himself
in his remarks to this bridge, to its character,
and to its merits. If he will do that, I can
assure him that he can have all the time he
desires to discuss it to his heart's content.
Now, allow me to say one word further be-
fore I yield the floor to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Waskborne.] This last autumn
several members of Congress passed over that
bridge, myself among them. Their attention
was called to it and they examined it thor-
oughly, and I think they will all concur with
me when I say that we were greatly surprised
when we saw such a bridge, the best structure
I think that we ever saw of<fce kind; scarcely
any obstruction in the slightest degree to the
navigation of the river. I think we were all
very much surprised, in view of the actual
facts, at the statements made upon this floor
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bukne] at the last session. I now yield the
floor for thirty minutes to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
understand the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Alley] proposes to impose the gag rule
here to-day. He does not propose to yield the
floor entirely, so that this question can be fairly
discussed, but he proposes to hold the previous
question to close the discussion whenever he
Now, Mr. Speaker, I must confess that I have
never been more surprised in my life than I was
yesterday morning when I was notified that
this proposition, which was considered by the
House at the last session and indignantly re-
jected, was to be again sprung upon us yester-
day morning. Other matters intervened, and
it has come over to us this morning.
I am surprised, sir, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts and the Post Office Committee
should, after a measure has been fully- consid-
ered and discussed and rejected by this House,
undertake-to spring substantially the same meas-
ure upon the House "without having given the
people who are interested any notice of what
they were doing or any hearing before the com-
mittee. Sir, they suppressed all information
of what was going on in relation to this bill,
and the first notice I had of it was yesterday
morning-, when-the committee were called on
to report, and I was advised that they intended
to report this-bill. Sir, it would seem to the
uninitiated that there was something extraordi-
nary in this matter. Great questions of public
interest—great questions in which the people
are interested—are regarded as of subordinate
importance. When there arises a measure by
jvhich corporations or a few individuals only
are to be benefited the people go to the wall;
they are allowed no hearing.
Gentlemen may recollect something of the
discussion which took place in reference to this
bridge at the last session. Here was a bridge
which I know, and which 'every pilot and
steamboat man upon the Mississippi river
knows, to be a material obstruction to naviga-
tion. This fact has been sworn to by fifty wit-
nesses, whose testimony was before the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. But
there is a great mammoth consolidated corpo-
ration, the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
Company, which is getting into its clutches all
the railroads of the Northwest. This mam-
moth corporation, in conjunction with other
roads, and in conjunction with the Albany
Bridge Company, has built across the Missis-
sippi river a bridge which is an obstruction to
navigation. At the last session, Congress with
the concurrence of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts-,- [Mr. Alley,] considering this whole
question of bridges, deeming it absolutely ne-
cessary that there should be bridges over the
Mississippi river, provided by law how those
bridges should be built. We provided a cer-
tain breadth of span, and made other provis-
ions which would render it certain that those
bridges would not be material obstructions.
But, sir, this Clinton bridge, built by these
corporations, obstructs the navigation of the
Mississippi river, and does not conform in any
respect to the requirements to which other
bridges are made to conforms The gentle-
man from Massachusetts now has, I must say,
the audacity to come in here and ask this
Congress to relieve this stupendous and re-
morseless monopoly from the expense of mak-
ing this bridge conform to the requirements
which apply to the other bridges on the Mis-
sissippi river. I ask gentlemen here whether
they are prepared to do this act of injustice.
What reason is there that this bridge, owned
by these corporations, should be taken out of
the general rule prescribed for every other
bridge?
But the gentleman from Massachusetts has
"traveled" somewhat. Probably he went-out
with other members of Congress on a junket-
ing expedition, and went over this bridge. The
railroad officers, with their magnificent car,
filled with wines and turkeys and other good
provisions, took some of our members of Con-
gress, including, I presume, our distinguished
friend from Massachusetts, and showed them
this bridge. With not a steamboat within sight,
with no means of practical observation, they
,said, "Do you suppose this bridge is an ob-
struction to the navigation?" "Oh, no ; not
at all. We do not see why a steamboat can-
not go through. We do not see why the rafts
and barges which the hardy lumbermen from
Minnesota and Wisconsin float down the river
—those barges which bring down grain, a part
of which goes to Massachusetts to feed the
shoemakers of Lynn—we do not see why these
rafts and barges cannot go through." Oh, no,
they could not see. I will not say that after
dining they were not in a condition to see.
[Laughter.] At any rate the gentleman says
they did not see. Well, sir, here, in a docu-
ment. which I hold in my hand,- is what some
men have seen, men who have,navigated that
river to my' knowledge for fifteen or twenty
years. What do they say in regard to this
inatter of obstruction ? These are not honor-
able members of Congress. Oh, no1; they are
nothing but plain pilots and steamboat captains
and engineers. They are not supposed to know
much, I suppose; and they have in this House,
I presume, no rights which white men are
bound to respect." What do they say ?
"The undersigned, pilots, captains,and exports in
the navigation of the Upper Mississippi river, and
owners of boats engaged in tie navigation of the
Upper Mississippi river, being duly sworn, state on
oath"—
This is a statement under oath. The mem-
ber from Massachusetts, I believe, was no.fc
under oath when he made his statement, al-
though his word is just as good as his oath
anywhere. These men certify under oath—
"that they believe-the bridge across the Mississippi
river at Clinton, Iowa"—
This is the bridge in' question—
" as at present constructed is a very material obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the Mississippi river; that
they each and all have had experience in the nav-
igation through the draw of said bridge, and^peak
from actual experience and knowledge; that tho
same causes great risk to life and property in passing
through the same, and causes great delay and loss to p
owners by detention on account uf wind or darkness
at times, when but for the bridge that portion of the
river could be run with perfect ease and safety.
"That the said bridge is located' where there is a
curve in the- river, and the piers are set down at an
angle of from ten to fifteen degrees to the current,
causing great difficulty in the approach to the draw,
and danger of collision.
"That the draw is only one hundred and twenty
feet in width, and the difficulty is greatly increased
when boats have barges in tow."
I ask my friend from Massachusetts what he
provided at the last session of Congress'as the
width of the draw of every otber bridge 1 One •
hundred and sixty feet, making a difference of
forty feet in favor of this bridge of these monop-
olists. It was provided that every other bridge
should have a certain span, but that this shall
be legal with only twenty feet.
I ask, in all candor and earnestness, what is
the reason for that difference ? Is it because
you do not want to tax these combined railroads
a few thousand dollars to make their bridge to
conform to others ? Is that what you are legis-
lating for? If so, I do not think you will have
many friends along the line of these roads,,
which are charging so enormously for fare and
the transportation of freight that they have be-
come utterly odious and accursed of our people.
It says that this draw is only one hundred
and twenty feet, and that the difficulty is
greatly increased when boats have barges in
tow. Let me tell gentlemen here in regard to
these barges in tow. It is undoubtedly going
to be the means of transportation upon the
Mississippi river, some boats having fifteen or
twenty barges in tow; after we get the impedi-
ments to navigation removed, from the falls
of St. Anthony to New Orleans, before break-
ing bulk. In that view the matter becomes of
vast importance. Why, sir, the damage of one
single fleet of barges at this bridge, as' you pro-
pose to legalize it, by the danger of shifting and
other delays, would amount to three or five
hundred dollars. This the people of the North-
west, the people of Massachusetts, and the p£0-
gle everywhere, will have to pay in the increased
cost by the added cost of transportation. That
is what it means when these railroads come
here and ask us to legislate in their favor.
Here is another statement, that the average
width of a large boat, including guards, has
nearly sixty feet, and the additional width of
two barges would be about fifty feet more, so
that only ten feet on each side is allowed.
That is when they have only two barges, one
on each side, but where they have a fleet of
barges of fifteen or twenty, five or six abreast,
where are they?
They say that where there is a current this
margin is entirely too small for safe navigation
even in ealm weather, and when there is any
wind, or -it is dark, the danger is greatly en-
hanced.
