1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
least depth of water in thecut being eight and ahalf
fret. It was proposed to prolong the piers until that
on the -outh side should be six hundred and thirty-
si\ tO'>t. and on the north side six hundred feet Ions,
wYieii would bring them into sixteen feet water. A
law of Congress, approved July 3,1800, granted to
the State of Michigan one hundred thousand acres
ot land to aid 111 the construction of this canal, the
dimensions to be at least one hundred feet wide at
the top, seventy-five feet wide at the bottom, and to
have a depth of water through the entire length of
at least twelve feet. This will, it is thought, be suf-
ficient for the eommerceof the place. It isdoubted,
however, whether these dimensions can be preserved
without further protection to the banks of the canal,
which will be constantly abraded by the motion of
the water caused by the waves of Lake Superior and
the passage of vessels tlnough the cut. This pro-
tection may be afforded by a double row of sheet-
pil'ng on both sides of the canal, driven at the
present water's edge—thfi prism of sand to bedredged
out. In case no turther donation of lands is granted,
the following amounts will be required for this
purpose: amount of appropriation at last session of
Congress, 1866, $ : estimate for permanentcom-
pletmn of work. $92,000; amount required for next
fiscal year, $46,000."
Now, upon that the House bill has inserted
an appropriation of $40,000 to go into the
pockets of this canal company in building the
identical canal that they have got one hundred
thousand acres of land already granted to them
to build, and in respect to which they are enti- !
tied to charge the whole commerce of the lakes
tolls for its passage into that lake. I think I |
am safe in saying this is the first instance in
the history of the country when public money
has been devoted to the private uses of a pri- i
vate corporation. !
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is under a
misapprehension all the way through from be-
ginning to end. In the first place, up to this
date not one single farthing has been expended '
upon the harbors of Lake Superior, noris there
a harbor on Lake Superior at all. The whole j
coast of Lake Superior is open to the storms
from the northeast, the north, and very much !
exposed even from the northwest, and there is
no harbor on all the American coast of Lake
Superior, even of refuge in case of a storm.
Keweenaw Point extends a long distance down
into Lake Superior. About twelve miles from
the point is a little lake called Lac la Belle,
about, two miles in length and about half a mile
in breadth, with very deep water—a harbor
large enough to protect all the fleets of all the
lakes. A year ago one hundred thousand acres
of land were granted to the State of Michigan
to open a canal of about half a mile from the
lake into this Lac la Belle. That canal has
been made, and steamboats of the largest class
now pass in to Lac la Belle. As the Senator
says, it is not yet finished ; but it is to-day a
safe and secure harbor of refuge. It is about
equidistant from Marquette, Eagle Harbor.
Eagle river, Ontonagon, and all the principal
points on that lake ; and here you get by this
point of land—I will have the map here in a
moment; I have sent for it—a safe harbor, if
you can enter into it; that is, yon must get in
through this canal into the harbor, or it is no
harbor at all, as a matter of course.
I have now got the map. [Exhibiting it to
the Senate.] Here is Keweenaw Point, ex-
tending off into the lake, as every Senator can
see, and twelve miles inside this point is Lac
la Belle, and here is a harbor of refuge, as you
will see, protecting the whole of Lake Supe-
rior, commenced last year under an appro-
priation of one hundred thousand acres of land
from the Government of the United States.
They have dug that canal; it is not qnite fin-
ished; and now the War Department recom-
mends an appropriation of $46,000 to make
that a perfect ana safe harbor.
Mr. President, if there is a single appropria-
tion in this whole bill that ought not to be
stricken out it is for that harbor there. It is the
only harbor of refuge there is on Lake Superior
to-day. True, it is not a place of large com-
merce, but there are mines around it, and it is
springing up to be a place of considerable
importance. As a simple harbor of refuge it
is absolutely indispensable. It stands pre-
cisely upon the same basis as every other
appropriation in the bill; and I ask the Senate
whether they will abandon the whole of that
commerce of Lake Superior without one single
harbor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I agree with the chair-
man of the committee, that as a harbor of ref-
uge for many years this has deserved more
than any other port that lies along the shores
of Lake Superior or Lake Michigan. It is not
because it is a harbor where vessels can be
built, or builded if you please, but it is a great
harbor of refuge needed, demanded by the
interests of Lake Superior, the greatest sea
there is in the West. I trust that with due
regard to the demand of the interests of the
West this port—1 do not call it a harbor; I
call it a port particularly—may be regarded,
and $50,000 is not a large numeral for the
purpose of accomplishing the object. I trust
the chairman of the committee may be sup-
ported in this appropriation.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to oppose
any of these appropriations, because I do not
know precisely on what principle the appropri-
ations have been reported, whether it was to
give so much indiscriminately to every harbor,
or whether it was because money was needed,
and more in one place than another; but this
Lac la Belle is no stranger to us. I can re-
member when parties in this interest appeared
before the Committee on Public Lands and
assured us that if we appropriated a quantity
of public land they would not only be able to
build the canal, but make a most perfect and
complete harbor ; and finally they said if they
could have the even sections—the odd sections
in that country had been given to a railroad—
but if we would depart from our usual course
and report a bill giving them the even sections,
so that they could have one hundred thousand
acres of the public land, it would be such a
subsidy that they would be able not only to
build a harbor and canal, but to side it up. I
believe the committee, however, did not yield
the point so far as the even sections were con-
cerned, but they did report a bill giving them
one hundred thousand acres. I thought at that
time it was a magnificent donation, because it
was given to a company. If it had then been
supposed we were to add a donation of money
to it, I do not think the appropriation could
have been carried in the committee. But if
these appropriations are all to pass and none
to be scrutinized, perhaps opposition to this
one would be considered invidious. From the
way in which the bill appears to have been re-
ported, it seems as if we were to enter upon a
wholesale business of improving the harbors
of the country by giving them all about so
much, whether there be any public necessity
for it or not; but as this company have had a
donation of land, I think we ought at least to
have that appropriation spent; they ought to
have time to spend all that before we make an
additional appropriation. I shall, of course,
support the amendment to strike out this clause.
Mr. McDOUGALL. About the invidious-
ness of advocating propositions like this the
Senator from Kansas should say but little ; for
he has asserted and fought for more things,
and Kansas has, than any who have come be-
fore the Legislature of the Government of the
United States—fought for them well. I dp
not dispute that. He fought for them, I may
say, successfully; but it does not lay in the
mouth of the Senator from Kansas to raise
questions like this. I do not care to indulge
in any argument on this subject; but the Sen-
ator knows well that Kansas has given us more
trouble about improvements on the frontier
and our progress there than any other part of
the Union; and I take occasion now to remark
the fact, not to be disguised, that the Senator
from Kansas and his colleague, who is now
gone to his fathers, did make more trouble
about progress between the Rocky mountains
and the coasts of the Pacific than any two men
who ever sat in the Senate Chamber. It does
not exactly suit me that he should rise in his
place and undertake to discourse about a
subject with which he is only imperfectly ac-
quainted. I am better informed myself, far
better informed than he is. I understand the
conditions of the mountains and their neces-
sities. 1 have been disturbed, disturbed much
by the Senator from Kansas and his former col-
league, now gone, by questions raised, where
the question was—not what was the truth, but
what would pay in Kansas; and they have
made it pay in Kansas. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think if the Senate
would give any attention to this matter there
would be no votes for this clause of the bill;
the proposition to strike it out would be adopted
by the unanimous vote of the body. At the
last session of Congress this corporation filed
a petition for a grant of lands to make this
canal, and I recollect very well the discussion
in the Committee on Public Lands in regard
to it. I was very reluctant to vote for that bill,
because it was a purely local work, and there
were very few persons to be benefited by it.
I did not hear anything said then about a har-
bor of safety, a harbor of refuge. But there
are some mineral interests there; there are
sc.e gentlemen engaged in mineral pursuits ;
und they have to carry their ores to a very
considerable distance at an expense which will
be avoided by making this canal. The owners
of these mines had commenced the construc-
tion of this canal for their own benefit; but
they claimed that it would be a public benefit
by making a harbor there ; that the lands would
be brought into market thereby ; settlements
would be made ; and therefore the Govern-
ment could afford to appropriate some lands to
this work that seemed to be a private enter-
prise. Upon that showing the committee, not,
I believe, with my consent, and perhaps without
the vote of the Senator from Kansas, reported
this bill:
"That there be, and is hereby, granted to the State
of Michigan, for the use and benefit of the Lac La
Belle Harbor Improvement Company, a company
organized under and by virtue of the laws of the
Stato of Michigan, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of a ship-canal to connect the waters
of Lake Superior with the lake known as Lae La
Belle, in said State, one hundicd thousand acres of
the public lands of the United States," &c.
In the neighborhood of that little lake—
"Provided, That the said canal shall be at least one
hundred feet wide at the top, seventy-five feet wide
at the bottom, and shall have, when completed, a
depth of water through its entire length of at least
twelvo feet, running from sixteen feet of water in
Lake Superior to fourteen feet of water in Lac La
Belle: Provided further. That said canal shall be
and remain a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States free from toll," &c.
And if the canal was not finished, the lands
were to revert to the United States. Now,
what has been done with those lands? Have
they been selected? Have they been taken
out of market and away from market for the
benefit of this company? Have they been sold
and the money realized? We know nothing
about this. Whether this is enough to build
the canal, we do not know. I think it was
claimed that some seventy or eighty thousand
dollars had been raised by the mining interests
in that neighborhood to make this canal before
the grant of the lands, and it was supposed, I
believe, that this grant of lands would be suf-
ficient to complete the canal. I ain astonished
that it is asked to make any appropriation in
money when there is thisgrant of lands undis-
posed of, and we have no report in regard to
it before this body. With such a state of case
I cannot vote for the appropriation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a
report on this very subject. My attention has
just been called to it:
, "A x£* °f Confess, approved July 3,1866, granted
to the State ofMiclngan one hundred thousandacres
ol land to aid in the construction of this canal, the
dimensions to be at least one hundred feet wide at
the top, seventy-five feet wide at the bottom, and to
have a depth of water through the entire length of
at least twelve feet. Ihis will, it is thought, be suf-
ficient lor the commerce of the place. It is doubted,
however, whetherthesedimensions can be preserved
without further protection to the banks of the canal,
which will be constantly abraded by the motion of
the water caused by the waves of Lake Superior, and
the passage of vessel? through the cut. This protec-
tion may be afforded by a double row of sheet piling
on both sides of the canal, driven at the present
water's edge—the prism of sand to be dredged out.
In case no further donation of lands is granted, the
following amounts will be required tor this purpose ;
Amount of appropriations at iast session of Congress
