1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
1866, : estimate for permanent completion of
work, $92,000; amount required for next fiscal year,
$46,000."
This is a report from the engineer depart-
ment made January 28, 1867. The Senator is
mistaken in supposing there is no report in the
case. That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said in the outset,
it is atways with extreme reluctance that I
propose any amendment against the wishes of
my friend, the chairman of the committee;
but I thought it due to the Senate that they
should know precisely what the facts of this
case are before they vote this money. Those
facts are simply these: this is a private cor-
poration which takes toll, or will take toll when
the canal is done^o that vessels can use it, from
the whole commerce of the lakes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not so under-
stand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is so by the laws of
Michigan, that I hold in my hand, authorizing
the formation of the company. I know my
friend does not so understand it. If he had he
never would have asked this appropriation.
My friend is mistaken in that respect, because
I do not impute to him the intention to get any
wrong appropriation here by any means ; but
that is the fact, as the laws of Michigan, that I
hold in my hand, show. Now, then, having
granted to this corporation only last July one
hundred thousand acres of valuable lands, is
it right, upon any evidence we have, that Con-
gress should put its hands into the pockets of
the people and take out $100,000, because this
$40,000 is only an installment, to build that
identical canal; not to improve the harbor
outside of it, but to drive pilings on each side
of it, so that the sand will not slip into this
private canal. That is the question ; and hav-
ing stated it, I have done my duty. It is for
the Senate to decide what is right.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If this appropriation is
to be applied to build this canal I shall not
vote for it. I do not understand that to be
the fact, however. My understanding of the
fact is this: the part of Lake Superior upon
which this work is to be done is one which has
not any natural harbor; and I very well re-
member the discussion before the Committee
on Public Lands, at the last session, as to the
necessity of this canal; that by cutting the
canal through from Lake Superior to this
small interior lake the small lake would fur-
nish a safe harbor. The trouble was there
were no means to get from Lake Superior into
it, and this appropriation of one hundred
thousand acres of land was given to a com-
pany to open that communication. Now, I
do not understand that the appropriation asked
at this time is to complete that canal or to be
applied to the building of a canal, but to the t
making safe of the harbor in the lake when
reached.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to read for his information 
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have heard it read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you allow me to
read again ?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Wait until I get through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certair.Iy.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that the
lake itself requires improvement inside; that
vessels cannot lay safely there when they reach
it; and if that is the object of this appropri-
ation 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, if he will yield the floor a
moment, that before the Committee on Public
Lands, at the last session, this shore was de-
scribed as a straight shore, furnishing no pro-
tection at all. There is no harbor there, no
creek, no break in the shore known to the
Committee on Public Lands, as it was repre-
sented by persons from the neighborhood, but
simply a little distance from the shore, per-
haps half a mile or a mile, there was a little
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I was was just explain-
ing that to the Senate if the Senator was lis-
tening.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And this canal is sim-
ply to connect the two lakes, Lake Superior
with that little lake.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is what I was try-
ing to explain to the Senate. I said that on the
shore of Lake Superior in this region there was
no natural harbor ; that it became necessary to
have in some way a harbor, and the Committee
on Public Lands came to the conclusion that
it would be the best way and the cheapest way
to have a harbor there, to have this canal from
Lac La Belle into Lake Superior, and the ap-
propriation of one hundred thousand acres of
lands was made in order to make that canal.
Now, I understand this appropriation of money
is asked, not to complete that canal, not to aid
in building that canal belonging to a private
company, but to make a harbor in the lake
when reached. That is the object of it. It is to
improve the harbor and protect vessels when
they get through the canal into Lac La Belle, j
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish to ask my
friend from Iowa to listen to this official report
on that identical subject. I will read that part j
of it which relates to this point:
"It is doubted, however, whether these dimensions !
can be preserved"— j
That is of the canal— |
" without further protection to the banks of thecanal.
which will be constantly abraded by the motion of
the water." * * * * "This protection
may bo afforded by a double row of sheet piling on
both sides of the canal, driven at tho present water's
edge—tho prism of sand to be dredged out. In case
no further donation of land is granted, the following
amounts will bo required for this purpose." \
Now, will my friend from Iowa tell me what
"this purpose" is, unless it is the purpose of
driving pilings on the side of the canal?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That is not the law.
This appropriation states specifically what it
is for.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
making appropriations for consular and diplo- ;
matic expenses.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think we had better j
go on with the bill before us. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the report will not be received. |
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not a privileged ques- ,
tion? It is always in order, as I understand,
to receive and proceed with reports of com- \
mittees of conference. Of course this report ■
had better be acted on and disposed of npw.
I hope the Senator from Iowa will not inter-
pose an objection.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Unless it be a privi-
leged question I must insist on going on regu-
larly. i
Mr. SUMNER. It is the usage of the Sen-
ate I know to receive these reports and act
upon them at any time when presented.
Whether that is so by positive rule I am not ,
sure. I
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The Chair |
thinks the report of a committee of conference
not strictly a privileged question; but it has
been, as the Senator from Massachusetts sug- ]
gests, the practice of the Senate to receive
those reports ordinarily without objection at
any time when they are offered. ,
Mr. SUMNER. This will take no time. !
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I wish to conform to
whatever may be the rules of the Senate. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I should dislike very
much to see any objection interposed to action -
upon conference reports on the general appro-
priation bills. There is an indispensable ne-
cessity for acting on them the moment they {
are prepared. i
Mr. SUMNER. The habit of the Senate is '
universal. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is the custom
and perhaps the rule. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made the report will be received
and read. 1
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 904)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1868, and forother purposes, having
met, after tull and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered " one," and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Insert in line fourteen, after the word "dollars"
.the words: "Provided, that no money shall be paid to
the present minister-resident at Portugal out of any
fund whatever: and this provision shall continue in
force until repealed by Congress."
That theSenate recede from their amendment num-
bered "two." CHARLES SUMNER,
GEORGE G. FOGG,
REVERDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS.
N. P. BANKS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that report
excludes compensation to the present minister
at Portugal. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to the report. I cannot express my
view of that kind of legislation in proper lan-
guage, perhaps, and I satisfy myself by asking
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make a brief expla-
nation. It will be remembered that the House
of Representatives, in the bill as it came from
them, struck out the word " Portugal" from
the list of countries where we have ministers.
The Senate restored that word. The House
then disagreed with the Senate; and the ques-
tion between the two Houses has been arranged
by leaving Portugal in the list of the States
where we may have represontative3> but with
the proviso that nothing is to be paid to the
minister-resident now actually there. The sec-
ond point of disagreement between the two
Houses was relative to the contingent expenses
of the Foreign Department of this Government.
It will be remembered that that appropriation
at the last moment was cut down in the Senate
from $65,000 to $30,000. The House disa-
greed with the Senate on that vote, and the
Senate by the report of their committee recede.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill as it came
from the House of Representatives appropri-
ated a gross sum for the payment of ministers
at different points. The House bill did not
provide that our Government should no longer
be represented at Portugal.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
the House bill dropped Portugal from the list.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well, sir. Whether
a minister may be sent to Portugal or not did
not depend on that bill. Lisbon is made a
point to which we send a minister by existing
law; and the House bill if it had been agreed
to would not have repealed that legislation, but
Portugal would have remained a point at which
we were to be represented, but we should have
simply failed to make an appropriation for the
salary of the minister there for the year pro-
vided for in the bill. What was the effect ot the
House bill? The Senate disagreed to that, and
said that there should be a salary paid for the
coming year to a minister at Portugal. A
committee of conference is appointed, and they
not only yield the point to the House in regard
to the one year, but make it applicable to future
years. The Senate committee of conference
have gone further than the House itself had
gone, not only refuse to provide for the salary
of the minister for the year, but provide that in
future years it shall not be paid if the same
minister is retained at that court; and thus the
Senate has been represented by a conference
committee going beyond the demands of the
House, yielding more than the House asked,
striking out the'salary for the year and lor
future years! That which was a provision for
one year becomes under this report a perma-
nent law so far as the present minister may be
concerned. I do not think that is the manner
in which the Senate should be represented on
a committee of conference. I understand it
to be the duty of a committee of conference to
represent the sentiment of the Senate, not
