1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
This sworn statement is sighed by twenty
men, captains, pilots, and engineers.
I do not wish to argue this question at length.
It was argued as far as the gentleman would
permit at the last session of Congress, and
when we voted on it it was rejected. I thought
it was dead. I did not think we would hear of
such an impudent proposition again. If the
fentleman had advised meof what he intended
would have brought other testimony. I would
have brought instructions from the Legislature.
I would make tie voice of the people heard
here if the voice of the people could penetrate
these "walls in regard .to these questions. But
they laid low, they kept dark, they met and
agreed upon this bill and sprung it upon the
House, and demand we should pass it under
the previous question.
One word more. The gentleman says I did
him injustice when I said he undertook to gag
the bill through. Gentlemen will recollect how
it was. He did not propose to give me more
time than from three to ten minutes, and I would
not accept it; I would not take that time in a
matter involving millions of loss to the country.
The gentleman carried the previous question by
three votes.
Then I demanded they.eas and nays on order-
ing the main question, and believing he could
not carry it the gentleman under the force of
circumstances yielded me thirty minutes. If
that is not as near a gag as you can come, I do
not know it. And now, instead of having this
matter fairly discussed, he withdraws the de-
mand for the previous question, holds the floor,
and allows me but thirty minutes. It is more
than I wanted, however, for I think even in so
short a time as I have taken I have explained
the matter satisfactorily to the House. At any
rate I will reserve the balance of my time to
answer the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to ask
my colleague how long this bridge has been in
existence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A part of
this bridge is in my congressional district. I
am presumed to know something about that
section, for I have lived there twenty-five years.
It has been there five or six years, and it has
been a constant source of annoyance and com-
plaint all the time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has my colleague
got any authentic case that he can present to
the House of detention, delay, or injury to the
navigation of the Mississippi ? Has any steamer
been proved, by any document here, to have
been detained or injured ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
testimony was presented to the committee, if I
am not mistaken, showing'iu one case damage
to the amount of S4,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to reply to the gentleman
from Illinois?
Mr. ALLEY. I will. _
Mr. DAVIS. This bridge was constructed,
the gentleman from Massachusetts states, in
1864, and was open to navigation in March.
1865; and yet the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Warhburxe] says that for the last six years this
bridge has been a source of constant complaint
and great damage to the navigation on the Mis-
sissippi river. Now, sir, when I say that not
one single suit has been brought against that
company for any damage to any vessel or craft,
when I say that no claim has ever been made
against the company for damage, and when I
say 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman say there is not a ease now pending
in the United States court in Iowa for damage?
Mr. DAVIS. Not one. The attorney "of
the company swore before the committee that
no suit had been commenced, except one by
way of indictment against the company, in
regard to which they asked the protection of
Congress. That is all I have to say now;
hereafter I may have occasion to speak further
on the suhject.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield a few minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofielu.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I Wish to say a very .few
words in reply to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiibcrne ;] not in reply to his denuncia-
tion of railroad corporations; he may pitch
into them as much as he pleases for all me;
not in reply to his allusions to the industry and
economy of pains-taking New England, his
native country; they alway s take care of them-
selves
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They pro-
pose to take care of us. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not in reply to his pas-
sion oil the [Subject of gag; he can always
protect himself in that line as well as any gen-
tleman on-this floor. But, sir, I see beyond
the Mississippi a vast stretch of country out
of which we are from time to time adding to
the sisterhood of western States. There are
I believe four of these organized now, and yes-
terday bills were passed in the Senate admit-«
ting two more. We are donating lands for the
purpose of building railroads to grasp the
commerce of these new States and bring their
products into the markets of the East. We
have just learned that three hundred and five
miles of the Union Pacific railroad are com-
pleted. It is being rapidly pushed on, and
very soon will be out of sight in the deep
shadows of the setting sun. We want to con-
nect with the commerce of the States, and if
every time we propose to bridge the Mississippi
we are to be told that that commerce does not
rightfully belong to the East, that it must pass
through the Mississippi river, and that you must
not dam up that stream, it would have been a
great deal better for the country if God had
never given us the Mississippi. We must con-
nect with this commerce, and it is impossible
to do it without in some slight degree obstruct-
ing navigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agree
with a great deal that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has said; but tell me why we
should make a discrimination in favor of this
bridge and make the draw forty feet less than
that of any other bridge on the Mississippi for
the benefit of a railroad company?
Mr'. SCOFIELD. Why we have required
some companies to build bridges of one hun-
dred and sixty feet span I am not advised. I
only say that there has been a bridge built at
this point with one hundred and twenty feet
span which all practical men tell us obstructs
the commerce of the river very slightly indeed;
and the question is, whether we will tear it
down because the expense will come upon a
railroad company, and because some of the
Lynn shoemakers may be stockholders in that
company.
Mr. ALLEY. They are not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend from Massa-
chusetts tells me they are noC I was rather
surprised that a gentleman who is indebted to
the school-houses of New England and to the
economy of the home farm for all he is, and
who has gone out into the West, should cast a
reflection upon the capital acquired by indus-
try, even upon the shoemaker's bench.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand the gentleman's allusion, particu-
larly as I am pleading in behalf of the Lynn
shoemakers. I want to give them cheap pro-
visions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us bring provisions
then from beyond the Mississippi, from the
vast unoccupied prairies, that can grow millions
of bushels of wheat every year; let us bring
them across the Mississippi, and not force onr
western commerce when it comes to that stream
either to run down to New Orleans or up to
Galena.
Mr. ALLEY. I propose to occupy a few
minutes in reply to some of the points made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burxe,] and then I shall call the previous
question, and if it be sustained [ give notice to
gentlemen that I shall occupy but a very small
portion of the hour to which i shall be entitled,
and I will give them the privilege of speaking.
Mr. Speaker, this ease is all in a nut-shell.
The gentleman from Illinois has said a great
deal about the unfairness of the presentation
of this bill. I will say upon that point that the
committee went into a very patient investiga-
tion, which lasted several, weeks. We exam-
ined any number of witnesses cm both sides,
and after hearing all that conld be said by alt
the parties in interest, and those also who are
not interested, engineers and others, the com-
mittee, although not agreeing entirely as to the
expediency of bridging the Mississippi- at all,
were unanimously of the opinion that, sofarsS
this bridge is concerned, if any bridge is to be
built across the Mississippi river, this bridge
is most certainly right and proper, and Con-
gress having settled the question that it is in-
dispensably necessary to bridge the Mississippi,
we felt that it was our duty to present this
measure again to the consideration of the
House. ~~
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] resides in and represents Galena, and
that, I presume, with him is the whole point
in the case; that, I suppose, is his whole
ground of opposition. It is a sectional ques-
tion. It is a question which he thinks bears
immediately and adversely upon the interests of
his constituents, and so he comes in here and
opposes with all his might this bill upon that
ground. I cannot think that any fair-minded
and impartial person who has examined this
subject fully and candidly, and has investigated
it as fully as this committee have done, can be
opposed to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Wiff' the
gentleman inform the House whether the par-
ties opposed to the bridge have been before the
committee?
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I want to reply to one other point made
by the gentleman.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order. 1 submit, whether it is in order for
the gentleman to suggest that those who differ
with him in opinion are dishonest.
The SPEAKER. That is clearly personal
and out of order.
Mr. ALLEY. I meant no reflection upon
any gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend. The Chair rules upon the question of
order, that it is not proper for the gentleman
from Massachusetts to suggest that gentlemen
who differ with him are dishonest.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The gentleman
said that he could not conceive how any man
could be honest in opposing this bill.
The SPEAKER. That language is not par-
liamentary under the rules.
Mr. ALLEY. It is sufficient for me to say
to the gentleman that I meant no such thing.
I respect the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasubcrxe] as much as any gentleman upon
this floor. I will only say that he is a very
ardent advocate for anything that favors his
constituents, and a fierce opponent of all
measures adverse to their interests. I think he
will concur with me in that opinion. If that
is a charge of dishonesty I do not so under-
stand it.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield now. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washb>tbne] asks
a question, which I admit is a very pertinent
one. He asks why do we permit this bridge to
have a span of only one hundred and twenty
feet ? I will answer that question fairly and can-
didly. Congress, at its last session, enactcd a
bill allowing several bridges to be built across
the Mississippi river, but requiring them to have
a span of one hundred and sixty feet. Now, I
suppose that at some points a span of one hun-
dred and sixty feet is indispensable, if you are
seeking to have the least possible obstruction
to the free navigation of the river. There are
other points at which a span of one hundred
and twenty feet is sufficiently ample. And I
think the committee were unanimously of the
opinion that this point was one where a span of
one hundred and twenty feet was all that was
required, all that was necessary; for it appears
