m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
by the sworn testimony, which was not contra-
dieted, that this bridge crosses the river at the
best point for a bridge between- St. Louis and
St.Paul.- : .
.. FoW) this bridge has a, span, of .one hundred
ftnd twenty feet, a wider span than existed in
,the World twenty-five.'years ago; and we be-
lieve it is all that Is necessary at that point.
The bridge is now-built; all acknowledge that
it .is the best structure of the kind that was
ever erected op this continent. I believe there
is no dispute about that among those who have
examined it. This bridge was built in good
faith, under the authority of acts of,the Legis-
latures of Illinois and Iowa. The gentlemen
say if they had had time they could have
Brought here direct instructions from their
Legislature to vote against this bill. 'What!
after the Legislature has granted the privilege
of erecting this bridge they will come forward
after the bridge has been built and instruct
their Representatives to vote against it? I
think that cannot be.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield by and by. I
think I have met that assertion satisfactorily
as far as it goes. Now,, the bridge having been
built in good faith, of a requisite span for that
point, built at an enormous. expense, which
span cannot now be changed without the de-
molition of the bridge, I think it is not un-
reasonable that the committee should have
reggfrted this bill as it is, although requiring,
as the gentleman remarks, a larger span for
other bridges hereafter to be erected, some of
them at points where the current is more rapid,
and where two hundred feet eyen would not
make the navigation as free and safe as it is
through these draws of only one hundred and
twenty feet span. This bridge has .been in
operation two years, with an immense and
constantly increasing traffic over it, and no
accidents worth mentioning have occurred;
and can it be possible tliat the Congress of the
"United States will subject it to the possibility
of removal or destruction to gratify the whims
or local prejudices of interested parties. If I
had time 1 would like to give the statistics
showing how immensely important it is to the
interests of that section that transportation be
allowed by continuous rail across that river,
and also how small the steamboat interest is
in comparison, and how little the boat interest
suffers from any detention in consequence of
that bridge. The river is blocked with ice four
months in the year, and this impediment alone
furnishes an unanswerable argument in favor
of the bridge, for the additional expense and
delay in the transportation of merchandise
across the river at that season amounts to many
times more than the whole amount of expense
and delay occasioned to the boat navigation
the year through.
I now call for the previous question, and if
it is sustained I promise to give to gentlemen
all the time they may desire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the previous question will be voted down. Let
us see if the people cannot be heard here.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 69, noes 31.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
The question was taken ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes ten; noes not counted.
So, one fifth of a quorum not voting in the
affirmative, tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded accord-
ingly, and the main question ordered.
•The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe I am entitled to
one hour to close the debate before the vote
is taken upon the passage of the bill. I now
yield to my colleague upon the committee,
[Mr. Farquiia.ii.]
Mr., HENDERSON. Before the gentleman
yields l would like to ask him a single question.
Mr. ALLEY. VerywelL
Mr. HENDERSON. Has any legal pro-
ceeding been commenced to have this bridge
takgn down?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, there
has been.
Mr. HENDERSON. My question is, whether
there have been any legal proceedings com-
menced to have this bridge torn down and
removed.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can
answer the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Hen-
derson. J There is a case now pending be-
fore the United States district court of Iowa.
Mr. ALLEY. There was no testimony be-
fore th<5 committee to that effect. It was
alleged that such was the fact, but it was denied
before the committee.
Mr. HOGAN. The difficulty has been to
find out the parties to be sued.
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Farqtjhar.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to call the
attention of the House for a few moments to
the facts connected with this proposition as it
comes before the House to-day and as it
came before the House at the' last session.
This question of legalizing the Clinton bridge
across the Mississippi river and making it a
post route was submitted to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads early after the
commencement of the last session of this Con-
gress, and for six months that committee gave
it their calm and deliberate attention. Time
and again they met and had this question be-
fore them. They examined witnesses in large
numbers, and had all the facts in testimony
before them. After the serious and deliberate
examination which, as an impartial committee,
they should give to the subject, they come in
here and say to the House that they believe,
after hearing all the testimony and all the
facts, that there has been no " material ob-
struction '' to the navigation of the waters of
the great Mississippi by reason of the con-
struction of this bridge.
Now, I undertake to say that that Is the
question and the only question that is submit-
ted to this House by this bill, and I was sur-
prised at the speech made by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] at the last
session, and the speech made to-day by him,
charging that this bridge is an obstruction to
the navigation of the Mississippi.
Sir, the gentlemen from Illinois [Messrs.
Washburne and Harding] and the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hogan,] Representatives
in this House, were repeatedly before the com-
mittee during the last session and were heard
upon this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the gentleman whether we have been heard
before the committee this session or have had
any notice that this measure was pending?
Mr. FARQUHAR. No, sir; and there was
no occasion that those gentlemen should be
heard or notified, because the committee had
agreed at the last session that this bill should
be reported as a separate proposition, inde-
pendent of all other questions connected with
bridging the Mississippi. The chairman of the
committee took it upon himself, when "the
mammoth bill" was before the House, to move
as an amendment this bill substantially; but he
did not move it as a separate and independent
measure, as it comes before the House to-day.
He now presents this measure by instruction of
the committee, made prior to the adjournment
of Congress at the last session, and by the com-
mittee reaffirmed during the present session.
Sir, I ask is it the duty of a committee of this
House to go round and hunt up the distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] and ask him whether they shall report
to this House a measure which the committee
has calmly and deliberately decided to report?
Mr. HARDINGr, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I. wish to ask
the gentleman whether the committee who
reported this bill did not persistently require
of companies that sought legal authority to
build bridges oyer the Mississippi (this bridge
having been built without legal authority) that
there should be a draw of at least one hundred
and sixty feet.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I answer the gentleman
with pleasure. The committee required no such
thing from any bridge company or their friends.
On the contrary, the committee refused to
recommend the passage of that " mammoth
bill." They directed their chairman to report
it to the House without any recommendation
whatever, while, at the same time, having for
six long months examined carefully, deliber-
ately, and impartially the evidence adduced
before them, they did direct him to report this
bill with, a favorable recommendation, because
the evidence was overwhelming that this bridge
was no obstruction to the free navigation of
that river.
Now, sir, I desire to say that the provisions
of the " mammoth bill," which was supported
by my friends from Illinois, [Messrs. Wash-
burne and Harding,] was identical in its pro-
visions with the present bill, except that that
bill required a draw of one hundred and sixty
feet while this has a draw only of one hun-
dred and twenty feet.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
the whole question.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I know it; and to that
point I desire to call the attention of the House.
This proposition declares, first, that the bill is
to be considered a lawful structure and a post
route; second, that no higher charges for
transportation of the mails, troops, and muni-
tions of war of the United States shall be
made for crossing the bridge than the rate per
mile paid for transportation over the roads
leading to said bridge; third, that the draw
shall be promptly opened on reasonable sig-
nal, except when trains are passing over the
same, but in no case shall there be unneces-
sary delay during or after the passage of trains ;
fourth, litigation that may arise from alleged
obstruction to navigation may be tried by the
circuit court of the United States in either
State that the bridge touches; fifth, the right
to alter and amend the act to prevent or re-
move material obstruction to navigation of the
river is expressly reserved to Congress.
Everything that was in that bill, which met
the almost unanimous support of this Congress
at the last session, is embraced in this bill,
except that this bridge is to be legalized and
made a post road with a draw of only one
hundred and twenty feet, while the former bill
required that the bridges hereafter built shall
have adrawof one hundred andsixty feet. The
distinguished gentleman from Illinois asks the
question, " Why do you not require this draw
to be one hundred and sixty feet?" Sir, we
do not require it because the structure is
built. It is there, a monument of the enter-
prise and genius of those men who have sunk
their money deep down in the bed of the Mis-
sissippi that the constituents of the distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois may reap the
benefits of that rivalry which is afforded in car-
rying their products to market either through
the city of Chicago to the city of New York,
or on the " Father of Waters" to the Gulf of
Mexico.
Mr. Speaker, permit me to call attention to
the facts connected with this bridge. I do not
state them merely from personal observation,
but I state them as proved before the commit-
tee. I know the gentleman from Illinois pro-
duced before that committee certificates from
steamboat men, from pilots, from men inter-
ested in the navigation of the Mississippi river
and sworn to by them ; but we had before us
not only men connected with the navigation of
the Mississippi river, but men who had been
brought from other sections of the country,
entirely disinterested pilots, steamboat men,
and raftsmen, who had been called there by
parties interested in the bridge to investigate
