1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February' 11,
placed at the control of the Department for the.
purpose of preventing that.
1 shall not say anything in reference to the
distribution of that fund. The statement of the
heads of the bureaus is sufficient for ine. But
I wish to say a word in answer to the sugges-
tion of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that they, having made the distribution, would
as a matter of course say they had made that
distribution withoutany favoritism. Certainly,
they made the distribution without any political
favoritism toward the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, for, as we all know very well, almost all
those heads of bureaus politically were opposed
to the views of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and they are the persons who made the
distribution; so that political favoritism was
impossible in the mode in which the fund was
distributed. That the fund should have been
distributed with a certain degree of favoritism,
but a just favoritism, on the part of the heads
of bureaus I do not doubt. They were to dis-
tribute this fund by favoringthose who deserved
the favor which the Government held out for
the meritorious labor, responsibility, and work
which they performed. It was distributed in
that way.
Now, Mr. President, I ask, when that in-
ducement has been held out to those men as
the consideration of their staying, as the con-
sideration of their performing this meritorious
work, and has been paid to them for this mer-
itorious work, is that any reason, if Congress
conclude on the whole that all the salaries of
these clcrks are too low by twenty per cent.,
and we make a universal increase of salary to
the amount of twenty per cent., that the sala-
ries of these men shall not be increased for
the future? X see no reason in it at all. If
we increase the salaries of all twenty per cent.,
anil these men are reduced to the twenty per
cent, increase also, where is your pay for their
mpritoriousservices? Whore is the reward of
merit? Where is the just favoritism which
rightfully belongs to thorn for the meritorious
services they perform? It seems to me—I
cannot look at it in any other light—that
if you retain this proviso and reduce these
men to precisely the same footing of all the
rest your pay for their meritorious services is
gone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The-Senator from Cal-
ifornia seems to suppose that I have mani-
fested a great, deal of zeal in reference to this
matter. He is certainly capable of judging,
for he is entirely cool and manifests no inter-
est and no zeal about it at all. His indiffer-
ence enables liim to determine whether any
one else is zealous or not.
I quite agree with what the Senator .from
Kansas said about the first-class clerks. I
think them just as deserving as any other
men in the Departments. Many of them are
performing tho duties which ought to be per-
formed by second and third class clcrks on
their salaries of $1,200, and many of them are
just as competent and performing just as im-
portant duties.
One word also in regard to this question of
favoritism. I see in the official document
which was brought into the Senate by the Sen-
ator from Oregon a statement of the persons
who received a part of this fund placed in the
Secretary of the Treasury's hands to be dis-
tributed; and the Senator from Maine brings
in a certificate of certain gentlemen—I do not
remember all the names of the gentlemen upon
that certificate, but I remember some of them
—in which they say that the fund was properly
distributed, and not according to favoritism at
all. Well, perhaps it was; but who were the
gentlemen that said that? If I remember
rightly 11. W. Taylor was one who said it,
and he receivedout of that fund $375; J. M.
Brodhead said it, and he got a part of it • t!
L. Smith said it, and he got a part of it; e!
B. French said it, and he received a portion ■
John Wilson certified to it, and he got a part;
N. Sargent certified to it, arid he received a
portion ; Edward Jordan certified to the fact,
and he received a part. No doubt ail of them
thought it was very proper legislation-. [Great
laughter in the galleries.]
Mr. SHERMAN. There is but one fact
more which I wish to state, and that is in re-
gard to the report which has been referred to,
and which seems to have misled the astute
Senator from Illinois., He says that Mr. Such-
a-one received $250. That is only for one
quarter. All the heads of bureaus received
$1,000 for the current fiscal year. Two hun-
dred and fifty dollars was paid to them, accord-
ing to the statement before me, for a quarter.
I only wish to say in addition that the heads
of the bureaus having received from one thou-
sand to fifteen hundred dollars they are in the
course of receiving it for this current fiscal
year. Some Senators suppose that this allow-
ance made by the Treasury Department was
for years gone by, and is not for the same
period of time that is covered by the appro-
priation we are now making; but it is. The
first allowance did not extend, if I remember
aright, to the officers of the Department. The
Senator from Maine will recollect whether that
is so. I think the first allowance was for the
clerks, and did not go to the officers who signed
that paper. The second allowance, which was
made last session, went to all the officers,
clerks, and employes of the Treasury Depart-
ment. The effect will be, if this resolution
should pass without this proviso, that in addi-
tion to the $1,000 already given to these heads
of bureaus you will give them $700 more.
That is the only question. It seems to me
that having received no more than I think is
fairly due them, but all they claimed, and all
that the Secretary of the Treasury thought they
ought to have, because he has not distributed
all this money, it is certainly no hardship for
them to wait until all the other clerks and em-
ploy6s have got only a portion of what tliey
themselves have received before they ask any-
thing more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I recollect correctly,
this appropriation of $100,000 to be expended
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was given to him to compensate and to
secure the best service in his Department. I
think I recollect that one of the Senators con-
nected with the Finance Committee stated that
that Department had difficulty in retaining the
services of many of the most valuable clerks;
that being skillful business men their services
were sought for by large enterprises in the
country, such as railroads, banks, and the like ;
and in order to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to retain their services at the time
this fund was placed in his hands. That was
upon a particular ground as I have stated.
Now, this resolution goes upon the proposition
that the salaries of the clerks and other em-
ployes in this city ought to be increased. I
cannot see why the fact that some have re-
ceived a part of that fund, under the exercise of
the discretion of tho Secretary of the Treasury,
should impair their right to a percentage upon
their salary with all the other employes. As
has been stated, if we adopt that idea we sim-
ply take back from them that which it was
thought-good policy to give them a year ago.
I do not know of any Senator more skillful
in debate than the Senator from Illinois ; but
I do not think that skill in debate altogether
compensates for exact fairness and candor in
debate. That Senator and other Senators made
an attack upon the Secretary of the Treasury on
the subject of the distribution of this §100,000.
Upon that subject I have got just this to say:
I do not think any man can distribute a fund
of that kind and not have fault found with him.
Among the three or four thousand clerks in
this city who would get no part of it there
would be almost that number of accusers
against him. But when the charge is com-
pletely met as against the Secretary of the
Treasury, when there is not a clear foot of
logical ground for the Senator to stand upon
in his accusation against the Secretary him-
self, he then turns around upon the gentlemen
who have exonerated tho Secretary from all
responsibility about the matter.
I am in no position requiring me to defend
those gentlemen who have written the letter
which has been read to the Senate. I believe
I ami in political sympathy with scarcely any
of them ; but I have heard that they are able
officers. Was it not striking that with a sneer
the Senatorfrom Illinois should read the name
of Mr. Taylor, the First Comptroller? I
believe Mr. Taylor, the First Comptroller, is
the most radical of all Radicals, so far as I have
heard ; but in the discharge of his duty I have
never heard that lie was not a Just and fair
man. Is it not just for him to have a portion
of this fund? He gets a salary fixed anumber
of years ago : I believe $3,500. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois claim that it was wrong for
him to have a portion of this money that was
to be distributed according to the efficiency of
the employ^ ?
Then what is the purpose of the Senator's
reference to the report? Is it to cast discredit
upon these bureau officers because they re-
ceived a part of the fund, or is it the Senator's
purpose to discredit them as witnesses when
they vindicate so completely the Secretary of
the Treasury from every charge that has been
made against him on this subject? When
there is no ground left to stand upon with
regard to the charge made against the Secre-
tary, then a sneer is to be made against the
Comptrollers and Auditors because of the test-
imony they voluntarily give in favor of the
Secretary and to acquit hitn entirely of a charge
that was groundless and wrong. I never did
in my life against a political opponent desire
to avail myself of that which was not right.
When I see the party with which I am associ-
ated succeed I want it to be upon a ground
that is satisfactory, not only to my judgment,
but to my conscience; and I believe 1 have
never yet in my life made a charge directly or
by insinuation, by sneer, or by any other means
that I did not believe to be true and right.
Now, Mr. President, I suppose it is perfectly
right that the heads of these bureaus shall have
a part of this fund. They have to select among
their clerks who shall receive it. They make
their report to the Secretary and he approves
it. So far as tho heads of' bureaus receiving
any of this fund is concerned of course the
responsibility of that is upon the Secretary.
He had to decidc upon their report so far as
all the clerks of the Department are concerned.
If any of them have not been well treated they
must look to the heads of their bureaus. I was
once connected with a bureau in this city which
had a clerical force of one hundred and eighty,
and I can say that no man can in every respect
do full justice to all the clerks in his bureau; it
is impossible.
Allusion has been made to the fact that first-
class clerks frequently discharge duties that
properly belong to the second and third classes.
That of necessity must be the case, because the
law usually provides a larger number of the
first class than of the third or fourth class.
The work must be done, and the head of the
bureau must assign to the duty whatever force
and labor is at his command, and frequently
he has to employ upon higher labors gentle-
men who are paid only as first-class clerks. It
is a necessity resulting from the organization
of the Departments under the laws of Congress.
Very efficient services are oftentimes found
among the first-class clerks and very good
clerks; I have no doubt about that, and often-
times also clerks that are not very valuable.
I wish we could, in the distribution of this
fund, give it to the industrious and the careful
clerks. If we could thus discriminate I would
be glad to do it. But we cannot. We must
legislate upon some general principle; and I
know of no other mode than to give a percent-
age upon their salaries. Some will receive
money when they do not deserve it. Others,
in my judgment, will not get as much as they
ought to liave. This is the difficulty incident
to the subject itself, and I do not see how we
can avoid it. Oftentimes clerks are forced
upon the Departments by political influence.
Thcv get promotion frequently becaube ol'palit-
