1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
ical influence. It is not for members of Con-
gress to criticise any Secretary or head of a
bureau because of that. The Secretaries and the
heads of bureaus are dependentupon Congress
to a very great extent, and Senators go to them
and demand the promotion of their friends and
the appointment of their friends, men who
have fought their battles at home, and these
Secretaries and heads of bureaus are brought
under congressional influence to a greater ex-
tent than they ought to be. The remedy is not
in the Departments; it is in Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON". You do not mean to in-
clude all Senators ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ho ; I do not mean to
include all Senators. I believe I did get a
couple of clerks appointed last year. They
had just been discharged from the Army. They
were a couple of captains from the State of
Indiana, who were discharged here and did
not happen to have much money on hand. I
got them clerkships, or rather got them sug-
gested for clerkships, but when they were
examined they did not pass the examination;
so I believe I am responsible for none now.
[Laughter.] I wish they had got the appoint-
ments. But I intend to do what I think is just
in this business. I know something of the
ability in these Departments. I have seen
talent in these Departments that could have
carried men to the highest positions in the
States, to the highest business positions, to the
highest political positions, if they had not
buried themselves in the Departments. I see
talent and learning and ability in these Depart-
ments and bureaus ; but when once they get
in there men see no opening and no avenue
if they leave their positions, and they think
they are perfectly helpless and dependent if
they are turned out of office. It is a misfor-
tune to them that that impression should rest
on their minds, for if they had the courage to
break the bands and go out and struggle in the
avenues of life, in all the pursuits that are
opened up to the enterprising and the talented
iu this country, tliey would succeed well enough;
but when they once get into an office hero
they think there is no other place for them to
live on earth. That is their misfortune. But
they do bring talent to the Government of great
service and great value, and I am not going in
any votes I give to be niggardly in compensat-
ing for that service.
Allow me to say in reply to the Senator from
Kansas that upon this question I am not going
to inquire what are the politics of a clerk. I
did not do much of that when I was at the
head of a bureau here with one hundred and
eighty clerks in that bureau. The inquiries I
made were, " Is yourwork up ? Arc you serv-
ing the people? Are titles secured to the
people's lands through your instrumentality? "
It is news to me that there have been some
gentlemen in the Departments so sensitive that
they could not remain there during the last
year. I did not hear of that until the Senator
from Kansas suggested it, that the politics of the
President and of the Secretaries were so objec-
tionable to them that their sensibilities were
entirely overcome and they resigned. [Laugh-
ter.] "My impression is that Barnum could
make money out of just such a man if he could
find him. I have riot heard of any such. My
opinion is, from all the information I have on
the subject, that in the Departments in Wash-
ington there are six men opposed to the Pres-
ident where there is one in his favor to-day;
that in the Department of the Treasury there
are six men opposed to the President where
there is one in his favor. I am not advised as
to the politics of the ladies.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator know
that there is a larger proportion outside ot the
Departments standing about in that relation
to the President? [Laughter in the galleries.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator makes a
remark that delights the gallery, but it is a re-
mark that is not supported by the facts. Last
year when the contest was made before the
people, out of four million voters eighteen
hundred thousand men indorsed the President.
That is not six out of seven, I guess; and with
such a large support in the country I have
thought he ought to have some support iu his
Departments; but he and the Secretaries think
otherwise, and it is for them to decide. I have
no concern about that. No political party ever
was built up in this country, in my judgment,
by the influences that went out from these De-
partments.
I think good manners would require that the
gentlemen in the different Departments should
not avail themselves of their positions, either
by word of mouth or by communications sent
to the newspapers, to abuse and traduce the
President and the Secretary that continues them
in office. I think that is good manners, com-
mon decency, just that sort of common decency
that forbids a man to abuse the person who
entertains him, or the person from whom he
receives a kindness. But if any persons will
render good service in the Department, and at
the same time abuse the Secretary, and the
Secretary can stand it, I am very sure I can;
and that shall not influence my vote. I think
instead of the criticism of the Senator from
Kansas being just the thing is altogether the
other way. These Departments are filled by
men who are opposed to the President and the
Secretaries to a very large extent; and 1 vote
just as cheerfully, knowing that fact, for this
relief as if the fact were otherwise. I do not
make an inquiry about the like ot that. The
question is : ought these men to have an addi-
tional compensation? I think they ought, and
therefore I support it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope at this hour that we
shall proceed to take the vote. It seems to me
that we are well enlightened on this great ques-
tion that we have had before us this evening.
We have some other questions before Congress
besides this question of giving a gratuity to the
clerks in this city. I think Ave understand it,
and I suppose all of us are for it, and I hope
we shall not act niggardly, but act generously.
As it is a mere gratuity, let us give it without
grudging. I should like to have the vote now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to accom-
modate my friend by taking the vote now, but
1 have a few words to say, and I feel bound
to say them. When this fund was given the
last time the Senator from Ohio will veiy well
recollect that we purposely put in the word
"officers'1 in order to include the heads of
bureaus. We came to the conclusion that wo
could not permanently raise their salaries, but
that they ought for that year, and in fact for
the year before, to be paid more; their salaries
ought to be increased ; and for that purpose we
resorted to the word " officers," and put it into
the appropriation.
The Secretary of the Treasury so understood
it, that it was intended that these heads of
bureaus should he included. ri here was a
reason for it. I knew very well that if we did
not do anything we should lose some of the
most valuable officers. Mr. Taylor, who has
been spoken of, had given notice that he would
not stay in the Department. He is one of the
most valuable men connected with the Gov-
ernment. lie saves this Government tens of
thousands of dollars, I have no doubt, every
year. He is a very able man. He would do
honor and credit to this Senate if he were a
member of it. He is a man of great, known,
stern integrity, one of the most valuable men
that I know. Well, sir, I know another head
of a bureau who was offered not long since
§10.000 a year to leave his bureau and go into
a firm of claim agents in this city, and just
give them his name and information and do
nothing. He declined. That is the case with
these men, sir; and it will not be a very severe
business if they should get for this year a sum
up to $4,500 or even §5,000. I have no mis-
givings about it, and I think they ought to
have it.
Asto the amounts that were allowed to these
gentlemen themselves, 1 presume they did not
fix that; that was fixed by the Secretary. I
do not think it was fixed any too high. I think
it a little hard that men of their known posi-
tions, many of them our friends, known radi-
cals of the sternest sort, who never have com-
promised their opinions in the slightest possible
degree, should be sneered at as if their opinions
and statements could be bought for a few
hundred dollars. I have not that opinion of
any hardly of the Republicans that I know,
and I do not believe it even of the Democrats
in the Departments.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Illinois gave the Senate several examples of
heads of bureaus who had voted to themselves
certain sums of this contingent fund, as he
expressed it, and said no doubt each of those
gentlemen thought that that money was well
appropriated. The honorable Senator from
Maine says, I have no doubt truly, that this
money was not voted by those gentlemen to
themselves, but it was given them by the order
of the Secretary of the Treasury. But if it
had been in the line named by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, I could give him some
other instances of the same character. There
are ccrtain officers of the Government who,
some months since, received $8,000 compen-
sation a year; tliey voted to themselves $5,000.
Among the gentlemen that gave that vote was
the honorable Senator from Illinois and my-
self, [laughter,] and I suppose wo both thought
that the money was well voted, and that we
were entitled to it when we received it. I
thought so at-loast. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to strike out the last
proviso in the joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—ayes '2i, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Connoss, Davis,
Doolittlc, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill. Nor-
ton, Patterson, Poland, Boss, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Wnde, Willey, Wilson, snd Xates—24.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buckalcw, Chandler, Fopcg. Har-
ris, Henderson, Howaxd, Pomcioy, Sherman, Trum-
bull. and Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
wcll. Dixon. Edmunds. Frelinghuysen,Grimes,Guth-
rie, Howc.Kii-kwood, Nosmith, Nyo, ltamsey, lUddlo,
Saulsbury, Spraguc, and Stewart—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I now move to amend the reso-
lution in line eighteen, by inserting after the
word "meters" the words "and also to the
laborers and employ6s of the Washington navy- '
yard."
Mr. RAMSEY. Would you not put m the
arsenal ?
Mr. WADE. That will follow as a matter
of course if this shall be adopted.
Mr. President, early in the evening, when the
amendment in regard to the arsenal was under
consideration I said about all I wished to say
on this subject; but I confess now, with all
the light we have had by the debates that have
been had, I am not able to see why the class of
laborers for whom I am now advocating an in-
crease of pay are not as worthy as any others
that you have provided for. I hardly see upon
what principle it is that we can select out a cer-
tain number of laborers whose labor is not half
as onerous and repulsive, if 1 may so express
myself, as the labor of those the increase of
whose wages I now stand hero to advocate. I
say that the hard-hand day-laborer is just as
worthy of having his wages enhanced as any
man that employs himself in any other way.
It is very true that his habits of life are_very-
different from those who receive these higher
salaries, and he can make himself comfortable
on a very small portion of what they will ex-
pend to make them equally so but I cannot
understand why we should entirely overlook
their condition and grant these favors to those
who have the most, unless you are really pro-
ceeding upon what is sometimes called the scrip-
tural rule : '' For he that hath, to him shall be
given: and lie that hath not, from him shall be
taken even that which he liatli." I say, again,
there is no reason in this limitation. _
We have been told that the committee have
agreed that thev would restrict this increase to
