1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
all about this matter, will give me the reasons
for it, I shall most cheerfully still vote for it,
notwithstanding his opposition to the other.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have an estimate for
every dollar.
Mr. HENDERSON. That mere statement
is unsatisfactory. I hold in my hand the docu-
ment in which the estimates are contained on
which this bill is founded, and I find but one
harbor in Massachusetts recommended for im-
provement, and that is the harbor of Province-
town. Is this the same? i
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir. I beg to assure
the Senator that every item here has been esti-
mated for most carefully by the proper Depart-
ment, and these are appropriations necessary
to save the harbor from deterioration, I may
say, in one word, to save the harbor. "With-
out these appropriations there will be, by the j
gradual and continual abrasion of the earth
from these islands, a filling up of the harbor,
which will interfere with its usefulness, and
unless arrested completely destroy it. I will
not, however, take time. I presume my friend
is hardly in earnest. Even if I have voted j
against his proposition I trust he will not return !
upon me by voting against a proposition which 1
is so essentially good as this, and after his .
magnanimous speech, too. I appeal to his
magnanimity.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist upon knowing
in what document this recommendation ap-
pears. I have the only recommendation that
the Secretary of War has made, Executive
Document No. 56 of the House of Representa-
tives, and I cannot find one dollar recom-
mended for this harbor. I should like to know
in what document I can find it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have just sent the
clerk of the committee to the committee room
for the document. While he is gone for it I
will move to lay aside the bill informally and
take up House bill No. 1166. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to delay
the time of the Senate in order to defeat this
appropriation. I ask the Senator from Michi-
gan whether the recommendation for this im-
provement is in manuscript? I do not find it
in the document which he placed in my hands.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are three printed
documents, and it is in one of them. I have
not the particular one before me. I have sent
the 61erk for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no hostility to
Boston harbor, and it will give me a great deal
of pleasure to vote this or a larger sum if it
has been recommended by the proper Depart-
ment. I am perfectly willing to take the Sen-
ator's statement, and I therefore withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill by adding the following as an additional
section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of War
is authorized, whenever in his discretion the public
service shall require it, to suspend and withhold tho
whole or any part of any expenditure directed or
authorized by this act; and ho shall report to tho
next succeeding session of Congress his reasons for
such suspension.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that amend-
ment ought not to be adopted. I think we
have sufficient checks and guards already. I
hope it will be voted down.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope for the sake of
the public Treasury it will not be voted down,
with all respect for my friend from Michigan.
This amendment merely provides that the Sec-
retary of War to whom these four or five mil-
lion dollars are intrusted, shall have power, if
in a special case there shall appear to be spe-
cial reasons for it, to suspend the expenditure
of the money and report his special reasons to
Congress at its next session thereafter. It
does seem to me, that in making these numer-
ous appropriations, so many as there are, and
involving so much money, the public interest
that there should be this power of reserve in
the expending Department, for special reasons
not to carry out some particular appropriation
until the matter can again bo reported to Con-
gress. We have required more than that in
the case of the Des Moines rapids. I think it
a highly conservative and proper provision to
make as to the whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose that the Presi-
dent of the United States himself could,
without any particular authority, suspend the
expenditure of these appropriations, if he be-
came satisfied that the state of the Treasury
would not allow it, or that they would not
accomplish the purpose; but if we are to insert
a provision, which I believe has never been
inserted in any prior appropriation bill, of this
description, I submit to the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont that the discretion ought to
be with the Secretary of the Treasury instead
of with the Secretary of War.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Mary-
land misapprehends the scope of the amend-
ment. It does not relate to the state of the
Treasury, but it relates to the state of reex-
aminations as work goes on upon these numer-
ous public works that are in charge of the War
Department. If it shall appear to the War
Department that some specific appropriation
cannot be economically expended at this time,
if there be special reasons for that, I propose
that the Secretary of War may suspend that
work and report his reasons to us. It relates
to the work and not to where the money is to
come from.
Mr. MORGAN. It will be seen by looking
at the first section of the bill that all the money
appropriated is to be expended "under the
direction and superintendence of the Secretary
of War." I think it is perfectly safe asitis, and
I hope this amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to strike out
from line one hundred and thirty to line one
hundred and thirty-seven, inclusive, of the first
section of the bill.
The Secretary read the part proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
For tho purpose of improving the navigation of
the St. Croix river, Maine, above the ledge, $15,000:
Provided, The Province of NcwBrunswickshall con-
tribute and pay to the proper disbursing officer alike
sum for said purpose; said payment being made on
condition that in no event shall the Province of New
Brunswick be called upon for more than half the sum
actually expended for said purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. My friend from Maine,
[Mr. Morrili,,] in arguing against the appro-
priation for the Mississippi river, said that it
had not been recommended by the Secretary of
War, and that it was a very loose practice to
enter upon these appropriations except in ac-
cordance with the recommendations of the
proper officers. I have in my hands the report
of the Secretary of War, and I can find no
recommendation upon this subject. There is
an appropriation recommended for the Saco
river of $40,000, and that is contained in the
bill; but I can find no recommendation for
this purpose. Inasmuch as the money is to be
expended above the ledge somewhere, I cannot
understand but that there is some difficulty in
getting over the ledge up into this portion of
the river that is proposed to be navigated. I
should like to hear from my friend from Maine
on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. If I could placate my hon-
orable friend by any means in my power I
should be very glad. If it would be any grat-
ification to the honorable Senator, I should not
much object to forego this $15,000. But my
recollection is that he will find this estimated
for in one of the documents to which the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce referred, and which will be here, I trust,
in time to enable us to act on this bill some time
during the evening. Very possibly after the
honorable Senator here had time to reflect on
the subject he would be satisfied with the
statement of the chairman, and withdraw his
amendment. I suppose he intends to admon-
ish me against the unfitness and impropriety
of resisting the appropriation for the Missis-
sippi river, that magnificent river, the Father
of Waters, where the men grow so magnificent
and do not care for dollars. [Laughter.] I
assure my honorable friend that in all 1 said
to-day I did not intend to reflect at all upon
the great Father of Waters, nor did I intend
to reflect upon the great enterprise. I believe
I said that I commended it, and I believe I
said everything that could be said in favor
of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I desire to present to the Sen-
ator from Missouri the paper which I have sent
for 
Mr. HENDERSON, (after examining it.)
This paper is about Boston harbor, not the
question we are now considering.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will send to the com-
mittee room now for the other paper.
Mr. HENDERSON. Have you one on the
subject of the St. Croix river?
Mr. CHANDLER. I expect so. I have
sent for all the papers and they will be here
presently. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator who has
this bill in charge is very anxious to take a
vote. He does not wish it postponed much
longer. Iliad an idea of attacking the appro-
priations for the benefit of Michigan. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw my
request for a vote to enable the Senator to do
so. [Laughter.3
Mr. HENDERSON. There are very large
appropriations for rivers and harbors in that
State, as I stated this morning, and I had some
idea of moving to strike out various items in
these appropriations. I suppose, however, I
must be satisfied with the efforts of the Senator
from Vermontin that direction, who succeeded
in getting one of them out of the bill. The
others, I presume, must be allowed to remain.
In reference to this St. Croix river appro-
priation, I stated that I was not aware of any
recommendation for it, but still it is in the bill.
I am perfectly willing to vote for it, though the
committee who report it proposed to strike out
the appropriation for the Mississippi river,
which I thought a very important one, and one
that ought to have been made, and one that
will be required before we get such an improve-
ment there as is required by the commerce of
the western country—that is, a canal around
the rapids. There is no other way of improv-
ing them. The idea that the appropriation
made this evening will be sufficient, even to
commence the work, is to suppose too much.
Idoubtwhethertheappropriation ofthe amount
agreed upon will be used at all, or whether one
dollar of it ought to be used. I suppose the
Secretary of War, under the discretionary power
that he has, will not perhaps use a dollar of it
under the circumstances, in making such an
improvement as is requisite there, and that is
a canal. The work ought to be done in that
way, or else not done at all, in my judgment,
and I say so from what I have long heard said
by experienced steamboat men and engineers
who have examined it; and the locality is close
to where I live. 1 am satisfied that nothing
else but a canal will do.
I have no prejudice against these appropria-
tions ; and if they are necessary, I am satisfied
that there is no part of the country which will
receive them more gratefully and more willingly
than the State of Maine.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
912) making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1868; and that it had also agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 904) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government forthe year ending JuneoO, 1868,
and for other purposes.
