1160
TH! 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
the city of Washington. Now, sir, what kind
of a principle is that? Does it not cost as much
for a man to support himself and his family and
to educate his children at the navy-yard down
here as it does in the city of Washington? If
it does not, there is a reason why you should
make the distinction'; but unless it can be shown
that there is that difference, there is no distinc-
tion in principle, and you ought to award this
small pittance to these persons as well as to
those for whom you have already provided. I
hope it will be done.
Mr. WILSON. Be brief. Let us have a
vote; it is late.
Mr. WADE. I know it is late, and I know
how impatient some gentlemen are when I stand
forth here as the advocate of those not very well
calculated to advocate their own claims. When
Senators were advocating the claims of those
who receive four or five thousand dollars a year,
that was all very well; you could sit very pa-
tiently under their preaching just as long as
they pleased to talk; but the moment a man
gets up liere and demands justice for those who
receive butvery little consideration at all events,
we are called to a halt at once; the time seems
very heavy on our hands.
Now, Mr. President, I know that the com-
mittee who prepared this resolution have said
that it was not the principle on which they
graduated it to extend its benefits to this class
of eraploy6s; but they have entirely failed to
inform us why they did not embrace them as
well as anybody else. I hope we shall do it.
I am in earnest about it, because I feel that
they have been overlooked. They are a mer-
itorious class of people ; their condition is hard
at the best, and the small pittance that they
will get under my amendment, as I said before,
will go a great way with them and will cost
tho Government but very little. I hope the
amendment will bo adopted.
Mr. WJ LSON. Mr. President, I am sorry
if ( have in any way offended the Senator from
Ohio. 1 have been very anxious for the last
hour and a half to come to votes on these ques-
tions, and I am ready to vote with the Senator
most heartily. But it is now after ten o'clock
at night; we are exhausting ourselves here,
and arc unfitting ourselves for the labors of
to-morrow. We have a great amount of labor
lodo between now and the 4th of March; and
1 only suggested to the Senator to 1)0 brief,
because there are several amendments to be
offered, and I hope we shall get the votes on
them to-night. I voted with the Senator to in-
clude the arsenal. 1 am now ready to vote with
him to include the navy-yard. All I want is to
get a vote. I think the Senator was a little un-
kind and a little unjust; but I know his earnest
way, and f have no feeling about it.
Mr. WADE. J have no unkind feelings toward
thegentleman, nor did I suppose I spoke harshly
of him ; but I thought it a little extraordinary,
after the Senator hud been so patient under
the long speeches that have been made, that
the moment I rose in behalf of these poor
people I should be called to a halt.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think if these incidental
side issues were omitted, and tho discussion
confined to the questions bef<3re the Senate,
very much time would be saved. I simply
make that suggestion. 1 think I can give the
Senate some information on this subject; other-
wise I should not trespass upon its time.
- a°t °f July 1S52. tho wages of tho employes
m the iiavy-5'ards are to conform, as nearly as con-
sistent, with those of private yards in the immediato
vicinity ot the respective yards. Under this law
boards nave been appointed at intervals of two
mouths to ascertain the rates of wages paid by private
e^tablishmeuts near the yards. By the rates so ascer-
tained .tne wages of the several classes of workmen
in the yards have been regulated. Through this
l.)\v tho rates of wa#es m the yards have changed or
varied to suit those paid outside. They have advanced
with the advance ot labor in similar departments of
ivato establishments, lhc mechanics have boon
vigilant to see that justice was meted to them under
tho law, and are always ready to demand it if not
dono."
_ Now, air, I have a table here exhibiting the
risejn the wages of these persons employed in
the Washington navy-yard for a period of six
years; and I will give a few specimens to show-
that great injustice has not been done to these
workmen and laborers in the navy-yard. Take,
for instance, the carpenters. In 1860 they re-
ceived from one dollar and eighty cents to tyo
dollars and twenty-five cents per day; in 18G1
from two dollars to two dollars and fifty cents ;
in 1802 from one dollar and seventy-five cents
to two dollars and fifty cents; in 1863 from
two dollars to two dollars and seventy-five
cents; in 1864 from two dollars and fifty cents
to three dollars; in 1865 from three dollars
and twenty-five cents to three dollars and fifty
cents; in 1866 from three dollars and twenty-
five cents to three dollars and fifty cents ; so
that their wages have greatly increased as
prices have advanced. And so with the smiths,
the joiners, the painters, the machinists, the
boiler-makers, the iron-founders, the bricklay-
ers, and the laborers; their wages have doubled
since 1860.
There is a reason, notwithstanding what the
Senator from Ohio says, why these persons
should not be embraced within the provisions
of this resolution, and the reason is given in
the paper which I have read. There are per-
sons appointed to ascertain if their wages are
as high as the wages paid to workmen engaged
in private establishments, and if they are found
not to be so high, those who have the super-
intendence of the yard have the power to raise
their wages, and they have raised their wages
as circumstances have required. If the work-
men and laborers in the navy-yard are to be
included, then those in the arsenal, those in the
Government Printing Office, and those on the
Treasury and Capitol extensions must also be
included. According to the computation which
I have made—of course I cannot be exactly
correct—this amendment, if it is carried to its
legitimate results, will increase the appropri-
ation made by this resolution nearly half a
million dollars simply to add twenty per cent,
to the wages of the workmen, laborers, and
employfis about the city of Washington. There
are twelve hundred men employed in the navy-
yard ; hundreds are employed in the arsenal ;
hundreds upon the Capitol and Treasury ex-
tensions ; five or six hundred are employed in
the Government Printing Office; and it is very
easy to see that this sum would accumulate with
great rapidity.
The main reason why they should not be
included is that these persons are employed by
the Government as they are employed by other
persons. Their wages are fixed by those who
employ them ; and they can be raised whenever
the circumstances require it. They are paid
the highest wages that are paid to similar work-
men anywhere, and the Government is more
punctual than any private person in the payment
of its debts to them. There is no particular
reason why the}- should be paid this twenty per
cent, and their wages thus advanced over those
of persons engaged in similar employment in
private establishments. Although this resolu-
tion does in some cases unavoidably embrace
persons whose salaries are not fixed by law,
yet the theory upon which it proceeds is that
the compensation of the employes in the differ-
ent Departments has been fixed by law and
therefore cannot be changed so as to accom-
modate the salaries to the change in circum-
stances and expenses, and for that reason this
twenty per cent, is proposed to be paid upon
upon their salaries.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being, on a division—ayes 10,
noes 21.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in the eighteenth line
after the word "meters" the words "the
lieutenants, sergeants, and privates of the
Metropolitan police ;" and I desire to say a
word in reference to this amendment.
Mr. WILLIxVMS. If the honorable Senator
will allow me to make an explanation, I think
I can save time by so doing.
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say that the
Metropolitan police were originally included
in this resolution, and the words were taken
out at their solicitation, because they proposed
to have a separate law passed organizing the
Metropolitan police, and a delegate, as be
represented himself to me, from the Metro-
politan policc, one of the officers, came to me
and requested that the words be stricken out
of the resolution, and in accordance with that
request they have been omitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state further
that in a bill that we passed last week we
added fifty per cent, to the remuneration of
the Metropolitan police on their present pay,
to be levied by the authorities of the District.
They are taken care of, and have all that they
fliSkcd
Mr. POLAND. What the Senator from
Oregon and the Senator from Maine say is all
very well as far as it goes. Who it was that
represented the Metropolitan police to the Sen-
ator from Oregon I do not know. I move this
amendment at the solicitation and upon the
.representations made to me by several mem-
bers of the Metropolitan police. I have made
some examination in reference to the increase
of. their pay, and am prepared to state how
that matter is, and to show whether it isproper
and necessary that this twenty per cent, should
be added to their pay or not.
Prior to the last session of Congress the
pay of the members of the Metropolitan po-
lice was sixty dollars a month, and in addition
to that they were provided with two suits of
police uniform in each year. During the last
session of Copgress it was provided that fifty
per cent, should be added to the pay of the
members of tho Metropolitan police ; but by
the same bill they were deprived of these two
suits at the expense of the Government, the
result of which was that that act made, in point
of fact, but very little addition to the pay they
had previously received. It was further pro-
vided by the bill that' was passed at the last
session granting them this fifty per cent., which
raised their pay to ninety dollars a month, that
the additional thirty dollars a month should
be paid by a tax upon the District, upon the
cities of Washington and Georgetown. The
amount of their pay out of the Treasury of
the United States was not increased at all.
Last week we passed another bill making
precisely the same provision for the present
year, raising their pay to ninety dollars a month,
and providing that the additional thirty dollars
a month should be paid by the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. The amount'of their
pay from the national Government has not been
increased at all, and the increase of thirty dol-
lars a month takes the place of the two suits
of police uniform that they previously received.
Their pay, then, is ninety dollars a month.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. POLAND. One word more, sir, and I
shall not detain the Senator from Massachu-
setts or anybody else by making a long speech.
These men work double the number of hours
that the lowest class of clerks in the Depart-
ments do, who receive $1,200. The amount
that they are paid is less than that of the lowest
class of clerks in any of the Departments.
They work in the cold and in the heat, in the
summer and in the winter, in fair weather and
in stormy weather, and certainly they deserve
quite as much compensation as the lowest class
of clerks in any of the Departments, and the
additional payment that has been made to them
does not make them up by a considerable sum
to that amount. It seems to me but just that
they should receive it.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; there being on a division—ayes 11,
noes 16.
Mr. YATES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after (he,word "meters" in
the eighteenth line the words "the employes
of the Senate and House of Representatives."
I have offered this amendment because I can-
not see the reason or the propriety of the dis-
crimination against this class of laborers and
clerks; I mean the employes of the Senate and
House of Representatives.
