1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
February 25,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Tlie message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolutions; which
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 900) to fix the compensa-
tion of the officers of the revenue-cutter ser-
vice, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 252) to permit
Captain John A. Webster, jr., of the steamer
Mahoning, to receive from the Government of
Great Britain a gold chronometer; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 275) to extend
the time for the use of certain vessels for quar-
antine purposes at the port of New York.
GOODS FROM BRITISH PROVINCES.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (S.
No. 022) to repeal the provisions of law author-
izing the introduction of foreign goods into the
United States without inspection at the usual
ports of entry, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to repeal sections two, three, and
four of the act to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes, approved June 27, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have it
explained precisely what these sections are
that we are repealing by this bill. I do not
know what we are repealing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am charged by the
chairman of the committee with the duty of
explaining this bill. By an act passed in 1864
it was provided that in certain cases goods
brought into the northern boundary of the
country from the British Provinces might be
loaded in cars, sealed in the British Provinces,
and carried through into the interior of our
country to almost any place without inspec-
tion until they arrived at their final destina-
tion. That has been in practice now for two
years and a half, and it has been found that
constantly enormous frauds are being perpe-
trated under it, and that it does not answer the
objects the law had in view. Experience has
proved that the protection of the revenue and
the interests of the country require that that
should be stopped and that there should be
an inspection at the border of th« country.
The Treasury Department recommend most
strongly that this section be repealed. Living
on the border myself, and having had means
of observation, I entirely agree to that con-
clusion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
BUILDING LIGHT-HOUSES.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (H.
R. No. 11CC) to authorize the building of
light-houses therein mentioned, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The Committee on Commerce proposed sev-
eral amendments. The first was after " Mich-
igan" in line seven to insert "at a cost not
exceeding $10,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For building a light-house on a proper site at
Trowbridge Point, in Thunder bay, in the State of
Michigan, at a cost not exceeding $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
" Michigan " in line ten the words " at a cost
not exceeding $14,000;" so as to make the
clause read :
For building a light-house on a proper site atMen-
dota, on Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan at
a cost not exceeding $14,000. * '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "California"
inline thirteen to insert "at a cost not ex-
ceeding $10,000;" so as to make the clause
read :
For building a light-house onapropersiteat Santa
Cruz, in the State of California, at a coat not exceed-
iBg $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
fifteen and sixteeen. in these words:
For building a lisrht-house on a proper sito at or
near Braddock's Point, Georgia.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I was charged by the com-
mittee with the duty of investigating the pro-
priety of some of these items which in the hurry
of the moment we reported should be struck
out, and on investigation I am satisfied that the
light at Braddock's Point is one that we ought
j properly at this time to appropriate for. It is
| at the south end of Tybee Island and makes a
part of the northern entrance to Savannah. I
j think it ought to stand, but we ought to add
I according to the estimates of the Light-House
j Board a limitation on the cost. I move, there-
j fore, to amend the clause proposed to be stricken
i out by adding to it these words, "at a cost not
' exceeding $15,000;" and if amended in that
| way I hope the amendment recommended by
i the committee will not be agreed to, so that this
! clause will stand.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Prior to
i taking the question on striking out the words
which have been read, the Senator from Ver-
mont moves to perfect the words proposed to
be stricken out by inserting after line sixteen
the words " at a cost not exceeding $15,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the words amended.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
seventeen and eighteen, in these words:
For building a light-house on a proporsiteto mark
Combahee bank, Georgia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
the committee why they recommended the strik-
ing out of that appropriation. I suppose it
was inserted at the instance of some of the
Departments or bureaus, the Light-House
Board probably, as a place where alight-house
ought to be erected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One of the reasons for
this was that the committee with all the indus-
try several of its members were capable of ex-
ercising had not a sufficient knowledge of geo-
graphy, and could not acquire it by the maps
and light-house charts, to find out where that
particular place is; and on looking at the map
of the coast of Georgia only a hundred miles
or so, we thought for the present, for this year,
the commerce of that region could get along
with the appropriations we had recommended,
with the reservation I have made as to Brad-
dock's Point, which we thought needed a fur-
ther investigation, and which on investigation,
I think, ought to be appropriated for. That
was the reason, the only one we had, and I
think it ought to be satisfactory to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty after
"Georgia" to add "at a cost not exceeding
$15,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For building a light-house to mark Tybee Island
Knoll, Georgia, at a cost not exceeding $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "Carolina"
in line twenty-two to insert "at a cost not ex-
ceeding $15,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
_ F or building range lights on Morris Island, as guides
in crossing Charleston bar. South Carolina, at a cost
not exceeding $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "Virginia"
in line twenty-five to insert "at a cost not ex-
ceeding $16,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For rebuilding the light-house on a proper site at
Deepwater shoals in James river, Virginia, at a cost
not exceeding $16,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after " Georgia"
in line twenty-eight to insert "at a cost not
exceeding $45,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For rebuilding light-houso tower and keeper's
dwelling on a proper site at Saint Simon's, Georgia,
at a cost not exceeding $45,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following words from line thirty to line thirty-
four:
For rebuilding Wolf Island beacon lights, and
buildings connected therewith, Geoigia.
For rebuilding Sapelo Island light-house and
beacons, Georgia.
For building three light-house and buoy steam-
tenders.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of
section three, to strike out the word "respon-
sible" before "bidder;" so as to make the
section read:
Sue. 3. And be it further enarted. That no contract
shall be made except after public advertisement for
proposals in such form and manner as to secure
general notico thereof, and the same shall only be
made with the lowest bidder therelor, upon security
deemed sufficient in the judgment of the Secretary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion four, in these words:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and em-
powered to regulate and fix the salaries of the re-
spective light-houses insuch manneras he shalldeem
just and proper: Provided, That tho whole sum
allowed shall not exceed an average of $600 to each
keeper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The apparent recom-
mendation of the committee to strike out that
particular section is a mistake. On reconsid-
eration the committee think it is best to allow
the section to stand. The law already gives
this same discretion to the Secretary, and it has
since 1828; and this section merely increases
the compensation of light-house keepers by
$100 a year; and the committee thought, from
their investigations and knowledge of the ser-
vices of that class of public servants, and the
fact that they are obliged to stay in their places
and have no opportunity to attend political
conventions or do anything else than mind
their own business, they were entirely deserv-
ing of this little increase; and the conclusion
of the committee finally was to let that stand.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will not be
adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee have
instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 2, after line fourteen
of section one:
V
For rebuilding a light-house on Pigeon river or
vicinity. Lake Superior, Minnesota, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
PORT Of ALBANY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up now
for consideration Senate bill No. 609.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 609) allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into the port at Albany to
be secured and paid at that place was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Albany, in the collection district of New
York, is declared to be a port of delivery within
that district; and there is to be appointed a sur-
veyor of customs, to reside at that port, who
shall, in addition to the customary duties per-
formed by that officer in o-ther places, perform
the duties prescribed in an act entitled " An act
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati,
Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez,
to be secured and paid at those places," ap-
proved March 2, 1831. The surveyor, before
takingthe oath of office, is to give security to the
United States for the faithful performance of
his duties in the sum of $10,000, and is to re-
ceive, in addition to the customary fees and
emoluments of his office, an annual salary of
$600.
The same privileges granted to the ports of
delivery mentioned in the first section of the
act of March 2, 1831, and the restrictions cre-
I ated by that act are extended aDd made appli-
