THS 0DJTGKBSSIOFAL GLOBE.
January 10,
•tioTi to the navigation of the Mississippi, they
-rush here and-ask as to do, what? Motto-leave
the bridge in its present status, with its char-
acter to-fee determined by the courts, but they
cdme here and ask us to legalise-their illegal
: aetfthat is what they do." Now,'Iask the Bep-
: resetitativcs of the people if they are prepared
: to" do this ? Why did not the committee bring
in'a report stettmg forth ail the-facts?
Mr. FARQUHAR. They have a report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there is
any sueh report, why has it not been read ? No
report has been read here, and we havenothing
before us but the statements of gentlemen.
Now I. have the sworn testimony of sixteen
witnesses, whose testimony cannot be refated,
that this bridge is a great obstruction to the
•navigation of the Mississippi river. I ask the
House if they have no regard for the interests
■of the people ? Do gentlemen know what this
bill really means ? Do they know the hostility
and power of these railroad corporations in
reference to every means of transportation
except such as they themselves control ? They
want to close up the Mississippi in order to drive
everything to go over their roads, and rrot per-
mit us to have any outlets for our products
except over their roads.
Now, this very corporation for the benefit
of which we are asked to legislate, this very
Northwestern. Railroad Company, is charging
my constituents from twenty to thirty cents per
bushel for carrying their corn to our nearest
market by railroad, the market of Chicago.
And yet the corporation comes here and de-
mands of us to legislate for its particular benefit,
while our suffering constituents have no voice
iti the matter and cannot he heard here. Let
the people have a chance to be heard.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] must have known thast I was deceived
in regard to this thing; he must have known
that I had a right to presume that this was
a matter foreclosed by the action of the last
Congress; he must have known that my con-
stituents and the people of the Northwest
■ would want to be heard if this matter should
come up again. How is it in Massachusetts,
and even in Indiana? Do you not there give
the people an opportunity to be heard upon all
such questions as this? When the Legislature
of Indiana proposes to obstruct the navigation
of any stream in the State do they not give
the people a hearing? How is it in the State
of Massachusetts? There you have in the
Legislature a committee on corporations and
bridges. Does the Massachusetts Legislature
take up and pass upon a matter in the interest
of a few men who want to be corporators with-
out allowing the people to be heard? No, sir,
they never did any such thing. Massachu-
setts legislates honorably, understandingly, and
justly. I would like to see the committee of
the Massachusetts Legislature that would un-
dertake to get a bill through as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] is trying to
•get this through here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] having justified himself to
his constituents, which 1 suppose was all he
desired or intended to do, I shall not occupy
the attention of the House many minutes, and
will then give way to other gentlemen who
desire to occupy the rest of my time. Now,
in regard to the flourish of the gentleman about
some testimony he holds in his hand, a page
or two of the statements of pilots, steamboat-
owners, and others who are directly inter-
ested 
Mr. WASH'BURNE, of Illinois. How in-
terested ?
Mr. ALLEY.. I would say that he refers to
that as all the testimony as if by implication
the committee, some how or other, had sup-
fressed the remainder of the testimony. Now,
hold in my hand ten times as much testi-
mony, sworn testimony also, from interested
and disinterested parties, which testimony is
of a character directly opposed to that which
the gentleman from Illinois has presented; and
if it is desired that the whole shall be read I
certainly shall have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
it be read, and I ask that the additional testi-
mony given by my colleague and-myself before
that committee be also read,
Mr. ALLEY. The House, I am sum, after
hearing the testimony read, would come to the
conclusion, as the committee did, that no
Stronger case was ever made out. The com-
mittee unanimously came to the conclusion,
as I have already stated, that if any bridge
under any circumstances was to be built, this
was a bridge eminently worthy of the protec-
tion of the Congress of the United States.
With -these remarks I will yield five miautes
to my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Far-
<5 chad,.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
Clerk to read what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sac. 6. And be it further enacted, &c.. That the
bridgesacross the Ohio river at Wheeling, in the State
of Virginia, and at Bridgeport, in the State of Ohio,
abutting on Zane's Island in said river, aro hereby
declared to be lawful structures in their present posi-
tion and elevation, and shall bes© held and taken to
he, anything in any law or laws of the United States
to the contrary notwithstanding.
''Seo. 1. And be it further enacted, Hhut the said
bridges are declared to be and aro established post
roads for the passage of the mails of the United
States, and that tho Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
Company are authorized to have and maintain their
sa-id bridges at their present site and elevation, and
tho officers and crews of all vessels and boats navi-
gating said river aro required to regulate the use of
their said vessels and boats, and of any pipes or
chimneys belonging thereto, so as not to interfere
with the elevation and construction of said bridges."
[ United States Statutes-at-Large, vol. 10, p. 112.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Mr. Speaker, I present
that to the consideration of the House as the
final result of the controversy arising out of the
great Wheeling bridge case, to which I call the
attention of my distinguished friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] I ask the House whether
this bridge eompany or its representatives are
not asking but a comparatively small privilege
when tho great body of the people authorized
the legislation read for that bridge at Wheel-
ing, after that long controversy, not only le-
galizing it as a post road, but declaring that its
height, its length, and its breadth should all be
legalized, while in this ease there is reserved
to the Congress of the United States the power
to remove this bridge whenever it may be found
to be a "material obstruction to the naviga-
tion of the river?"
Now, sir, there runs out from the city^ of
Chicago to the city of Rock Island, just sixty
miles south of the Clinton bridge, a railroad.
There runs from the city of Chieago, just forty
miles above -this bridge, at Dubuque, another
railroad, near the end of which resides my
distinguished friend from Illinois; thus there
are three railroads passing over that magnifi-
cent prairie, coming somewhat in competition
with eaeh other. Yet the gentleman tells us
that he is in favor of breaking down monop-
olies, while at the same time he is urging that
we shall take away from the people of that
portion of Iowa and that portion of Illinois
one of these rival lines of transportation by
tearing down this magnificent bridge and de-
stroying that great thoroughfare.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
my proposition ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. The gentleman's prop-
osition is, that the bridge shall be lengthened
in its span; and to do that it must be torn
down to its foundation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it con-
form to the requirements applied to every other
bridge.
Mr. E'ARQUHAR. Well, this is a singular
proposition: that we shall do away with com-
petition to increase the price of products.
When you creatfe competition in transporta-
tion you reduce its price, and thereby increase
tho price of products. Let me say that this
great Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
Company may be a monopoly; I know noth-
ing about that; but I do know that it has, by
its energy arid capital, reached out its arms
-over twelve hundred miles of that great north-
western country, opening up facilities by which
the products gathered from all parts of that
country may be carried to the markets for
which they are destined.
That railroad now reaches four hundred and
ninety eight miles, from the city of Chicago to
the city of Council Bluffs, upon the great Mis-
souri river. The great Pacific railroad has now
reached three hundred miles further up the
valley of the Platte, and is looking toward the
Rociy mountains, which it will reach during
the coming year. Yet the distinguished gen-
tleman from Illinois, the representative of the
people of the West, comes here and asks this
Congress to tear down this bridge which is to
carry over it the great trade which not only
comes from the valley between the Mississippi
river and the Rocky mountains, but from the
far Pacific coast—ay, from that celestial em-
pire which is to contribute countless millions
of passengers and tons of freight over this
magnificent bridge which the gentleman pro-
poses to tear down because this corporation is,
in his excited im agination, a " great monopoly.''
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has promised to yield to me.
Mr. ALLEY. My distinguished friend from
Ohio wants just one minute, and I cannot refuse
so modest a request.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, with due
thanks to my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] for his courtesy in allowing me one
minute of his time, I will endeavor to confine
myself within that limit. This I can the easier
do because I have no speech to make on either
side of this question. But some gentlemen
around me find it difficult to comprehend why
a bill affecting the use or continuance of a
bridge should give occasion to so much excited
feeling and fierce discussion; and I think 1 can
relate a little incident which may possibly fur-
nish the explanation.
Mr. Speaker, I live in the Miami valley, that
loveliest and most fertile part of all Ohio. We
had a great freshet there last September. I
was away from home at the time making
speeches—for it was during the late political
canvass—for the benefit of Copperheads in
another part of the State. I witnessed, there-
fore, none of the ravages of the great flood,
except as I saw some of the effects and traces
of it after my return. But my neighbors de-
scribed it to me, and told me of the damage to
farms, crops, fences, and other property, and
related to me many interesting and some amus-
ing incidents and personal adventures connected
with tho general calamity. A day or two after
my return a friend said to me": "By the way,
Schenck, the old bridge over the Miami at
Hamilton was carried off." "Is that so?" I
asked. "Well, beside the serious inconven-
ience of that loss, it must have distressed our
Butler county neighbors greatly, for to my cer-
tain knowledge that venerablerstructure has
stood for fifty years and was perhaps the old-
est bridge in our valley." "You may well say
that," remarked my friend. "There was ex-
citement enough in the crowd that stood and
looked on at the old tiling as it was lifted from
the piers and swung round and floated down
stream. I was there and saw tears almost
come into Bill Beckett's eyes." (Mr. Beckett,
by the way, Mr. Speaker, is as true, liberal,
and noble a man as ever lived, and will enjoy
the story.) "That is not to be wondered at,"
said I; "Beckett might well be affected. He
was born near by, has been familiar with the
bridge always since his earliest boyhood, and
must have had a good many pleasant associa-
tions connected with it." "Associations the
devil," exclaimed my matter-of-fact neighbor;
"why, Bill was one of the biggest stockholders
in the bridge company!" [Great laughter.]
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, it occurs
to me the eulogy pronounced upon railroad
companies and the great benefits growing out
of the construction of railroads is not pertinent
II to tho question before tho House. I agree,
