1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sir, with the gentlemen who are advocating the
advantages growing out of these railroad com-
panies. I am in favor of as liberal a course
of legislation as any man upon this floor; but
I cannot understand why we should legalize a
railroad structure erected in defiance of law.
I understand this company can have this bridge,
and the question simply is the expending a
few thousand dollars to make the bridge con-
form to the law of the land. While I would not
interfere with the advantageous and laudable
efforts of gentlemen to construct these rail-
roads, still, as a matter of principle, I desire to
protest against this habit of railroad corpora-
tions manipulating State corporations in the
way which they so well understand.
I object, Mr. Speaker, to corporations going
to the Legislature of the State, manipulating it
and getting such measures passed as they see
fit, and then, because they conflict with the laws
of the United States, coming to Congress and
asking us to legalize what they knew to be when
it was erected an illegal structure. As a mat-
ter of principle I object, because I know noth-
ing of the merits of this particular case. I pro-
test against such legislation as will justify and
form a precedent for similar legislation here-
after.
When the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] says he is inclined to regret
Providence has given us the Mississippi river
if objections are to be made to railroad connec-
tions, I beg to remind him that one hundred
railroads would not carry the commerce of that
river if its navigation were unimpeded. That
right of navigation belongs to the people of this
country, and I say that no railroad corporation,
and not even Congressitself, can step in between
the people and their rights.
Mr. Speaker, this bridge is a serious obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the Mississippi river ;
it ought not to be allowed to exist; and if it i3
not a serious obstruction to the navigation of
that river, then they need not come here and
ask for our action. The bridge will stand if
not a serious obstruction to navigation, and if
it is I repeat it ought not to be allowed. And
I desire to protest against corp'orations calling
upon Congress to step in to legalize what has
already been done illegally. I do not want
railroad corporations to do these things, rely-
ing upon the Congress of the United States to
step m to their relief. I protest against it, not
because I am opposed to this particular object,
but as a matter of precedent and practice I
object to any such legislation.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield four minutes to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allisox.]
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say, by way
of explanation, what I intended to say before
the previous question was seconded. I do not
know personally whether this bridge is a ma-
terial obstruction to navigation or not, but I
know that experts—pilots and captains—on
that river do regard it as such. I am aware
that engineers on these railroads insist that it is
otherwise. Now, if it is no obstruction there
can of course be no objection to this legisla-
tion. But what I desired to say was that legis-
lation on this matter should be postponed until
we could have an opportunity of seeing and
reading a report from a distinguished engineer
of the Army, General Warren, who within
three months has made a full and complete
examination of this bridge, and who has no
interest cither in favor of the railroad or of the
river navigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They dare
not trust that.
Mr. ALLISON. " Therefore it is I desired
to say a word by way of appeal to my distin-
guished friend to wait until we can have an
opportunity of seeing the report of that en-
gineer. And I desire, furthermore, to say
that if that distinguished engineer should find
that this bridge is an obstruction to navigation,
then there should be a proviso attached to this
bill whereby this corporation within a reason-
able time should be required to so reconstruct
its bridge as to make the navigation safe and
free.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I would ask the gentle-
man to state to the House whether the ques-
tion of the location of this bridge was or was
not referred to that gentleman by Congress, and
I anticipate his answer by saying that it was not.
• Mr. ALLISON. I will only say that by the
resolution of Congress this whole question was
referred to the engineering bureau of the War
Department, and that distinguished general
has made this examination personally; and
therefore it is that I desire there should be a
proviso inserted in this bill substantially like
this:
Provided, That the said bridge shall, upon the rec-
ommendation of the chief engineer of the Army,
within live years from the passage of this act be so
reconstructed as to make it conform to the provis-
ions of an act to authorize the construction of cer-
tain bridges, and to establish them as post roads,
approved July 28,1S66.
Mr. ALLEY. Does not the gentleman know
that all the engineers whose attention has been
called to this bridge are of the opinion that it
will not obstruct navigation ? And is not the
gentleman himself sufficiently conversant with
the facts of the case to be warranted in believ-
ing that it will not ?
Mr.ALLISON. Idoknowthatdistinguished
engineers say it is not an obstruction to navi-
gation. But though it may not be an obstruction
to navigation to-day, it may be an obstruction
five years hence; and therefore I think there
should be some power somewhere to require
this corporation to so change the construction
from time to time as to leave this great natural
highway to the Gulf of Mexico free and unin-
terrupted for the navigation of steamboats.
And more than that. I now make my remarks
in opposition to the bill, by way of expla-
nation of what I proposed in the beginning
rather than for the purpose of trying at this
stage to amend it. There is another provision
in the bill which I object to. and il is this: this
bill authorizes and requires steamboats above
the bridge to give a reasonable signal before
the draw shall be passed. Now, I do not know
what may beeonstrued to be a reasonable sig-
nal, or who is to make the construction of the
law; therefore I think there should be a more
specific statute with reference to the present
duties of the engineers and pilots upon those
boats, or of the persons who may have charge
of the draws.
Mr. ALLEY. One word in reply to a single
observation of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allisox.] He says that though there may be
no obstruction now there may be five years
hence, • and therefore there should be some
power somewhere to remedy such an evil. If
the gentleman had listened carefully to the
reading of the bill he would have discovered
that this power does exist, that it is especially
reserved to Congress and to the courts. There-
fore that difficulty is all obviated. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswoiitii. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague [Mr.
Washburxe] opposes this bill. I want it under-
stood by the House that he does not speak for
the whole State of Illinois. The Legislature
of Illinois authorized the building of thisbridge.
and in my opinion a very large majority of the
people of the State are in favor of continuing
it as it is. The fact seems to be that this bridge
was erected six or seven years ago, and during
all the time which has sinqe intervened but one
single case has been presented to the committee
of pretended material obstruction to navigation
or damage to a boat. There is a draw to this
bridge of one hundred and twenty feet, which,
it is claimed, is wide enough for all practical
purposes. Every bridge is technically an ob-
struction to navigation. If you drive a pile or
construct a pier, it is, in one sense, technically
an obstruction to navigation; boats and rafts
have not got the whole surface of the river to
float upon; and therefore to say that a bridge
shall be constructed so as to be no obstruction
to navigation is to say that no bridge shall lie
constructed at all, and to say that the general
commerce of the country passing from west to
east shall be obstructed at this huge ditch run-
ning north and south through the United States,
which shall remain forever as a perpetual har-
rier to commerce.
Now, sir, there are eight hundred miles of
railroad ii) operation from Chicago westward,
and the roads are being extended at the rate
of a hundred miles every few months. Shall
we say that those roads shall be obstructed at
the Mississippi river, and bridges which have
been erected, and which are no material ob-
struction to navigation, shall be torn down and
others erected and the people taxed by an ad-
ditional tariif on freight for their erection, for
that would be the consequence? I say bo.
Why, sir, there are now in the United States
twenty-seven thousand miles of railroad in
operation, and I would like to show i  the
House the amount of comparative revenue
derived from railroads and steamboats in the
United States. In 1865 the railroads paid
$5,917,000, while the steamboats of the United
States paid only $638,000. In 1866 the rail-
roads paid $7,000.000, while the steamboats
paid only half as much as they paid before,
only $308,000.
My colleague [Mr. Washbubne] says that
he is representing very large interests, that
when he speaks against this bill he is speak-
ing in behalf of an interest of millions of dol-
lars in his district. What does he mean by
that? The steamboat interest? Well, how
much revenue do you think the steamboat in-
terest in my colleague's district paid ia 1865
and 1866? In 1865 they paid the enormous
sum of $847, and in 1866 they paid the mag'
nificent sum of $65 90.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said noth-
ing about the steamboat interest of my dis-
trict. „ ••
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I supposed my col-
league was representing the people of his dis-
trict and their interests. It reminds me of a
story I once heard of a distinguished judge,
now a United States Senator. When on the
bench he was greatly annoyed by trifling suits,
and when a case of certiorari was before him
and he was aimoyed and vexed at having to
eonstrue a statute, he asked the counsel for
the plaintiff how much the case involved, and
was told twenty shillings. Said he, "Oh, my
God, I would rather pay that amount than
have to construe the statute!" And so I think
the people had better buy off the opposition
of my colleague from the Galena district and
have the opposition removed.
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield the residue of
my time to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Pbice.] I would gladly have yielded to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,] who
desires to say a few words, but I have not time
to do so.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, this bridge
about which there appears to be so much con-
tention happens to be in my district—that part
of it, at least, which is said to bean obstruction
to the navigation of the Mississippi river. I
have lived on the banks of that river for twenty-
two years not far from this bridge. I live
below it, and I want to say to the members of
this House that during the time I have lived
there, and since the construction of this bridge,
I have not heard of any damage being done to
the navigation of the river by it. I wish to
say in this connection, in reply to a remark
made by some gentlemen last session upon this
same bill, that the instance cited of a case of
! damage done to a raft did not occur at the
Clinton bridge, but at the bridge at Davenport.
Gentlemen will remember that at the last ses-
sion of Congress we passed a bill authorizing
and directing the removal of that bridge be-
cause it was an obstruction to the navigation
of the river ; and I say now 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, if the gentlemen will yield 
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield now. If I had
the time I would yield with a great deal of
pleasure, because I know the gentleman is a
modest man and scarcely ever takes the floor,
unless he is entitled to it. [Laughter.] Ana
i more than that, ho always speaks in the inter-
