1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 25,
Congress has established any precedent of the
kind. I should like to have him show me any
case where a charter has been granted to a
private corporation to enter any State of this
union and construct a canal or any other pub-
lic work entirely within the jurisdiction of a
single State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course there is no
time to enter into an extended debate on a
question of this description. I will answermy
friend from New York in this way: it can be :
made manifest to him or to any other intelli-
gent gentleman who studies the history of the
formation of the Constitution of this country,
the proceedings in the Convention that formed [
it, and the debates there, that it was the pur- J
pose of that Convention to give to the United ,
States as a nation the complete ccmtrol, when
they choose to exercise it, of intercommunica- i
tion between the States. Now, if this ship- 1
canal 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. In a moment. I shall be
through in a moment. j
Mr. LANE. I wish to hear the Senator at
length on this subject, and I therefore ask him
to give way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont must not be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. EDML'NDS. If this ship-canal is merely
an intra-State work for a mere local purpose,
then we ought not to grant this charter to the
corporation at ail; but if it is to connect the
commerce of the western part of the nation
with the east, then it is immaterial whether the
mere locus happens to be in one State or in
two or in twenty. We ought not to ask the
consent of any particular State to improve the
navigation of the Mississippi at one place or
another, or any harbor. We exercise the
nation's will in providing for transit and inter-
communication ; and it cannot be demon-
strated or maintained either in reason or right
that any one State has a right to set her foot
on the pathway of the nation and say we must
bow to her will before we meet and interchange
our commodities. But as I said, Mr Presi-
dent, I only wished to state the proposition,
because the time will not allow an extended
debate.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, if a cana
is to be built around the falls of Niagara it
should be built by the State of New York. If
the State of New York refuses to build it, and
you can show a public necessity for it, then it
should be built by the Government through its
engineers, and it should be a free canal, except
mere nominal tolls to pay current expenses.
That, sir, and that alone, is the way in which
this ship-canal should be built. But before
this be done you must show a public necessity
for it, which has not yet been shown. I am
very glad to find that the Senator from Ver-
mont has made his point so directly. He
comes here and asks the Senate of the United
States to grant a charter to a corporation to
enter upon the soil of one of the States of
this Union and to construct a public work; and
he further asks that Congress shall appropri-
ate $6,000,000 for the purpose. I ask him, I
ask any Senator, to point to a case in the his-
tory of this country, from its first foundation,
of anything of the sort.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There are many things
that have transpired in the history of our Re-
public, and more novel things probably than
have struck the Senator from New York ex-
actly square. I dare to call myself almost as
much of a New Yorker as he is himself,
although I do not represent the commercial
interests that are in his particular charge, and
that fought the opening of the great lakes and
the great Northwest out into the Atlantic
Ocean and out of the great seas, that they
may communicate freely with the nations who
are abroad, and make themselves contermi-
nous with the commerce of'the world. It is
not convenient or profitable to be let free even,
or to have a freedom of Erie to Ontario and
on the St. Lawrence. Why ? They think it
will damage their present personal business. It
is not convenient for the Central railroad, not
convenient for their business. It is not con-
venient for their mills at Rochester, not con-
venient for their present business.
The Senator from New York desires to legis-
late for his own local interests. He should
legislate as a Senator for the interests of the
entire Republic. Those interests require the
opening of our great channels of trade so that
it may pass out into the high seas, as it were.
I understand exactly, and I dare say the Sen-
ator from New York does, that local consid-
erations have contjolled too much the policy
of legislation of the State where I was born,
and from whence I came, and about which I
have the right to speak. The commerce of the
great lakes, Michigan and Huron and Erie and
Ontario, down there to the St. Lawrence and
the Atlantic should have the privilege of pas-
sage over our own land. They have never had
it. It has been asked by every thoughtful man,
asked by every student of our physical geogra-
phy. It has been a great political necessity
understood by all men; a great physical and
economical necessity. Why has it not been
done ? It has been denied by local interests
and technical obstructions. I can understand
how local interests now undertake to obstruct
when the Senator from New York speaks ; I
can understand how technical objections can
be made by others; but it has been the opin-
ion of the best-informed and wisest men of
the period of time in which I have lived that
it was a thing needed, demanded ever since
the nation heard or understood or began to
conceive of the great Northwest, her great seas
and her great rivers, her great interests, her
great commerce, that she should have the privi-
lege of going out by the St. Lawrence into the
Atlantic ocean.
Mr. COWAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose.
Mr. COWAN. I will yield for a motion to
adjourn, but not for any other purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am aware that there
are Senators absent who desire to participate
in this discussion and feel considerable inter-
est in this bill, and as the hour is late I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HE'NDRICKS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must put the motion. It is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to de-
bate it. I was going to appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to allow the pending bill to be
passed over informally to enable me to call up
a private bill which will not take a minute.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will be done.
Mr. COWAN. I only yield to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope the Senator
will go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon withdraw lxis motion to
adjourn?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not possible to
finish this bill to-night, and I appeal to the
Senator from Michigan to allow it to go over
informally that I may call up a private bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania give way to the
Senator from Indiana?
Mr. COWAN. I would rather not.
The PRESIDENT' pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think it
would be well if the Senate were to deliberate
fully before they embark themselves upon a
project of the nature set forth in this bill.
There are a great many difficulties that cluster
about it which I am satisfied are not in the
contemplation of those who are now in favor
of it. I propose to notice very briefly some
of them.
And first let me remark that a very strong
and clear distinction is to be taken between
this project and another to effectuate the same
purpose through a different means. The Sen-
ator from New York has very well remarked
that the nation might make a canal around the
falls of Niagara. I am not prepared now to
dispute but that it might; but I am prepared
here in my place to say that the nation has no
I authority to charter an incorporated company
i for the purpose of doing that work ; and that
if the nation had that authority and were to
exercise it, it would be one of the most danger-
1 ous encroachments upon the stability of the
| Union of which you can conceive. This work
j will lie wholly within the State of New York,
wholly within its territorial jurisdiction ; and
if the Federal Government can incorporate a
| company to make that improvement in that
place and to make the improvement contem-
plated here, there is no reason in the world
why they cannot charter incorporated com-
panies to do anything else within the State of
New York. That the power to regulate com-
merce confers a power to remove an obstruc-
tion that lies in the pathway of commerce I
shall not undertake to deny. That there is an
obstruction to commerce at this particular
point everybody knows. That it ought to be
removed, if possible,! suppose nobody is will-
ing to controvert. But that is not the ques-
tion. The question is whether the Federal
Government, by virtue of any power conferred
upon it, can create an incorporated company
to enter into the State of New York and exer-
cise its franchises there for that purpose.
It is said that those who have read the
debates of the Convention which formed the
Constitution, and those who know the history
of the Constitution and of the causes which
induced the Convention to confer upon the
Federal Government the right to regulate com-
merce, know very well that it was conferred
for this purpose. I say that the very reverse,
the very contrary, is the case ; and that those
who have read the debates of that Convention,
and those who know that history, know that
such a power as this never was contemplated
when that clause was inserted into the Consti-
tution, and it was inserted for an entirely dif-
ferent purpose, and is ample for the purpose
for which it was intended.
Now, I should like to know from learned
lawyers who advocate this scheme, when this
corporation is made to whom will it belong?
When a corporation is created by the supreme
authority of the country, that corporation is
within the control of the courts of the country
for the purpose of enforcing the trusts im-
posed, for the purpose of seeing that the fran-
chises are properly exercised. Suppose this
corporation were to do something not war-
ranted by its charter, I should like to know
from my learned friend from Vermont into
what court he would go to correct it?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Any court.
Mr. COWAN. Can he go into the courts
of New York?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator from
California says yes, he can go into the courts
of New York. Can he go into the United
States courts?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes.
Mr. COWAN. Then I ask, suppose the
courts of New York were to enjoin, and the
United States courts were to relieve against
the injunction ; what then?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will answer tie ques-
tion.
• Mr. COWAN. You had better answer it
all in a lump when I get through. That will
be the better way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania must not be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. COWAN. Here are two sovereignties;
here are two distinct sets of courts; and it is
clear both of them cannot have jurisdiction ;
that is an absurdity.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why not?
The PRESlDENT^iroiewyjore. Order must
be observed.
Mr. COWAN. From the very reason of the
