1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
this amendment all the Departments except the
Treasury Department. It is to be remembered
that no fund has been distributed in any Depart-
ment except the Treasury Department. He
proposes here to pay the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior ten per cent, additional upon
his salary aftdgive a clerk twenty-fiveper cent.,
I believe. I think that in the Interior Depart-
ment and in the Navy Department and in the
War Department the assistants and the heads
of bureaus should receive twenty percent, upon
their salaries as well as the $1,200 clerks. But
the Senate has settled the question as to the
Treasury Department; the Senate has refused
to strike out the clause which includes the
extra compensation in this computation ; and
now, if this amendment is adopted with a view
to the Treasury Department, great injustice is
done to the men employed in the other Depart-
ments, and I hope for that reason that the
amendment will not be adopted.
Why, I will ask, is one man paid in the Interior
Department $2,500 and another $1,200? Is
it not because one's services are worth $2,500
while the services of the other are only worth
$1,200? If you increase the salaries of both
you ought to increase them ratably; the in-
crease ought to be in proportion to the salaries
which they receive ; and there is no reason as
it appears to me why you should pay to one
who receives $2,500 ten per cent., and to one
who receives $1,200 twenty-five per cent., un-
less it is made to appear that the salaries as
they have been established by law are unjust.
There must be a gradation in salaries from
the Assistant Secretaries down to the lowest
class of clerks, and this percentage ought to
be in proportion to the salaries.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not very particu-
lar about "the amendment: but it struck me as
being just. I really think that if twenty per
cent, is added to salaries from $2,000 to $15,500,
a larger' percentage should be given to the
clerks receiving a smaller compensation. But
the Senator from Maine, who certainly under-
stands this subject better than I do, having had
experience in the Department himself, who
speaks advisedly upon the subject, and who
ought certainly to be able to counsel the Sen-
ate on such a matter, thinks otherwise. I know
there are some first and second class clerks
here who are scarcely able to support them-
selves on their salaries. I do not pretend that
the Senator from Maine and the Senator from
Oregon are wrong in saying that those who
have the higher salaries ought to be increased;
but it struck me that a larger percentage of
increase should be given to those who receive
the smaller salaries. If my amendment bo
adopted its effect would be to .give a first-class
clerk for the present year $1,440, a second-
class clerk $1,680, a third-class clerk $1,920, a
fourth-class clerk $2,070, a chief clerk $2,300,
the Auditors $3,300, and the heads of bureaus
$3,850. But I shall not take up time on this
amendment; I leave it to the Senate to decide.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend by
inserting after the word '' annum'' in the thirty-
second line:
Nor to any person so as to increase his compensa-
tion for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, beyond
the sum of $4,500.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire whether
this amendment, if adopted, would not prevent
such officers as the First Comptroller and Sec-
ond Comptroller from receiving more than
$4,500?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the object.
Mr. CONNESS. I think they are worth
more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition is that
this twenty per cent, shall not be applied so as
to increase the compensation of any of these
heads of bureaus beyond the sum of $4,500 for
the present fiscal year. Is not that enough?
The effect of it will be to prevent them from
receiving somewhere between five and six thou-
sand dollars. Their salaries are fixed by law
at $3,500. They have already received out of
this extra compensation fund various amounts;
the precise amounts I cannot state, but some
of them as much as $1,000. Those who have
had $1,000 have already received $4,500.
Then, if you give twenty per cent, additional
on the salary, it would be giving them $5,200
for the present year. If the Senate proposes
to increase their salaries to $2,500, so be it;
but the object of this amendment is to prevent
any of them receiving more than $4,500. I do
not wish at this hour to take up time. I hope
the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. CONNESS. This, it seems to me, is
the old proposition that was settled in the
Senate awhile ago. As I understand it, it is
to prevent men who can go outside and get
$10,000 a year from receiving more than $4,500
from the Government, no matter how valuable
may be their services.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
adopted; it will only apply U) some half a
dozen men, and it is an invidious discrimina-
tion against them.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken
resulted—yeas 10, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Chandler, Howard, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Ross, 'J^umbull, Wado, Wilson, and
Yates—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Conness, Davis,
Doolittlo, I'essonden, Fogg, Foster, llcndricks, Lane,
McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Poland. Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—19.
ABSUNT—Messrs. Anthony. Cowari, Cragin, Cres-
well,Dixon, Edmunds,Fowior,FroUnshuyson, Grimes,
Guthrie. Harris, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Ncsmilh, Nye, Patterson, Kiddle, baulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, and Stewart—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. wiu/tams, as amended, it was agreed
to, as follows: strike out all of the original
resolution after the resolving claifse and in-
sert—
That there shall bo allowed and paid, out of any
money in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the following described persons, now employed in
the civil seivieeat Washington, as follows: to civil
officers, temporary and all other elcrks, messengers,
and watchmen, including enlisted men detailed as
such, to be computed upon tho gross amount of the
compensation received by them, and employes, male
and female, in any o! tho following named Depart-
ments, or any bureau or division thereof, to wit:
State, Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, Post Office.
Attorney Gcneial, Agiicultural, and including civil
officers, and temporary and all other clerks and em-
claims, Commissary (ioneral of Prisoners, Bureau of
the photographer and assistant photographer ot the
Treasury Department, to the superintendent of
meters, an additional compensation of twenty per
cent, on their respective salaries as fixed by law, or,
where no salary is fixed by law, upon their pay
respectively, for one year from and after tho 30th day
of June, 1866; but when any of said persons is or
shall bo only entitled to receive salary or pay for a part
of said year, the said twenty per cent, shall be com-
puted on the amount such person is so entitled to
receivo for services in any or all of said Departments
or offices within said year: Provided, That tho above-
named additional compensation to the employes ot
the Patent Office shall be paid out of the funus of
said office: Provided further, That this resolution
shall not apply to persons whose salaries as fixed by
law exceed $3,500.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That all acts or
parts of acts heretofore passed authorizing the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury to apportion or distribute
among the clerks of bis Department any sum of
moneys by way of additional pay or compensation
are hereby repealed; and after the passage of this
resolution no money shall be paid to any officer,
clerk, or employ6 of the Treasury Dcpaitment, ex-
cept such as may be fixed by law.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a third time. The resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
[The announcement of the passage of the
joint resolution was welcomed with applause
in the galleries, which was checked by the
President pro tempore.]
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, (at sixteen
minutes past eleven o'clock p. m.,) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesday, February 12, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntou.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
tax bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
House one thousand extra copies of the bill amend-
ing the internal revenue law3, reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means yesterday.
new orleans riot.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported, from the same
committee, the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
jResolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of
the majority and minority reports, and ten thousand
copies of the evidence taken by the Committee on
the New Orleans Riots, bo printed for the use of the
members of the House of Representatives.
boston custom-house.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported, from the same
committee, the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
lie/solved, That thero bo printed of the majority and
minority reports of the committeo on tho subject of
tho Boston custom-house two thousand extra copies
for the uso of tho House, and five hundred extra,
copies of the evidence.
mineral kesoukces.
Mr. LAFLTN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand copics of the report of
J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources, &a., in
addition to those already ordered, be printed for the
uso of members of this llouso, and that a copy of tho
rules prepared at the Cfeneral Land OlEco, to aid m
tho disposal of the mineral lands under the law ap-
proved February 26,1866, for that purpose, bo added
to each copy of such report; and that one thousand
copies of the same be for tho use of tho Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. LAFLTN, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the several resolutions were agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific railroads.
Mr. W'ENTWORTH, by unanimous consent
offered the following resolution ; which, being a
call for executive information, was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to.
liezalved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House the ulti-
mate cost under existing laws of the railroads con-
cerning which ho made his communication to this
House yesterday, so far as the papers in his office
will enable him to do so.
Mr. WENTWORTII moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
taxing post office clerks, etc. _
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which, being a call
for executive information, was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, requested to inform this House whether
the various postmasters throughout the United States
are r eciuircd to account for and pay a salary tax upon
the salaries of clerks employed by them, where su<;h
salaries arc not fixed by law, but are paid out of funds
furnished by the Government; also that he be re-
quested to furnish a copy of the regulations and the
circulars of said Department, if any such exist, re-
quiring such payment: also whether any such tnx is
collected or required to be accounted for from clerks
of assessors of internal revenue ; and if any discrim-
ination is made between said two classes of clerks m
respcct to said tax, andwliy such discrimination is
made. —
merchant marine.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill in relation to the merchant marine
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' lost discharges.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Penn*
