1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m9
Mr. LE BLOND. I call- for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question then recurred on concurring in
the amendments of the Senate; and being taken,
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 104,
nays 38, not voting 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin. Banks. Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, BeDjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Bonttfell. BromwelJ, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Davis,Defrees. Delano, Dem-
ing, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Eckley,Eggles-
ton, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Perry, Garfield, Grm-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Bemas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James K. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kasson, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, MeRuer, Mer-
cur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pei-ham, Plants, Price, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Spalding,
Stokes, Thayer, JohnL. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Yan Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihn B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn. Welker. Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James !'. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona,Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hiso, Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, John-
son, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Nxblack, Nich-
olson, Nooll, Samuel J. Randall, William H, Ran-
dall, IMtter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble,
Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, and Winfield—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Blow, Braudegee, Conkling, Darling, Dawes,
Dumont, Eliot, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Harris,
Hayes; Henderson, Hotohkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Laflin, Marshall, McCullough. Mclndoe. McKee,
Moorhead, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau,
Shellabarger, Sloan,Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse,
Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn,
Woodbridge, and Wright—49.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
During the vote,
Mr. DEMING stated that his colleague, Mr.
Brandegee, was absent by leave of the House,
and that if he were present he would vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. THAYER made a similar statement con-
cerning his colleague, Mr. Kelley.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, then moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments of the
Senate were concurred in ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KETRENCHMENT. •
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 157, appropria-
ting money to defray the expenses of the joint
select committee on retrenchment.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time. It appropriates $15,000 to defray
the expenses of witnesses and other expenses
of the joint select committee on retrenchment.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I wish to inquire
whether this is to be ccfbsidered as the report
of the committee on retrenchment? [Laugh-
ter. ] It does not look very much like retrench-
ment. It is the only thing we have heard from
that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the labors of this committee have been very
much enlarged aild many additional subjects
have been referred to it. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] chairman of the com-
mittee, is absent, but the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] is present and can explain the
object of the joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr.- Speaker, I did not
hear the resolution read and was not aware
anything of this kind was on your table. It
carries along with it its own explanation. It
is simply a provision to pay the expenses of the
committee. What the committee have yet done
we are not prepared fully to report, although
we have reported two or three bills which are
now pending in relation to appointments to
office.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman whether the committee has saved the
amount now proposed to be drawn from the
Treasury?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is more than I am able
to say—what has been saved. A large amount
of testimony has been taken and a great deal
more is to betaken when our legislative duties
will permit, which will develop a large amount
of fraud and rascality in a variety of shapes by
which the members of this Congress may here-
after well be directed in future legislation. I
am not prepared to make any report what that
testifaony is. I demand the previous question.
The previons question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading, and it was accordingly read the
third time, ana passed.
ADMISSION OS NEBRASKA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 456, for the admission of
the State of Nebraska into the (Jnion.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Before calling the
previous question I will say that the Committee
on the Territories this morning unanimously
direeted me to move that the bill be put upon
its passage. If the previous question be sec-
onded, I will yield to gentlemen a portion of
my time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will after the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only want half a min-
ute just now.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am unwilling to pass,
without debate or examination, a bill contain-
ing a provision which, if it have any legal
effect at all, may become a very troublesome
precedent hereafter. Suppose a bill should
be offered to-morrow to let South Carolina in
on the same condition ? I do not express any
opinion as to the merits of the bill; but I
shall resist the attempt to pass it without ex-
amination or debate. To make two new States
in ten minutes, under the previous question,
without having the bill printed or debated, is
unworthy of a deliberative body.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to state
that the committee were unanimous in favor
of the bill with the exception of the member
from Tennessee, [Mr. Cooper.]
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire of my col-
league whether he intends to press through
without any discussion a bill of such import-
ance as this.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the House sus-
tains the motion for the previous question I
will allow discussion.
Mr. FINCK. If the gentleman will make it
a special order and have it discussed 
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; have it discussed.
Mr. FINCK. It is very extraordinary to have
a matter of this importance pressed through
under the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] state how much time he
will allow?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the previous
question is sustained I have said I would yield
to gentlemen all my time except perhaps five
minutes. I will now yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I merely wish to
appeal to the gentleman not to press this bill
to a vote at this time. We have just passed a
bill securing to all male citizens of the United
States within the Territories the right of suf-
frage, without distinction of race or color. It
is now proposed to pass a bill accepting a con-
stitution for a State government which expressly
disfranchises the persons we have just declared
by our votes shall be enfranchised. Now, sir,
1 think, with a question of this kind presented
to us, we should not make haste under the
previous question to create this new State, and
thereby undo our work so far as the colored
citizens of Nebraska are concerned.
I know there is a provision in this bill which
declares that this act shall only take effect upon
the fundamental condition that no person shall
be disfranchised on account of race or color;
but, sir, if we pass this bill the Territory be-
comes a State, and there is no consent by the
people of the Territory to this condition, either
by a vote of the people or by an act of the
legislative body of the Territory representing
the people. We merely declare that oar act
of admission shall carry with it as a condition
an annulment of one section of the constitution
of the State.
Now, sir, as has been suggested by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] this may
return to plague us when we are asked to pass
upon the cases of the southern States. Why
not accept South Carolina if this condition can
be rendered effective in Nebraska by attach-
ing the same condition to her constitution ?
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman what would be the legal effect of a fail-
ure on the part of Nebraska to perform this
condition-subsequent after the passage of this
bill. -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, sir, I think
the effect of this provision would be to throw
irto the courts of the United States the ques'
tion as to whether the colored citizens are en-
titled to vote in the new State of Nebraska.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire further if it
would not also raise the question whether upon
the refusal to perform this condition-subse-
quent Nebraska is any longer a State. And I
would suggest here whether it is worth 'while
for us in one hour under the previous question,
in an hour distributed out by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to those who may
desire to discuss it five or ten minutes, to pass
upon this new fundamental feature in the ad-
mission of States to this Union, whether a con-
dition-subsequent can be attached at all to the
admission. I wish the gentleman would ad-
dress himself to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I can only give
my opinion in reference to this point. I have
no doubt that this provision would have no
effect whatever.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the pre-
vious question will be voted down.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me for a moment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will hear the
gentleman for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. This condition meets my
hearty concurrence if incorporated into the
constitution of the State of Nebraska; but I
desire that it shall be incorporated into the
constitution of the State of Nebraska by the
legislation of this House, and I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to let us fully understand
this question, and whether we are accomplish-
ing what we wish to accomplish in this matter.
This is, to my mind, a very grave question, a
question which I desire to see disenssed more
than it can be discussed in one hour under the
operation of the previous question, that time
being distributed among the members of the
House by the gentleman from Ohio." It is
deserving of the further and calmer and more
deliberate discussion in this House, because it
affects the condition and status not only of the
State of Nebraska but of every other State in
this Union, and of those States ttlso which are
knocking at the door to be admitted into this
Union. The gentleman cannot surely compre-
hend and appreciate the magnitude of the ques-
tion he is springing upon us under the previous
question, and I hope he will permit us to dis-
cuss it more deliberately than we can do in the
hour which will be left to him after the pre-
vious question is sustained.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the House will
set apart to-morrow after the morning hour for
the consideration of this bill and the one for
the admission of Colorado as special orders, I
have no objection to further discussion.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent, but otherwise the bill irk
regard to appointments to office and the bank-
