1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
thing, if there is any reason left. It may be
that reason, too, has departed; but if reason
is left, from the very reason of the thing two
sovereignties cannot exist over the same sub-
ject at the same time. This corporation will
either belong to the State of New York or
belong to the United States ; it will be either
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the one
or the courts of the other. Now, I should like
to know from some learned gentleman, who
can sit still long enough until he gets the
chance to do it, how this is to be remedied?
Which of these two classes of courts will be
the proper ones to have jurisdiction over this
corporation ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me 
Mr. COWAN. Not now ; keep quiet until
I get done. It is extraordinary that I must
be interrupted every minute.
Which of the two shall it be ? If it is the
courts of New York, then the United States
courts have nothing to do with it; and then you
will have the extraordinary spectacle of the Fed-
eral sovereignty creating a corporation which
is to be regulated, controlled, and kept within
the limits and bounds of its charter by a court
of another jurisdiction. If the jurisdiction is
confined to the Federal courts, then you have
the other extraordinary anomaly of a corpora-
tion entirely within a State, the subject-matter
entirely within a State, regulated and con-
trolled by the Federal courts and their jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. President, this cannot be. It is not in
the nature of things that it can be. It is incom-
patible with the idea of oursystem, and directly,
as I judge, in the face of the constitutional
power delegated to us.
Again, where is it to end? If we can create
corporations and put them in New York such
as this is, we can create other and different
corporations. If we can remove an obstruction
which lies in the pathway of commerce upon
the borders of New York and within her terri-
tories, then we can remove the obstruction
which lies in the Alleghany mountains within
the State of Pennsylvania and within her juris-
diction.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me a mo-
ment 
Mr. COWAN. No ; I will not yield at all.
I would rather not be interrupted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania must not be interrupted
by any Senator without his consent. Order
must be observed.
Mr. COWAN. I have refused half a dozen
time3 already, and the gentleman does not
understand it.
Now, that is the difficulty; and as I said
before, if one corporation can be created and
put into the State of New York, then any
number of corporations can be placed there
within the Federal jurisdiction and subject to
be regulated by the Federal courts. Then you
will present another most extraordinary spec-
tacle that citizens of New York, or citizens
desiring to speculate in New York, will first
hesitate and inquire with which government
they can make the best terms. Can we get
larger powers, more valuable franchises from
the Federal Government than we can from the
State of New York? If so, then they will go
to the Federal Government to get them. If,
on the other hand, they can make a better bar-
gain with the State of New York, then New
t'ork perhaps may retain her especial jurisdic-
tion over this class of persons—corporations.
Surely gentlemen do not contemplate this
result.
But it is said that this work is of a national
character. Who decides whether it is of a
national character or not? The body assuming
jurisdiction over it. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States may decide that it is of a national
character, but the Legislature of New York
may decide that it is of a local character; and
hence you have a conflict there, and a conflict
which strikes at the very root of the Union
formed among the States for their general se-
curity. I cannot conceive of anything which
¥
would be better calculated to destroy the peace
and harmony of the several States than this
alleged power on the part of Congress to grant
corporate franchises to be exercised within the
limits of the States. If this Government has
any power at all to relieve against the mischief
existing there, if it has any power whatever to
devote its means and its resources to a canal
or railroad around the falls of Niagara, the
work must be done by Congress as a gratuity.
It has no right to delegate that power to a cor-
poration created there, invested with these fran-
chises, where it is to exist forever as a monop-
oly. As a matter of course it must necessarily
be so, because it would be exceedingly unfair
to the corporation if, when created, it were not
a monopoly. I say Congress has no power
whatever to create a corporation for such pur-
poses.
But we are told by eloquent Senators that
we have the power under that clause which
gives us authority to regulate commerce. Mr.
President, did any man ever suppose that the
right to regulate commerce included within it
the right to create a common carrier? What
will this canal be, what will this railroad be,
when it is created? Nothing more or less than
a common carrier. A railroad company and a
railroad itself is in no wise distinguishable
from a road-wagon with six horses and .a
driver upon it. It is simply a common car-
rier, a machine which takes up a box at a par-
ticular point and delivers it at another point,
owned by a single person, although that person
may be a corporate person, with a hundred
natural persons as corporators; but the corpo-
ration itself and the work it constructs consti-
tute in the law but a common carrier. I agree
that we have a right to regulate that common
carrier; I have no doubt about it; and why
was the power given? If the history of the
Constitution had been properly read we should
have seen why. We have thirty-six States, and
a single State may throw itself, to use the lan-
guage of the Senator from Vermont, across the
pathway of commerce, and tax the inter-State
commerce of the people of the Union, just as
I understand the Camden and Amboy railroad
is made the instrument by New Jersey to tax
the inter-State commerce of other States; just
as the Baltimore and Ohio railroad is made the
instrument on the part of Maryland to levy
taxes from the inter-State trade and travel of
the other States to put into her State treasury.
I can say to the Senator from Vermont that it
was to prevent that that Congress was given
the power to regulate commerce. Under the
old Articles 6f Confederation each State had
the right to levy off the inter-State trade and
travel the same taxes, the same duties, and
the same tolls that she levied off her own citi-
zens. Now you observe how that works.
Maryland had the right under the old Articles
of Confederation to levy upon a traveler com-
ing from Baltimore to Washington just the
same amount of taxes, in the shape of toils,
that she had to levy upon her own citizens;
but it was soon discovered that the citizens of
Maryland might very well pay this tax them-
selves, provided they had the liberty to tax all
the rest of the people in the world who came
to the capital and put it into their State treas-
ury. Therefore it was that Congress v/as given
the power to regulate commerce; and, in my
judgment, if to-day Congress were to pass an
act declaring that no State should levy taxes
in this way, to put into her State treasury, from
people who were in no wise bound to obey it,
such an act of Congress would be good, and the
courts would enforce it, and they would carry
out that power which was delegated to us.
There is nothing in the world to prevent an
act of Congress from being passed declaring
that the Camden and Amboy railroad shall not
be used by New Jersey as a tax-collector off
the citizens of New York and Pennsylvania
who choose to cross between Philadelphia and
New York. An act of Congress which would
forbid the State of Maryland from making a
tax-collector out of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad fer the purpose of putting taxes into
the Maryland State treasury I say would be a
good act of Congress, and the courts would
enforce it.
That is the power to regulate com merce; and
when the history of it is examined it grows out
of that reason. We have the right to regulate
the common carrier; we have the right to regu-
late SI those persons who hold themselves out
to the country as common carriers; and, in my
judgment, it ought to be done; and if the country
ever comes to a settled condition, I hope it will
be done; that Congress will regulate, not usurp,
authority to create corporations ; not usurp the
right to enter upon States in violation of the
reserved rights of the States, in order to expend
their money, or allow it to be expended in the
creation of monopolies.
Therefore, Mr. President, I think it would be
well to consider this measure most maturely;
I think it would be very well for its friends
to consider it maturely. I think if I were a
corporator proposing to embark myself on this
speculation I should like to know whether the
machinery which is at our command, Federal
machinery, would be able to secure my rights
in and about it. There is the difficulty, and
the difficulty stated as briefly as I know how to
state it. I put aside ail questions of the ex-
pediency of doing this work, the policy of hav-
ing it done. I have nothing to say about that.
I suppose nobody will controvert but that it
would be a good thing to avoid the difficulty
there which occurs in the outlet from the great
lakes to the ocean; but that we have the right
to do it by this means and through this medium
is what I positively deny. The Senator from
New York asked the question, and it was a
pertinent one, when before has the Federal
Government undertaken the exercise of such a
power as this? Never. Where was the power
delegated? Where is it? In what part of the
Constitution? And if it was there, and if it
was exercised, then I ask what becomes of the
States and their right to create corporations?
What will become of our State corporations?
Then there is another question which is most
intimately connected with all this: who shall
tax this company that you are about to create?
Shall New York have the right to tax it, or shall
it be free from taxation on the part of the
States? If it be free, then you will have a par-
cel of Federal corporations in every State which
are liberated from the ordinary burdens of State
taxes to support the State government. If, on
the other hand, your corporation is liable to be
taxed for State purposes, what # to prevent
the State from taxing it out of existence?
When the corporations created by the State
and the corporations created by the Federal
Government come into conflict, if the State
has the right to tax them, the State may tax
the Federal corporations out of existence, and
would have the right to do it, and ought to do
it. So that when you come to examine it in
every way, it is not only unconstitutional and
wrong, but it is not feasibia. It cannot exist,
in my judgment, in the natuie of our Govern-
ment. It is not possible, because it involves
the destruction of the one or the other of the
two powers. They are incompatible. If New
York charters this company, then the United
States cannot charter it; if the United States
can charter it, then the State of New York
cannot.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania what he thinks
about the national charters of national banks
in the States of Pennsylvania and New i'ork,
and their charters of State banks? Is there
any great difficulty about that, or about taxing
either?
Mr. COWAN. I have a very clear and
decided opinion upon the charters of national
banks in the State of Pennsylvania and iu the
State of New York. I have not obtruded it
upon the public because I had no dispos'tion
to add another element to the difficulties which
now surround our financial situation: but as t he
honorable Senator has put the question dis-
tinctly to me, I answer it quite as distinctly. I
do not think the charter of the national banks
