#00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
f '
ihg bill,ands,everal otherspeeial orders, would
Mr-BLAINE. If it requires uaiammous
consent. I object.. . ■ I :
■ Mr.. WILSON, of lows. I wish to inquire
if-the- bill in relation to the Electoral College
ianot also a special ..order for to-morrow ?
The. SPEAKER., That ig also a special
order,, and there areseveral otters. The Chair
only mentioned the.prominent ones on whieh
discussionisfixpectel. • -
Mr. =" MORSEuL. Maie. these bills the spe-
cial order for Monday next.
; Mr,. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Is there a special
order for Monday next? ....... :
. The SPEAKER.. There, are a number of
special orders that would be ahead, of thia.
., Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Cannot I have the
unanimous consent of the House that these
bills shall be the special order for Monday?
- Mr. BLAINE and Mr. BAND ALL, of Penn-
sylvania. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I will try the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the bill upon the table. .
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not in order to
move to refer this bill?'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] is upon the floor now, having
withdrawn' the demand for the previous ques-
tion,
• Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has distinctly renewed the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the demand for the
previous question be withdrawn, will it not
then be in order to move a reference of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. ItwilL
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move to refer
it to the Committee on the Territories.
. The.SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] being entitled to the floor.
Mr.' ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have already
said that the Committee on the Territories, with
one exception, unanimously instructed me to
put this bill upon its passage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I want'to ask the
chairman of that committee this question: if
this bill is passed with this condition-subse-
quent, which attaches no penalty or forfeiture
for amolation of the condition on the State of
Nebraska, will it not be a nullity, or how will
it affect the status of that State when once
admitted?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That will be a
question for the courts, to determine.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to answer
my own question if the gentleman declines to
answer it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; I ask the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imove to
lay the bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion has priority
over the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That motion will
kill the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
kill it and all such bills.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 106, not voting
44; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Blaine, Boyer,
Campbell, Chauler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Kid-
ridge, Finelr, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Haw-
kins, Ilise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Johnson, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwieh, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Pike, itadioi d, Samuel J.
Randall, Raymond, Bitter, Rogers. Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Tabor, Nathaniel Q. Taylor, Trim-
ble, Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Winiield—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidweil, Bing-
•1mm, Boutwoll, liromwoll, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Bggleston, Farflu-
bar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Henderson, Hjgby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Chester D.IIubbard, Demas Hubbardn.John
H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence," William Lawrence, Jjoan, Jiongyear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin. Maynard.. McClnrg, Me-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants",
Price, William H. Randall,AlexanderH. Riee, John
H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofteld,
Spalding, Stokes, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Wapaer, Henry D. Wash-,
burn, "William B. Washburn. Welker, W.entworth,
WHaley; Williams,'James Wilson, and Stephen E.
Wilson—106. - -
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Boaman, Blow,
Brandegee, .Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Du-
mont, Eliot, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Hale, Harris,
Hayes, Hotchkiss. Asahcl W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Jones, Itelley, Kuykendall, Laflin, Mar-
shall, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Moorhead,
Morris, Newell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rousseau, Shcl-
labarger, SLoan, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Nelson
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Win-
dom, Woodbridge, and Wright—44.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire for infor-
mation : if the.eall for the previous question fails
to be secondied will the bill then be opeii for
debate and amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will, or for commit-
ment.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the House will
grant me, for the consideration of the Nebraska
and Colorado bills, some one day next week,
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
I will consent to a postponement of this bill
till that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any such arrangement.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I insist upon
my call for the previous question upon ordering
the bill to be read a third time.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes Gl, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, and Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-seven.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. INGERSOLL said: The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] gives up the count.
The SPEAKER. After the House has
ordered tellers upon a question no member
ean give up the count; but the tellers must
perform their duty.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There were sixty-five
in the negative.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
ask if the tellers have performed their full
duty?
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking the duty
of the tellers was not fully performed; but by
unanimous consent the House can regard the
announcement made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] one of the tellers,
that there were sixty-five voting in the nega-
tive, as a sufficient count.
Mr. RANDALL, of .Pennsylvania. There
were some twenty members waiting to pass
between the tellers who were not counted. I
insist that there shall be a full count made and
reported by the tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again
appoint tellers. Mr. Orth, of Indiana, and
Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, will please act
as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 89, noes 73.
So the call for the previous question was not
seconded. «
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose?
Mr. BLAINE. I want to move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] so as to have this bill referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I desire to
make that motion for the reason that the Com-
mittee on the Territories have already told us
plainly that they have made up their minds.
They have given us their unanimous verdict,
and-the House does not sustain it. The" point
at issue is a law point, and should properly be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope not.
' Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield to allow the
fentleman from Maine. [Mr. Blaise] to move
is amendment to my motion, and then the
House can dispose of it "as they may think
proper.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois so that
this bill may be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary ; and upon that motion I call the
previous question.
/The SPEAKER. If the call for the pre-
vious question should be seconded and the
main question ordered, then, if the motion to
refer should be voted down, the previous ques-
tion will not be exhausted till the third read-
in g of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and insist upon my mo-
tion to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is very evident
that the House desires to discuss tftis bill.
Now, if the House will grant me a day for the
consideration of this bill I will fix the day for
that purpose; I will have no objection to its
postponement and discussion. All I want is
to have a day named upon which I can have a
vote upon this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio will be adopted. There
can be nothing fairer than the course which he
proposes. He has done all that he can do in
this matter; and I trust the House will now -
fix some time for the consideration of this
important measure.
Mr. BLAINE. Let the bill take its regular
order as it may come from the committee on
call. I object to making it a special order,
which, I believe, requires unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that it will require unanimous consent
to make this a special order to take precedence
of anterior special orders.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When a special
order is reached can it not be postponed by
a majority vote?
The SPEAKER. It can. But at the pres-
ent time the House is not engaged in the con-
sideration of any special order; therefore the
motion to postpone a special order could not
be made now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to appeal
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to
withdraw his amendment to the motion to
refer. I do so for this reason: the Committee
on the Judiciary now have on hand more busi-
ness than they ean possibly get through with
during this session; they will be compelled in
a short time to ask leave to sit during the ses-
sions of the House. Therefore I hope this
bill will be allowed to take the course usually
taken by bills of this character. Let it be
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. BLAINE. Let the House, if it chooses,
vote down my motion; I cannot consent to
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule with regard to the effect of the previous
question.
The Clerk road as follows:
" Its effects shall bo to put an end to all debate, and
to bring the House to a direct vote upon a motion to
commit, if sucli motion shall have been made; and if
this motion does not prevail, then upon amendments
reported by a committee, if any; then uponpending
amendments, and then upon the main question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will, by way of a
compromise, move that the bill, without being
made a special order, be postponed until next
