1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
sylvania, asking for the passage of a law allow-
ing pensions to soldiers who have lost their
discharges; which were printed, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
change of collection districts.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 347, to change certain collection
districts in Maryland and Virginia, for the pur-
pose of having it referred.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
commercial marine.
_Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the commercial marine of the United
States is reported to be in a languishing condition,
and there exists also great depression in the ship-
building interest owing to the legislative aetion of
foreign Governments and other causes: Therefore,
Itesohed, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into
the expediency of amending tho tariff act by a pro-
vision to the offcct that all goods imported in Amer-
ican bottoms shall be entitled to a rebate of ten por
eent. oi the duties imposed by said act.
message ritom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed tho House that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the House of the following titles with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A biU (H. R. No. 903) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June SO, 1868;
, A bill (H. R. No. 918) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (H. I?,. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service of the Government at Wash-
ington.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the^ following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 493) supplementary to an
act to establish the Treasury Department,
approved tho 2d of September, 1789 ;
An act (S. No. 527) to amend tho postal
laws, and for other purposes; and
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 103) to provide
in certain eases for the removal of alcohol from
bonded warehouses free from internal tax.
fees 01' examining surgeons.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llesohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
bo, and they are heroby, instructed to inquire into tho
propnoty of mcroasmg the lee now allowed to sur-
1"r.oxara,Dalion of applicants for pensions,
and that they report by bill or othorwise.
washington central market.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the bill of
the House No. 799, to incorporate the Central
Market Company in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, heretofore referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, was
ordered to be printed.
acts 0e missouri state militia.
Mr. NOBLL._ I ask unanimous consent to
submit for consideration at this time the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution:
sent companies of ?overnor of Missouri has
Statewhich mflifSf £. 80veral °°«nties of that
Therefo?™P<,rty and committ^  tter devastations^
Jpso/ved./rha.t a select committee of fiTO be an-
this1H,ouS°e.m<1Ulreint0 alleSati°ns and report to
Mr. GRINNELL. I object. •
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
will not ohgeot; this is a riot.
Mr. GBINNELL. Yes, a Democratic riot.
Mr. ELIOT. It is 'too late in the session
now to order an investigating committee.
Mr. LB BLOND. It is not too late to do
good.
Mr. NOELL. Will my resolution be printed ?
The SPEAKER. It will be printed in the
Globe, in the report of debates and proceedings.
Mr. NOELL. I ask permission to have also
printed in the Globe certain documents I have
in my possession relating to this subject.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
message erom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had concurred in the amend-
ments of the House to Senate joint resolution
No. 99, for the relief of Paul S. Forbes, under
his contract with the Navy Department for
building and furnishing the steam sloop-of-war
Idaho, with amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
civil government in louisiana.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I now call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill reported from the select Committee on
New Orleans Riots (H. R. No. 1162) for the
reestablishment of civil government in the
Stato of Louisiana. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Fufcx] to lay the bill on the table; upon
which motion the gentleman has called for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were—ayes thirteen.
Mr. BOYER. I call for tellers.
Mr. FINCK. I withdraw the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
The SPBAKER. The question now is upon
the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. Ujjon representations offriends
of the bill, I am willing to allow this bill to be
amended by striking out the section which pro-
vides for the admission into this House of a
delegate from Louisiana. I would inquire of
the Chair in what way I can accomplish mv
object?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will with-
draw the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, the question will recur upon
the motion to reconsider. Should that motion
prevail the bill will then be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. ELIOT. I will then withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
_ The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr.ELIOT. I now move to amend the bill
by striking out the twelfth section.
The section was as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That until tho
people of Louisiana shall be admitted to represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States under such
loyal and republican governmentas theUuitedStates
shall recognize and assume to guaranty, such people
shall be entitled to one delegate in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to bo elected at the first general election
provided for m this act by the qualified electors of
the State, as provided in this act. Such delegate
must bo a person who has the qualifications for and
could hold the office of Govemorunderthcprovisions
or tins act, and he shall have the same powers and
th^ United Stated delCgateS fr°m the Territ°™s
_ Mr. ELIOT. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof,^ the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I now renew the call for the
previous question on the bill.
. Mr. ELDRIDGE. We understood on this
side of the House that the bill was to be open
to debate if we consented to withdraw the
motion to lay tho bill upon the table.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not know upon what
ground the gentleman fr-om Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] has proceeded. I am aware of no
understanding of that kind upOtt the Subject.
I am perfetitly willing to state exactly wha^ I
should be glad to do if the House will sustain
me in it. I have no objection to have this bill
debated fofc one or two hours, if it will accom-
modate gerttletaen upon the other side. I
•would a'gteat deal rather have such debate as
may be satisfactory than to have a renewal of
scenes such as were had in this Hall a fort-
night or three weeks since. And if it will be
in accordance with the general wish of the
House I propose that the bill may be discussed,
and that the previous question may be seconded
in an hour and a half from this time. That is
giving as much time as, it seetns to me, we can
give at this period of the session, and I hope
it is as much as gentlemen on the other side
will feel disposed to ask.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman does
not call the previous question I call for the
regular order.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is upon the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, then, I will call for
the regular order as soon as the gentleman sits
down.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not mean to sit down.
[Laughter.}
The SPEAKER. This bill is the regular
order.
Mr. STEVENS. It will not be if the gen-
tleman allows it to be thrust aside.
The SPEAKER. This bill must be dis-
posed of before any other is taken up, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me ?
Mr. ELIOT. For what purpose?
Mr. LE BLOND. For an inquiry.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand from the
gentleman from Massachusetts flhat he pur-
poses in the course of an hour and'a half to
put this bill upon its passage and cut off all
further debate, intimating that that is sufficient
time for the discussion of the bill. Now, sir,
I do not pretend to understand what the mi-
nority upon this side of the House propose to
do. I can speak only for myself in this matter.
But when a bill of the magnitude of the one
now under consideration is proposed to be
put through this House, permitting no more
than an hour and a half of debate upon it, it
seems to me that it is time for the minority
here to assert, to some extent at least, the
rights that belong to them.
I am a,ware that on the other side of the
House it is urged as a pretext for hurrying this
bill through that we are approaching very near
to the close of the session, and that as yet no
policy for the reconstruction of the southern
States has been adopted. Well, sir, let me
say that the minority are free from any blame
upon that subject. Immediately on the organ-
ization of the Thirty-Ninth Congress the ma-
jority here took it upon themselves to establish
a Reconstruction Committee and refer to that
committee all matters relating to the recon-
struction of those States. Thus all proposi-
tions looking to a restoration of those States
to their rightful places in the Union were swal-
lowed up. There the subject has remained
from that day to this, except that now and then
there has been reported a bill that was odious
even to the majority.
Mr. SPALDING. J rise to a question of
order. I do not think that the remarks of my
colleague are in the nature of an inquiry to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; they are not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to resume the floor
whenever he chooses.
it SPALDING. I appeal to him to resume
the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, it is hardly neces
SaX colleague to be quite so sensitive.
_ Mr. SPALDING. I object to so much "rig-
ging.'' ^ s
Mr. LE BLOND. ^ And let me say there has
been little else done in this Congress than " rig-
