1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
Thursday after the morning hour, and that it be
printed.
Several Members, That is right.
Mr. BLAINE. Can that be done by a major-
ity vote?
The SPEAKER. It can. The Chair, how-
ever, deems it proper to state that if the motion
be adopted the bill willprobably not be reached
this session.
Mr. BLAINE. When the bill shall be
reached will not the first question be upon the
motion to refer to the Judiciary Committee?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone to a
certain day has priority of a motion to commit
or amend.
Mr. BLAINE. Does it obliterate the motion
to commit ?
The SPEAKER. It leaves the motion to
commit pending as the first question whenever
the bill may be reached. A motion to postpone
indefinitely comes in after a motion to commit;
but a motion to postpone to a day certain has
priority of a motion to commit.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Do I understand
the Chair to say that, if my motion be adopted,
we shall be unable to reach the bill ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the bill, if postponed, would probably not be
reached during this session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
what we want.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew it.
On the motion there were—ayes 51, noes 75.
Mr. PINCK called for tellers.
Tellers were^iot ordered.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit the question whether
the motion of the gentleman from Maine is in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Under the rules,
I believe, all questions pertaining to territo-
rial matters and to the admission of States
must be referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BLAINE. And all legal questions to
the Committee on the Judiciary. If the gen-
tleman wants to divide the question I will
agree that the amendments shall go the Judi-
ciary Committee and the bill to the Territorial
Committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
itseems by the rule the Committee on the Terri-
tories has special charge of the question before
the House. He will not, however, decide the
matter, but leave it to the determination of the
House.
The rule concerning the Committee on the
Judiciary is as follows:
" 83. It shall be the duty of tho Committee on the
Judiciary to take into consideration such petitions
and matters or things touching judicial proceedings
as shall be presented, or may come in question, and
be referred to them by the House; and to report their
opinion thereon, together with such propositions
relative thereto as to them shall seem expedient."
Mr. BLAINE. That meets the point exactly.
The SPEAKER. The rule concerning the
Committee on the Territories is as follows:
"91. It shall bo the duty of the Committee on the
Territories to examine into the legislative, civil, and
criminal proceedings of the Territories, and to devise
and report to the House such means as in their opinion
may be necessary to secure tho rights and privileges
of residents and non-residents."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
be in order to refer it to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be; although the House can refer to what-
ever committee it pleases.
As the gentleman from Maine would seem
to indicate by the remark he let drop that
the Judiciary was the proper committee, tho
Chair will state that the language creating the
Committee on the Judiciary seems to have
39tiiCono. 2d Sess.—No. 2C>.
been special iu its character. It is provided
that that committee shall take into considera-
tion such petitions and matters or things touch-
ing judicial proceedings as shall be presented
or may come in question, and be referred to
them by the House; and to report their opin-
ion thereon, together with such propositions
relative thereto as to them shall seem expedi-
ent. Four times in the course of tlie rule ref-
erence is made to judicial proceedings and
judicial proceedings alone. But it is for the
House to determine what committee it will
refer it to.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaise's
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and it was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the motion
to refer to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. ROSS. I move to refer it to the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. As that is a select com-
mittee, the question will first recur on referring
it to the standing committee.
Mr. BUND Y moved that the House adjourn.
extra compensation to clerks.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House, information concerning the disburse-
ment of the fund of $250,000 and $160,000 as
extra compensation to clerks in his Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 508) to regulate the elect-
ive franchise in the Territories of the United
States; and
An act (H. R. No. 830) to fix the times for
the regular meeting of Congress.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think there will be a
Republican caucus in this House this evening.
[Laughter.]
The motion to adjourn was agreed to, and
(at ten minutes to four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &e.. were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Hon. A. H.
Jones, member of Congress elect, and 1,438 others,
loyal people of western North Carolina, asking that
the loyal people thereof be granted the privilege
and power of forming a new State; or, if that is not
granted, that the whole State be reorganized on a
loyal basis alone.
By Mr. ALLEY: The petition of Henry K. Oliver,
and 157 others, for amendment of the Constitution.
Also, the petition of Samuel Calley, and 46 others,
for inquiring into the conduct of the President.
By Mr. BROOM ALL: The petition of 1,249 citizens
of the seventh congressional district of that State,
the counties of Chester and Delaware, praying Con-
gress to amend the internal revenue law by abolish-
ing the tax of five per cent, on manufactures and the
products of mechanical skill.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of the State Historical
Society of Wisconsin, for a change in the postal laws.
Also, tho petition of citizens of Crawford county,
Wisconsin, for improvement of water communica-
tions between the Mississippi valley and the Atlan-
tic sea-board.
Also, the petition from citizens of Wiota, La Fay-
ette county, Wisconsin, that the currency may be let
alone.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of C. W. Gibson,
and 36 others, citizens of Bay City, Michigan, ask-
ing Congress not to withdraw or curtail the circula-
tion of the national currency.
Also, the petitionofHon. N.B.Bradley, O.A. Bal-
lou.and IS others, of the same place, praying Con-
gress in behnlf of the same object.
By Mr. CULLOM: Tho petition and other papers
of Allen Harper, ashing Congress to allow him com-
pensation for services in the military service of the
United States.
By Mr. DEMING: Tho petition of inhabitants of
Little Rock, Arkansas, to be relieved from an unjust
tax sale.
Also, the petition of cigar manufacturers of Duf-
field, Connecticut, to bo relieved from ad valorem tax
on cigars.
By Mr. DONNELLY: Tho petition of citizens of
Minneapolis and St. Anthony, in Minnesota, that no
curtailment of the national cuirency be made by
Congress, and that the national brinks he not com-
pelled to redeem theirnotes in the city of New York.
Also, a similar petition fioiu cituons of Ramsey
county, Minnesota, and from the Board of Trade of
the city of St. Paul, in said county.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of John H. Boyn-
ton and John A. Brown, asking for the issue of an
American register to the bark Azelia.
By Mr. KASSON: The petition of W. G. Bentley,
and others, of Des Moines, Iowa, against curtailing
national currency, &c.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of H. Bronson,
late sergeant major thirty-seventh regiment United
States Army, for the equalization of county to sol-
diers who served in the war of 1812.
By Mr. LAWRENCE,of Ohio: The memorial of
the Leeds Manufacturing Company, of NewYork, in
relation to the manufacture of cudbear and other
coloring materials.
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of citizens of Savan-
nah and vicinity, in Andrew county, Missouri, against
the curtailment of the currency, &c.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of Hon. Charles
Barrett, and 502 others, of Windham county, Ver-
mont, praying for passage of tariff bill of last ses-
sion with rates therein proposed on wool, or some
bill with equal rates, if not higher, for the protection
of the wool interest.
Also, resolutions of the Wool-Growers Association
of Windham county, Vermont, asking Congress to
pass speedily a tariff measure to protect the wool
interest of the country.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Obadiah
Aderton, for a pension.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of 96 citizens of
Athens county. Ohio, asking Congress to refrain from
authorizing a further curtailment of the currency,
orcompelling the banks of theeountry to redeem their
notes in the city of New York.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of E. M. Peck,
R. H. Becker, and others, citizens of Ohio, on the sub-
ject of granting reenters to foreign-built ships.
By Mr.TROWBRIDGE: The petition of Dr. Ira
P. Bingham, and 100 others, citizens of Livingston
county, Michigan, praying for an inquiry into the
conduct of the President of the United States with a
view to an impeachment.
B^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois; The petition
of citizens of Morrison, Whiteside county, Illinois,
asking that no act be passed curtailing the national
currency, or compelling all national banks, where
ever located, to redeem theirnotes in New York, or
prohibiting them from paying or receiving interest
on bank balances.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of certain
manufacturers of the city of Chicago, asking to be
relieved from taxation.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 11, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented ten memorials of
manufacturers of wool and constructors of burr-
ing machines, remonstrating against an exten-
sion of the letters-patent of Stephen R. Park-
hurst, dated May 1, 1845, and now expired;
which were referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
He also presented the memorial of Robert
Carter, and seventy-one others, colored citi-
zens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, remon-
strating against the admission of Nebraska as
a State with a constitution which disfranchises
citizens on account of coloi; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
loyal citizens of Arkansas, in which they ask
Congress to declare the unrecognized govern-
ment of Arkansas abolished and of no effect,
and to confer upon the loyal persons of the
State the powers of the government; and they
farther ask Congress to declare the twenty-six
States now represented as entitled to legislate
for the whole conntry, as it devolved upon
those States to maintain the integrity of the
whole country by force of arms, and also to
declare, in accordance with this principle, tlie
pending constitutional amendment ratified by
a sufficient number of States, and therefore
part and parcel of the Constitution. Concur-
ring, as I do, most sincerely in the prayer of
these petitioners, I hope that the committee to
whom it shall be referred will take it into early
consideration. It seems to me, sir, tliat Con-
gress owes it to the country to bring forward
or to present some practical scheme by which
these sham governments in the rebel States
shall be superseded. They should be treated
as null and void. That is the firayer of this
petition, and I hope tho committee will act
upon it. I move its reference to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed fe *
