1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
ereignty as a nation. The ultra doctrine, that
all power in this Government belongs to the
States, has resulted in woes immeasurable to
this Government, in the loss of hundreds of
thousands of lives and millions of treasure.
And now when it is simply proposed that wo
shall.have a national bureau of education, the
old Calhoun doctrine of States rights must lie
held up, and it must be maintained that we are
encroaching upon the sovereignty of the States.
Sir, we need a center for our educational
system; and I do not know that I should have
said one word upon this subject but for the
fact that a very distinguished citizen of Great
Britain, upon a visit to our State capital at
Springfield, Illinois, made the statement to me
that he could not ascertain the statistics of edu-
cation in the United States. He could obtain
the reports of the superintendents of schools
of the various States, but he could obtain no
reliable data or statistics of the educational
position of the United States. We want this
as a central department to which the reports of
the various superintendents of schools of the
respective States shall be made, so that we
shall have collective information of all the
systems of schools in all the States, which we
may see at a glance, and which may be dis-
tributed and sent back to the States, with the
collective wisdom of all these State institu-
tions, for the benefit of the people. I repeat,
sir, that I regard this as a great measure, and
as calculated to have a beneficial effect upon
the country now and hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
only, as I seem to have been misunderstood
by Senators in some remarks that I made as
■ to what this nation had done for the education
of the children of the land. They seem to
suppose that this is a bill to take that subject
entirely out of the control of the States. It is
not so by any means. It is merely, as my col-
league has remarked, to establish a center for
the dissemination of information among the
States as to improvements in the way of build-
ing school-houses, in methods of imparting
education, and giving a history of the dispo-
sition of the vast amount of property which
the nation has donated for purposes of educa-
tion. I think it will be very important for the
States and Territories to know what dispo-
sition has been made of the school lands in
Illinois and Alabama, to see which State has
managed them most judiciously. Let the other
States have the benefit of this knowledge. We
learn from history. This is to establish a cen-
ter from whence may be disseminated infor-
mation on this most important subject. I do
not wish to take time, and as another bill is
pressing I trust we may have the question on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California, and I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand, then, from
the Senator from Illinois that the information
he seeks to obtain, if this bill shall pass, will
be merely second-hand information that is col-
lected from the superintendents of the common
schools of the different States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there will be a
great deal more than that. That is one thing.
Mr. GRIMES. What other information is
to be got?
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I said, I do not wish
to take up the time of the Senate. I suppose
this 
Mr. GRIMES. I make this inquiry in view
of the suggestion thrown ont by the Senator's
colleague, who speaks of it as being the great
central depot of information and influence and
control for all the common schools throughout
the land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not understand
my colleague to state that it was to control 
Mr. GRIMES. That was the inference to
be drawn from what he said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He stated that itwas to
kg g C6nt6r
Mr. GRIMES. To which a foreigner who
sought information at his State capital could
come and obtain accurate information in re-
I gard to the condition of the public schools in
all the States of the Union.
! Mr. TltUMBULL. Yes, sir; I hope it
will be.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to know is
whether this bureau or department, or what-
ever it may be called, if it shall be organized,
will have its own agents in the respective States
so as to obtain accurate information that can
be relied on by these foreigners, or whether
that information is to be secured at second-
hand through the superintendents' reports
issued at the various State capitals.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all prior
orders be postponed to take up the Army ap-
propriation bill. I wish to state to the Senate
i that it is very necessary that the appropriation
bills should be out of our way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote on
this bill. I think there is no disposition to dis-
| euss it further.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thisbill is now out of
order because the unfinished business of yes-
terday takes precedence of it, and 1 want to
discuss this matter myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to go on and finish this bill.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say to the
| Senate that we have now four or five legislative
I days left. We have got these bills to dispose
of. I am just notified by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the other
House that the tax bill has passed there and
i will be here to-day, and the Committee on
Finance must be in continual session on that
J bill for two or three days, I suppose, in order
to prepare it for the consideration of the Sen-
" ate. I desiro to report to-day, if possible, the
: bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses, and that will also take time. This
Army appropriation bill should be disposed of
promptly. The bill for the regulation of the
currency is also to be disposed of. There are
yet two appropriation bills to come from the
other House, the deficiency bill and the naval
appropriation bill. I say to the Senate if they
expect to pass these bills they must proceed
with them. It is impossible for me to attend
to all these things; I must have some of them
out of the vvay. When they are disposed of
the Senate can go on with these other matters,
which certainly can be deferred and are not of
pressing necessity. I move that the Senate
suspend all prior orders with a view to take up
the Army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the regular
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regular
order of business is the motion made by the
Senator from Maine, to postpone the present
and all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, as I understand the rules,
is now before the Senate. Am I not correct?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. According
to the rules, on the expiration of the morning
hour the unfinished business of yesterday is
before the Senate; but the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine is to postpone its further con-
sideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understood that; but
the unfinished business of yesterday, the Niag-
ara ship-canal bill, being now before the Sen-
ate, I wish to submit some remarks. The Sen-
ator from Maine last night not only moved an
adjournment but the Committee on Finance
carried that adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Maine did not move an adjournment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, he voted for it
with a perfect knowledge that the Niagara
ship-canal bill was to be the order of business
this morning. If the Committee on Finance
could afford to adjourn last night when we
were ready for a Vote on the Niagara ship-
canal bill, they can afford to wait with their
business until we get a vote on that bill to-day;
and I intend to antagonize it not only against
this appropriation bill, but against any appro-
priation bill that the Senator from Maine may
bring up. It was a member of the Committee
on Finance that threatened us with a two hours
speech or with reading books for two hours to
defeat the Niagara ship-canal bill. Sir, I con-
sider that bill as of more importance to this
nation than any bill that is now in the posses-
sion of the Committee on Finance.
Mf. President, the fact is that the ave-
nues of communication are totally insufficient
for the commerce of this nation. Thirty-three
years ago, when I emigrated to Michigan, then
a Territory, it contained a population of less
than forty thousand inhabitants, and that Ter-
ritory included the present States of Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota. At that time we
imported from Ohio all the provisions which
we ate. Then the great State of New York
had dug a ditch; literally it was entitled to no
other name. That ditch was a great benefit to
commerce. It was perhaps large enough for
the commerce that then existed; but in pro-
cess of time that commerce grew and increased
till that ditch was found to be insufficient, and
the State of New York dug a canal. But be-
fore she had completed her canal, the com-
merce exceeded the capacity of that canal.
Then, sir, line after line of railroad was built,
reaching out to the commerce of the Northwest,
and all these lines of communication have be-
come literally glutted with that enormous com-
merce ; and the requirements of that com-
merce now demand that a ship-canal shall be
built around the falls of Niagara.
Sir, New York is a great State; but she is
not large enough to block up the commerce
of the Northwest. That commerce must and
will find its proper avenue to the markets of
the world. It is a disgrace to this nation that
we should depend upon the little Province of
Upper Canada for our communication between
these great waters. The commerce of the
lakes to-day amounts to more than one hun-
dred million dollars. It employs one thou-
sand eight hundred ships and more than twenty
thousand sailors in its prosecution. Hereto-
fore we were compelled to use ships of a small
size, perhaps of three or four hundred tons;
but a few years ago, through the beneficence
of Congress, the channel through the St. Clair
flats was deepened, and now we are building
ships of a thousand tons, ships of the capacity
of forty or fifty thousand bushels, and we re-
quire a canal large enough to take those ships
from Lake Erie into Lake Ontario. Last year
we raised in the Northwest seven hundred
million bushels of corn, one hundred and sev-
enty-five million bushels of wheat, two million
hogs, and other things in proportion. The
mind is almost lost in the contemplation of
the vastness of this commerce. It was no
longer ago than last year that, notwithstand-
ing all of these lines of communication were
open, their capacity was so much overtaxed
that the railroad companies centering in Buf-
falo, after filling all the warehouses in the city
of Buffalo, were obliged to hire land, and the
beef and pork and other articles from the
Northwest were piled up by acres. The ca-
pacity of the depots there was totally insuffi-
cient.
If this canal were built, and large vessels
enabled to pass around the falls at Niagara, it
would lessen the cost of transportation upon
every bushel of our corn and wheat at least
five cents. It is well known that small ves-
sels are navigated at a relatively much larger
expense than large vessels. A ship of the
capacity of forty or fifty thousand bushels
costs but about twice as much to run it as a
vessel of the capacity of ten thousand bushels.
I hope that the motion of the Senator from
Maine will not prevail, but that the Senate will
stand by the Niagara ship-canal bill until it is
passed ; and if the Senator from New Y ork
desires to read documents here for two hours
let him read them, but let us stand by the bill
until it is passed. Then wo will agree to take
