404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. CRAG-IN. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will find, if he will read the text of the
original bill, that these officers are to be
appointed for four years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for tie yeas and
nays on my amendment..
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 23 ; as follows:
, YEAS—Messrs. Buckaiew, Hendricks, Johnson,
Norton, Patterson, and Saulsbury—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
Sherman, Spraf-uc, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle,
WadeJ'Wiltey, and Williams—23.
ABSE5TT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Cres-
well, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, 3?essenden, Fogg,
ftutn^e, Harris, Henderson, Kirkwood, McDougall.
Nesmith, Nye. Poland, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Koss,
Trumlrall, Wilson, and Yates—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
> Mr. SUMNBE. The bill under considera-
tion is very good as far as it goes. It is only
applicable to pension agents. I see no reason
why we should not apply the same principle to
other officers. I called attention to this point
the other day and gave notice of an amendment
which at a proper time I should move. It
seems to me indeed that the abuse, if I may so
express myself^ has been, if possible, greater
with regard to other ofiioers than it has been
even with regard to pension agents; but with-
out pretending to say whether it has been
greater or less, we roust all be resolved that
there has been an abuse. We know perfectly
well that when the President returned from his
eccentric journey to the West this last autumn,
he signalized his arrival in Washington by an
attempt to carry out what he had promised to
do in one of his speeches; in other words, to
"kick" Republicans " out" of office. Now, it
seems to me that Congress owes this duty to
the country to protect these men so far as it
can. Now if we take to ourselves the power
which under the Constitution is given to us with
regard to officers of requiring that they shall
be appointed by«and with the advice*and eon-
sent of the Senate, we shall do something in
the way of throwing a shield over the citizens
who formerly held office, and who, in pursuance
of the promise of the President at St. Louis,
have been "kicked out." I use language
which certainly I should not employ as my
own. I use it in quotation marks; it is the
language of the President of the United States.
To meet that class of cases I send to the Chair
an amendment which I desire to have come in
at the end.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Sumner, which was to add to the House amend-
ment as an additional section the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all other
agents or officers appointed by the President or by
the head of any Department whose salary or com-
pensation derived from fees or otherwise exceeds
$1,000 annually, shall be appointed bytho President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and the term of office of all such officers appointed
since the 1st day of July, 1866, shall expire at the end
of thirty days from the passage of this act: Provided,
That this is not applicable to clorks of the Depart-
ments.
Mr. HOWE. I only rise to inquire if that
is an amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Massachusetts to
move it so.
Mr. MORRTLL. It occurs to me now that
my colleague [Mr. Fessendeu] expressed an
interest in this measure when it was up the
other day, and having sent to him I learn that
he is engaged in the Supreme Court room. I
suggest this fact and should be very glad if the
Senator who has charge of it would allow this
matter to pass over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is at fault in not calling up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, the morning hour having
expired. The business properly before the
Senate is the bill (S. No. 453) regulating the
tenure of offices.
MESSAGE TR03I THE HOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 822) for the relief of Tim-
othy Leyden;
A bill (H. R. No. 823) for the relief of John
A. Dawson, of Mount Sterling, Kentucky ;
A,bill (H. R. No. 824) for the relief of Ed-
ward Blanchard; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa. '
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolution ; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the follow-
ing be added to the joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be a Joint Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to consist of five members
on the part of the Senate and seven on the part of
the House, whose duty it shall be to consider all sub-
jects relating to the public edifices and grounds within
the city of Washington -which may be referred to them
and report their opinion thereon, together with such
propositions relating thereto as may seem to them
expedient.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 822) for the relief of Tim-
othy Leyden;
A bill (H. R. No. 823) for the relief of John
A. Dawson, of Mount Sterling, Kentucky;
A bill (H. R. No. 824) for the relief of Ed-
ward Blanchard; and
A bill (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa.
TENURE Of OFFICE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
453) to regulate the tenure of offices, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Howard to the amendment reported by
the joint committee on retrenchment. The
amendment to the amendment was in section
two, line eleven, after the word "Senate" to
insert the following:
And shall require of such person bond with suffi-
cient surety or sureties for the faithful discharge of
his official duties under such temporary appointment,
if such bond be required by law of the person sus-
pended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Michigan a little modification of that, not
only to cover the bond, but the testoath that is
required, and to avoid the use of the word
"appointment," inasmuch as we do not by
the bill treat these temporary designations as
appointments. I would, therefore, with the
approval of my friend from Michigan, if he
shail approve it when he hears it, suggest as a
substitute for his amendment the insertion of
these words in the very same place :
And such person so designated shall takctho oaths
and give the bonds required by law to be taken
and given by the person duly appointed to fill such
office.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With that modification
I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Michigan
as accepting the proposed amendment of the
Senator from Vermont ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
the power of the Senator from Michigan to
adopt it as part of his own amendment, and
the question then is on the amendment, as
modified, to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
the amendment reported by the committee by
adding to it the sections which I send to the
Chair. They have been prepared in accord-
ance with the suggestions made by gentlemen
interested in the bill yesterday afternoon,
which it appeared to the committee would
have been better in another bill; lint yielding
with pleasure to those suggestions, we have
prepared these sections with a view to cover,
the points which were referred to yesterday.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
to the amendment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That if any person shall,
contrary to the provisions of this act, accept any
appointment to or employment in any office, or shall
hold or exercise, or attempt to hold or exercise any
such office or employment, he shall be deemed and
is hereby declared to be guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and he shall be punished therefor by a fine not ex-
ceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding
five years, or both said punishments, in the discretion
of the court.
And be it further enacted. That every removal, ap-
pointment, or employment made, had, or exercised
contrary to the provisions of this act, and the making,
signing, sealing, countersigning, or issuingofany com-
mission or letter of authority for or in lespect to any
such appointment or employment, shall be deemed
and arehereby declared to behigh misdemeanors, and
every person guilty thereof shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five years, or both said punishments, in
the discretion of the court.
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate at the close of each
session thereof to deliver to the Secretary of theTreas-
ury and to each of his Assistants and to each of the
Auditors and to each of the Comptrollers in the Treas-
ury, and to the Treasurer, and to the Register of the
Treasury, a full and complete list, duly certified, of
all persons who shall have been nominated to and
rejected by the Senate during such session, and alike
list of all the offices to which nominations shall have
been made and not confirmed and filled at such
session.
And be it further enacted. That whenever the Pres-
ident shall, without the advice and consent of the
Senate, designate, authorize, or employ any person
to perform the duties of any office he shall forthwith
notify the Secretary of the Treasury thereof, and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
thereupon to communicate such notice to all the
proper accounting and disbursing officers of his De-
partment.
And be it farther enacted, That no money shall be
paid or received from the Treasury, or paid or re-
ceived from or retained out of any public moneys or
funds of the United States, whether in the Treasury
or not, to or by or for the benefit of any person ap-
pointed to or authorized to act in or holding or exer-
cising the duties or functions of any office contrary to
the provisions of this act: nor shall any elaim. ac-
count, voucher, order, certificate, warrant, or other
instrument providing for or relating to such pay-
ment. receipt, or retention be presented, passed,
allowed, approved, certified, or paid by any officer
of the United States or by any person exercising the
functions or performing the duties of any office or
place of trust under the United States for orin respect
to such office or the exercising or performing the tune-
tionsor duties thereof: and every person who shall
violate any of the provisions of this section shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding ten years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of the court.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member who proposes the amendment had
better follow what I believe has been the pre-
cedent in all such cases, and provide that the
punishment shall be inflicted upon trial and
conviction of the offense. As it stands, the
case is submitted to the court apparently, and
the court can award the punishment. The
result, of course, would be the same; they
would be obliged to try him by a jury under
the Constitution of the United States ; but it
might be held to give the power to the court
itself. I think the Senator will find upon look-
ing at the penal statutes that they always say
that jipon trial and conviction the punishment
shall be inflicted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I omitted these words in
drawing up this section in order to save what
appeared to me to be a useless superfluity;
because I supposed in the framing of a penal
statute that if you, in the first place, defined
an offense. and then declared what the punish-
ment of the offense should be, the general
principles of law operating upon the adminis-
tration of the affairs of justice would require
that before anybody could subject the offender
to punishment it must be judicially ascertained
that the crime had been committed, and that he
was the party who had committed the crime.
If there should be any doubt in the minds of
Senators upon that subject, as certainly there
was not in my mind, although 1 agree it is usual
to insert such words, but not universal, I should
have no objection to their being inserted. _ I
shall not resist a motion to amend by putting
them in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend it in that
way. It is better to follow the precedents.
