1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
up the appropriation bills, and we will not
move to adjourn; we will stay here late in the
night, or all night if it is necessary, to pass
your appropriation bills; but let this great
measure, this measure of vital importance to
the commerce of the West, be first passed, and
then it will be time enough to take up your
appropriation bills. I hope the pending motion
will not prevail, but that we shall proceed with
the consideration of the Niagara ship-canal
bill, and keep it before the Senate till the final
vote is taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was aware some-
what from my experience of what we should
have to meet during the residue of the ses-
sion. We probably all know that we must
be in session every evening, and that on some
• of the last nights of this week we may have to
stay up pretty much all night. We probably
shall have to do so two nights in succession at
any rate in order to get through with the busi-
ness. Last night at eleven o'clock, when I
knew perfectly well that the debate upon this
Niagara ship-canal bill was going on, and would
go on probably for hours, and when the Senate
was fast thinning out, I deemed it advisable to
vote for an adjournment which was moved,
because I thought we could not begin the week
in this way and hold out to the end, so as to
do the business we have got to do. Now, if
Senators agree that this Niagara ship-canal
bill is of more importance than any other bill
which has been passed or can be passed by
this Congress, of course they will take it up
and continue its consideration to the exclu-
sion of the ordinary business which must be
done if we would carry on the Government at
all. I believe the Senator from Michigan told
us yesterday that the appropriation in a bill
which he had then in charge for the harbor at
Lac la Belle was the most important of any
appropriation in that bill, and that it should
pass. I think the Senate did not come to his
conclusion, and I believe he did not even call
a division on the question. It went overboard
by common consent as a matter grossly im-
proper. I mention that to show that the Sen-
ator's opinion is not always infallible; that he
may entertain an opinion different from that
of the majority of the Senate, and that he may
do so in this instance. The majority, however
important they may think this bill, may not
think it more important than all other busi-
ness which has come before the Senate at this
session or that can come before it. That is a
matter of opinion upon which we may differ.
At any rate, last night this bill, involving the
expenditure of some six million dollars, to be
placed in the hands of a private corporation
for a great public work, was taken up at ten
o'clock at night, when it might, at the will of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, have been taken up at any time
during the day had he seen fit to do so. It
was taken up at a time when the Senate was
not as full as it usually is; and I did not deem
it advisable, when my vote was called for, to
stay all night on such a bill and hear two-hour
speeches which were threatened when we had
so much other business to do; and therefore I,
voted substantially to have it go over until this
morning, giving notice that I should move this
morning to take up the Army appropriation
bill.
Now, sir, to me personally it is a matter of
indifference. I have a certain amount of phys-
ical strength which I am willing to expend for
the benefit of the country (if it be so regarded)
in laboring upon these bills to get them passed.
There is a point beyond which I have not power
to go. 1 have not the physical endurance of
some men, and everybody knows that during
the last week of the session vastly more labor
must necessarily come upon me individually,
from the position that I happen perhaps un-
worthily to occupy as chairman of the Com-
# mittee on Finance, than upon anybody else,
for I must see personally to all these bills that
are in process of being passed at the close
of the session. I repeat, that long as my
strength holds out I am willing to devote it to
that purpose; but it is beyond my power to go
so far perhaps as the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Commerce could do were
he in my position. I have not the physical
or the mental capacity which would enable me
to endure so much as he could endure under
like circumstances. Therefore, as I know
what I have got to do and what the Commit-
tee on Finance have got to do, as I know that
to-day or to-morrow morning at the furthest
they must take up the tax bill which is coming
from the House of Representatives, and devote
their time both day and night to that, and then
bring it into the Senate and endeavor to pass it,
with all the other things that they have to do,
I only say that these bills which are now before
the Senate, and which we have reported, must
be out of the way, for members of the Commit-
tee on Finance, while considering the tax bill,
cannot come into the Senate to attend to these
other measures. I think, then, it is not unrea-
sonable for me to ask the Senate to take up
these bills and let us dispose of them, and
then, after they are disposed of, if there is
time, the Senate can proceed with the other
bills gentlemen desire to have considered,
which, however important, are not essential to
carrying on the Government, as are these to
which I have called attention.
Having said thus much, and having last night
given notice of the motion which I now make,
I submit the matter to the Senate, and they will
decide. If they choose not to do what I have
asked, the Senate must take up these bills as
they see fit, but probably without the aid (if
aid I might be able to give) which I could
nfllOTWlCP TPTiflPr
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is well
known that the appropriation bills which are
in charge of the Senator from Maine must and
will go through. They are always crowded into
the last days of the session, but they always
pass; they never fail. The Senator says that I
may be mistaken. I do not claim to be infalli-
ble. I did state yesterday that I considered the
Lac la Belle appropriation of vast importance;
and I do now; and I believe that when the
Senate come to understand it precisely as it is
they will think as I do ; but the Senate differed
from me with regard to Lac la Belle, and I
acquiesced in their decision of course as grace-
fully as I could. But the Niagara ship-canal
bill if it gets the go-by now as a matter of
course is disposed of for the session. It is a
House bill; it simply requires the action of the
Senate. The vote could be taken in five min-
utes if the opponents of the bill would let it be
taken. I proposed last night to submit it with-
out discussion. I did not say one word in its
favor. I propose to submit it without discus-
sion now. I have no remarks to make upon the
bill. All I ask is a vote, and I think I am en-
titled to that vote. The Senator well knows
that all important measures are passed at night
sessions. It is true I might have called up this
bill yesterday to the exclusion of other business
of the Committee on Commerce; bat if I had
brought it up in the morning the discussion
would have lasted all of the day and through
the night, and at ten o'clock I should have been
no nearer a vote than I was by taking it up at
ten o'clock. If the Senator had remained with
me, or if he had quietly gone away and taken
his rest and recuperated his physical and men-
tal strength, I should not have objected to it;
in fact, it would have suited me rather better,
for if he stayed I knew he would vote against
the bill, and if he was away he could not do any
harm.
Of course, sir, if I am voted down now, I
shall not try to bring up the Niagara ship-canal
bill again this session ; the success of this mo-
tion is the defeat of the bill. I therefore ask
the friends of the bill to stand by it now and
let us act upon it at the earliest possible mo-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. It is quite unpleasant to
Senators to be called upon to vote as between
their associates in this body upon questions
involving the precedence of business. Ordi-
narily the honorable Chairman of the Finance
Committee has his own way in this body and
is entitled to have it, representing as he does
the most important part of our legislation;
but it does seem to me that the measure in
charge of the Senator from Michigan has been
before Congress long enough and has sufficient
strength in this body. I do not know that
there is a majority of Senators in its favor, but
it has a sufficient number of Senators who
advocate it to entitle it to a vote. I feel that
that is the case, and I shall therefore so act as
to procure a vote upon the subject. It is a bill
that has stood in no small degree in the way
of legislation in this body. It is very much
like what the Louisiana bill was for a week—
thrown in the face of the Senate against all
other business from time to time—a very for-
midable impediment. I believe that the Sen-
ate can vote as intelligently upon this bill to-
day as they can at any time, and I trust we
can get a vote upon it and dispose of it. If it
be voted down, that is the end of it; but if it
be voted up, so to speak, then it is the opinion
of the Senate, and the Senate have a right to
express their opinion in that way.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think, sir, there
is any danger that the appropriation bill to
which the honorable Senator from Maine has
alluded will fail of being acted Upon at thia
session. There is time enough for the Senate
to act upon both of these measures. The
Niagara ship-canal bill is one of great im-
portance, as everybody knows. It was fully
discussed at the previous session of Congress,
and I am not aware that there is any gentleman
present who wishes to occupy the time of the
Senate greatly in the rediscussion nf that sub-
ject ; and I do think, considering the import-
ance of the measure, the deep interest which
every western and northwestern man has in its
passage, it is due to us that we take up the bill
and endeavor to pass finally upon it. If there
be a majority of the Senate in favor of it, let
us say so; if there be a majority opposed to it,
let us say so ; and satisfy the people who are
so deeply interested in it that we intended at
least to pay them the respect of acting upon
it. I do not wish to spend the time of the
Senate in discussing it, but I ask the Senate to
come to a vote upon it. Then I shall be quite
ready to take up any other bill that may be
pressing upon our attention; but I think we
ought in justice and fairness to pay it the re-
spect of at least voting upon it.
Mr. BROWN. I have not taken any of the
time of the Senate in discussing this measure,
and do not propose to do so now. I will say,
however, that I am one of those who repre-
sent a State whose commerce will be largely
affected bv the passage of this bill, and that
while I would be perfectly willing to vote an
appropriation out of the Treasury of the United
States to construct a canal around the falls of
Niagara, and to put it under the charge and
the control-of the Government of the United
States, predicated upon the idea that it was to
be free for all commerce, yet I never will,
representing the State of Missouri and its com-
merce, consent to the establishment of a toll-
gate in private hands, which shall levy its
tribute on all commerce of the whole West for
an indefinite time to come. If the gentlemen
will so modify their bill as to put it in that
sh'ape, that the work shall be under the control
of the United States, and take a direct appro-
priation from the Government, I will join with
them heartily; but to put it into the hands of
a private corporation, who may hereafter levy
their tolls ad libitum, I for one can never eon-
sent to it.
Mr. MORRILL. It is perhaps fair to my
honorable friend, who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, that I should say a word
on this subject. I Jiave stood by the chairman
in his efforts to get this bill before the Senate,
and have invariably voted to bring it to the
attention of the Senate whenever he has made
the motion, and I staid here last night, ant^
was willing to stay till morning if it were neces-
sary ; but I feel called upon now to say (in
reply to the intimation of my honorable friend
