406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
I throw out these suggestions to the gentle-
waft from-Vermont in the hope that he will
make an amendment of his present amendment
so as to fix a minimum to the penalties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot agree to that
amendment,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
what the precise amendment is.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is to add
several additional sections to the substitute
reported by the committee.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood the Senator
from Michigan to make a motion.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state for the infor-
mation of the Senate that the pending ques-
tion now is on these additional penal sections,
which were submitted by me in accordance
with the wish expressed yesterday afternoon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragijr, Creswell, Edmunds, Fogg, Foster ,Fre-
linghuysen, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Wade, Willcy, and Williams—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Norton, Patterson, Kiddle, Saulsbury, and
Van Winkle—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessendcn, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Har-
ris, MeDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy,
Boss, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is upon the amendment reported by
the committee as amended by the Senate.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, I had prepared an
amendment yesterday to come in at the same
place as the one offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Shermax.] That amendment was
^withdrawn, but perhaps with the intention of
offering it again.
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better offer
yours.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. My amendment meets
the object of the Senator from Ohio, and has
some further provisions. It is in section one,
line ten, after the word "office" to insert:
For a term of four years from the date of his ap-
pointment, unless a different term or tenure is pre-
scribed by the Constitution or by law, and in any
cose.
So that the section, if amended, will read:
That.every person (excepting the Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the At-
torney General) holding any civil office to which ho
has been appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is and shall he
entitled to hold such office for a term of four years
from the date of his appointment, unless a different
term or tenure is prescribed by the Constitution or
by law, and in any case until a successor shall have
been in like manner appointed and duly qualified,
except as herein otherwise provided.
The effect of this amendment, if adopted,
will be this; that the terms of all offices that
now have not a fixed term will be made four
years. Of course there is nothing in it to pre-
vent a different term being fixed by law for
any offices hereinafter created. Another effect
will be that every officer will come up for ap-
pointment or reappointment at least once in a
presidential term, and of course will also come
before the Senate for confirmation or recon-
firmation at least once in a presidential term.
I think this is perfectly fair on both sides as
between the Senate and the President, and
therefore it ought to be adopted. It also pro-
vides or retains what I believe is the provision
intended by the committee, that all officers,
whether their terms are fixed under this, amend-
ment or whether they have been previously
fixed by law or the Constitution, except those
that are excepted in the body of the commit-
tee's amendment, shall hold their offices until
their successors are appointed—that has be-
come a very usual provision in our State and
municipal laws and constitutions—so that there
shall never be an interregnum in th,e office
unless occasioned by death or something of
that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know, speaking
personally and for myself, th^t I have any
objection to so much of the amendment as pro-
poses that all officers who are not now four-
year men shall be such; but I think the effect
of the amendment of the Senator introduced
in the place where he proposes to introduce it
would be a little greater than what he seems to
suppose himself. I think the effect would be,
first, to continue from this date for four years
the holding of any office by any person whose
time may be almost out already. I only heard
it read once, and I may be mistaken about
that, but I fear from the collocation of the
words in the original amendment that that
would be the effect.
Then I think another effect would be to pre-
clude the President and the Senate, acting to-
gether and in harmony, from removing any such
officer until the four years were expired. That
was a provision which the committee had under
consideration. Butthey thoughtit wiser for the
present, at least, to leave the right of removal,
which now by law is vested in the President at
any time within the four years, to be still exer-
cised by the President and the Senate in conjunc-
tion at any timeduringthe session. The effect of
the amendment would be to fix the duration of
every office for the term of four years, and it
makes no provision for any interference by the
President and the Senate together, no matter
how urgent may be the motives which would
lead them to act if they had the power, while
the bill, as it stands as reported by the com-
mittee, merely declares that these officers
named shall be entitled to hold their office
until a successor shall have been in like man-
ner, that is, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, duly appointed; and then it pro-
vides at the end that this shall not be construed
to extend the term of any office. I would suggest
to my friend from West Virginia whether he
intends to have his amendment produce such
results as I have named.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Certainly not. I am
not sure that I understood the Senator dis-
tinctly as to his first objection ; but the effect
of this amendment will certainly be to make
all terms that are not now fixed by law or the
Constitution last for four years. That is in
accordance, I believe, with the precedents in
the cases of more than one class of officers.
Most offices are for four years; but assessors
and collectors of internal revenue have no fixed
terms; and I think the amendment is important
in that respect, that there ought to be a period
of time fixed for the term of that class of
officers at least. I do not think it interferes
at all with the right of removal, or at least I
acted under the supposition that that was other-
wise provided for in the bill. Removals are
only to take place for cause. This amendment
certainly does not interfere with that. The last
section, or a portion of it, may perhaps be
dispensed with if this amendment be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot vote for this
amendment, but it is only because I think the
policy which it inaugurates is altogether wrong.
I do not know that any statute ever passed has
created more trouble and done more mischief
than that fixing a short, term of office for
these several appointees. The whole country is
agitated in advance of the termination of the
office; the President, or those who have the
power to confer office are called upon ; and
frequently the pressure is so great that they
are unable to resist, and new officers are put
into the Departments. The result—I think I
speak from knowledge—is that the business of
the Government is not half as well managed
as it was before this system was introduced.
It is only for that reason that I shall vote
against the amendment. I concur with my
friend from West Virginia that it will not. at all
interfere with the authority of the President and
Senate to remove officers. Offices may be con-
tinued under the provision which he seeks to
incorporate into the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, because it is difficult to'tell
without close examination what effect it will
have upon the other provisions of the bill.
This bill was carefully considered in commit-
tee, and one portion of the bill was adapted to
the other portions so as to make it a harmo-
nious system; and this proposed amendment
may derange the whole system which this bill
proposes to establish. Now, there is no diffi-
culty when an office is created, if desirable, in
fixing the term of the office, and it may be de-
sirable to do so. It is impossible now to com-
prehend at one glance all the offices of the
United States; but it may be desirable to have
the term of one office longer than the term of
another. The Senator, however, proposes to
make a sort of Procrustean couch here and put
every officer in the United States upon it, and
to make the duration of every office four years.
Before that amendment is adopted it is desira-
ble to reflect upon the subject, to think of the
different offices in the United States, and de-
termine that there is no reason why one officer
should continue longer in office than another.
I think the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont is made upon good ground; it at any
rate involves the subject in doubt, if it is not
altogether clear that this amendment will con-
tinue those who are now in office in their pres-
ent positions for four years from the passage
of this bill. I think it is susceptible of that
construction. Probably that is not the inten-
tion of the Senator who proposes the amend-
ment, but that may be the construction put
upon it; and it presents a question of doubt;
it opens a door for controversy as to the con-
struction of this law. For these reasons I hope
it will not be incorporated into this bill. It
may be desirable in some other statute to make
a provision like this, and if the subject was
well and thoroughly considered it might appro-
priately be attached to an appropriation bill
or some other bill, so as to fix the tenure of
all the offices in the United States: but I am
apprehensive that it would lead to trouble if
incorporated into the first section of this bill.
I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot think that
the amendment I have proposed is liable to the
objection made by the Senator from Oregon.
There is nothing in it, certainly, which would
prevent Congress passing a law to-morrow as
to any class of officers whatever, limiting the
term to two years or any other time. It cer-
tainly, then, cannot be objectionable on that
account. It merely fixes a term for those
officers for whom no other term is fixed, and I
suppose if an office should be hereafter created,
and no term fixed, this amendment would
apply. If I am not mistaken, I have made it
four years from the date of appointment: and,
as I have already said, every officer must thus
come in review before the Senate at least once
during a presidential term ; and on the other
hand, the President, during his term, will have
the right, by the expiration of the term, of
reappointing every officer or appointing some
one else in his place. It seems to me it is just
and fair; and looking to the future it is, as a
permanent arrangement, one that would work
very happily. But I am not at all tenacious
about it. It was suggested more than a year
or two ago in respect to the officers I have
named, that assessors and collectors of the
revenue should be limited in their terms. That
would bring many who have now been ap-
pointed for more than three years before the
Senate in turn, whereas they will not come
here otherwise.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I feel it to be my duty
to propose an amendment to this bill, though
I have no thought that it will be adopted. I
