1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
that all he asks is a vote, that he does not wish
to discuss it) that he cannot have a vote on
this subject at the present time, in the present
position of the bill, without some discussion. I
■wish the Senate to understand this, not by way
of menace, not by way of influencing the vote
of the Senate at all; but that as the bill stands
on the motion now pending, to change the
character of the bill as it came from the com-
mittee, and as alone it had my consent, I can-
not yield to its passage, nor can I allow a
silent vote to bo taken upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend from
Maine mean to impute any impropriety in 1
my insisting on a vote on the amendment? I
did not agree to the amendment in committee,
and I was not aware that I was precluded from
insisting on its rejection now. I
Mr. MORRILL. Not the slightest in the
world. I do not impute anything to anybody. !
AH I mean to say is that the bill as it came
from the Senate committee is one thing and
the bill as proposed to be amended is another,
and so widely different from that which was
reported by the committee that it marks the
distinctions of the entire history of legislation
and the executive policy of this Government
for fifty years ; and I do not propose to allow
the action of the committee to be reversed on
a question so important as th,at without raising
my voice against it, without undertaking, at
least in the humble way I can, to show to the
Senate precisely what I think it means or what
will be the tendency and effect of the poliey
on which it is proposed to enter. Not only as
much as that is involved in it, but there is the
suggestion which was so pertinently stated
by my honorable friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Brown,] whether the Government of this coun-
try now are willing to say that great public
■works of a military character are to be com-
mitted to private corporations. But, sir, I
forbear any discussion of the merits of the
case. I felt call ed upon from the remark which
fell from my honorable friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, and whose
efforts to get this bill before the Senate I have
seconded whenever I have been in the Senate,
to say to the Senate that if it comes up at the
present time it must not be expected that I
shall be intruding upon its attention if I feel
called upon to discuss the measure. That is
all I mean to say.
Mr. MORGAN. When my friend from
Michigan has been urging the passage of the
Niagara ship-canal bill, I have felt that he was
calling upon the Senate to consider a measure
the principle of which was at least doubtful
and the necessity for which has never been
shown, and one which, if passed igto a law,
would place the United States in direct antag-
onism to the State of New York. But, sir, I
have known how earnest he was, and how
ardent and sincere in believing that some
measure of this kind was required for the in-
terests of the West; and so far from opposing
him, I have to a great extent sympathized
with him in his efforts. But when my friend
from Vermont declared on the floor of the
Senate last night that he was in favor of a
charter by Congress to a company to exercise
jurisdiction in the State of New York, I felt
some surprise; I felt more than surprise :. I
felt some alarm ; and if the views expressed
by that Senator, learned in the law as he is,
respected as he is for his great talents and
learning, were entertained by the body gener-
ally, and Congress was now to enter upon the
policy of chartering corporations the franchises
of which were to be exercised in the States,
then, indeed, I felt that we had fallen upon evil
times. But, sir, I had not supposed—and I
think my friend from Michigan was a little in
error in that respect—that J had ever occupied
any more than my due proportion of the-time
of the Senate in making speeches or in reading
documents, and I think, therefore, that his
criticism in that respect was a little out of
place. I did say, however, that if this bill was
to be pressed to a vote, I should not be willing
to allow it to pass without at least making
known to the Senate the views entertained by
the State which I have the honor in part to
represent here; and if this bill is to be pushed,
I shall insist, as it is my right, upon making
known at least to the Senate the sentiments j
entertained upon that subject. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An- |
thony in the chair.) The question is on the !
motion of the Senator from Maine, to post-
pone the present and all prior orders, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army appro- I
priation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 25, nays 18; as follows:
yeas—Messrs.Anthony.Brown, Buckalew, Cattell,
Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Fessenden.Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Nesmith, Patterson, Rid-
dle, Sherman, Van Winkle, Willey, "Williams, and
Wilson—25. „ „ . „
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Cragm, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fogg, Howard, Howe, McDougall, Norton,
Nye, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, and Yates—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Doolittle, Foster, Fowler, Guth-
rie, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy.Saulsbury.andSprague
-9.
So the motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed
to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not trouble the
Senate again with this Niagara ship-canal bill;
but I give" notice that I shall, at a future day,
ask leave to introduce a bill to construct a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, to be forever
free to the commerce of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that when that bill is intro-
duced it shall have my hearty support, as it
will the support of several gentlemen who have
just voted with me against his other proposi-
tion.
message from tiie hobse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1161) to amend existing laws relating to inter-
nal revenue, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 904) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1868, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 912) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard;
A bill (H. R. No. 1062) relative to the port
of Camden, New Jersey; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 213) to extend
the provisions of the act in regard to agricult-
ural colleges to the State of Tennessee.
RECESS.
Mr. LANE. Before we proceed any further
I desire to submit a motion that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess till
seven o'clock.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish the Senator from
Indiana would modify his motion so as to make
the hour for reassembling half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. LANE. Very well, I will so modify my
motion.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1161) to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
compensation of civil employes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, before the appropriation
bill is proceeded with, I desire to take up House
joint resolution No. 224, giving additional com:
pensation to certain employes in the civil ser-
vice of the Government at Washington, with a
view of concurring in a few unimportant amend-
ments made by the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the appropriation
bill be laid aside informally for that purpose.
["Agreed."]
The Secretary read the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
224) giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Government
at Washington. The amendments were in line
four of the Senate amendment after the word
"service" to insert "of the United States;"
at the end of line eight of the Senate amend-
ment to insert "in the Executive Mansion
and;" and after the word "meters" in line
eighteen to insert "and to lamp-lighters under
the Commissioner of Public Buildings;" and
to strike out lines twenty-two, twenty-three, and
twenty-four of the Senate amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendments to the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL and othera What
changes are made?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The House amendments
add to the persons named in the resolution
the employes about the Executive Mansion,
and also the lamp-lighters under the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings. Then the last
three lines of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] are
stricken out, which provided that there should
be no future compensation, except as provided
in this resolution, to persons unless their sala-
ries are fixed by law, which would cut off any
payment to persons whose salaries are not
fixed by law. The joint resolution as it now
stands, however, repeals the law which author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to disburse
any fund among the clerks. The effect is sub-
stantially to leave the amendment as proposed
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
Secretary of the Treasury will have no power
under the resolution as it now stands to pay
any extra compensation under the former
appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; that part of the
Senator's amendment stands.
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives were concurred in.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1126)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out line sixty-eight to
seventy-six of section one, in these words:
For the purchase of the Willard Sears estate, ad-
joining the Watertown arsenal grounds, $49,700; and
the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to sell at
public auction a lot of land belonging to the United
States situated in South Boston, if, in his opinion,
the same is not needod for the public service, and
pay the proceeds thereof into the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. I am at a loss to understand
why that is to be struck out. I understand that
the estimates have been supplied by the War
Department after inquiry. It will be observed
tbrat the proposition has two branches. First
it provides for the purchase of a certain estate
adjoining the Watertown arsenal, and for that
purpose appropriates $49,700; and the second
branch is an authority to the Secretary of
War to sell another estate at South Boston,
which is some ten miles from the first estate
mentioned, if in the opinion of the Secretary
the same is not needed for the public service.
I understand that this was introduced into the
original bill in the other House on the recom-
mendation of the War Department, on estimates
furnished by that Department. I have not the
papers with me now; but I have been so told
by gentlemen of the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
