1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
taken. I expressly inquired of the member who
offered the proposition in the other House
whether there was any recommendation of the
Department, and he told me none at all; it
was moved by himself. He may have obtained
a recommendation since; and if so, it can be
shown. The Committee on Finance proposed
to strike out the clause simply because there
was no recommendation from the Department.
It does not appear that it is a matter which has
been considered by the Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I am taken somewhat by
surprise on this point. I have no official infor-
mation upon it; but I know as a citizen of
Massachusetts that the arsenal at Watertown
has been very much ciW&mscribed for a long
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My impression is that
the member to whom I refer came to me after-
ward and said he had obtained a recommenda-
tion from the War Department. I told him if
so it could be shown to the Senate by being
put into the hands of either of the Senators
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure that something
like that has been obtained, though I am not
in possession of it. Possibly my colleague is.
Mr. WILSON. The member of Congress
from the district in which the arsenal is situated
has placed in my hands a map of the grounds
proposed to be purchased, and also two letters
from Colonel Kingsbury, who is at the head of
this arsenal, who recommends the purchase in
the strongest possible manner. About forty
acres of ground are proposed to be purchased.
I will say further that the magazine is so close
to the buildings that if an explosion should
take place I do not believe any number of per-
sons would escape. I think the magazine is
within five or six rods of some of the buildings
where many workmen are compelled to work.
The grounds there are very small indeed. The
additional ground will cost less at this time than
at any other, because the locality cannot but
grow in value. Colonel Kingsbury, in two let-
ters which I have before me, expresses his
opinion in the strongest manner that it will be
to the interest of the Government to have these
lands, to remove the magazine, and to do other
things necessary for the good of the arsenal.
I know the grounds there. I know that the
Government is limited to a very small amount
of land, and the necessity of an extension has
been talked of for years. Even if this addition
be made the grounds will be small compara-
tively. I believe it will be to the interest of
the Government to purchase the additional
land proposed. It will cost $49,000; but then
it is proposed to sell a tract now owned by the
Government near South Boston, which will
perhaps bring from fifteen to twenty-five thou-
sand dollars, leaving the additional expendi-
ture only from twenty-five to thirty thousand
dollars. I have before me the two letters of
Colonel Kingsbury, and a well-drawn map of
the arsenal ground and the ground proposed to
be purchased. .
Mr. CONNESS. It may be profitable to buy
land in Massachusetts ; but my experience, and
I think that of the Senate, is that when the
Government really want and need land very
much in Massachusetts they will not sell it. For
many years being without a sufficient space to
anchor a vessel or bring her up to the wharf
at Charlestown, where we have a navy-yard,
the public authorities there, represented so well
by the Senators from that State, have opposed
the sale at any price to the Government of
a sufficient extension of the ground of the
vard to enable vessels, as I have stated, to
be brought up to the end of a wharf. Now,
I do not know whether we should buy land in
Massachusetts where they want to sell it to us
and where it has less value, and where there
is less necessity for the Government to possess
it. As I understand, they would not part with
the land at Charlestown because it limited the
amount of taxable property in that city. I do
not know whether they are prepared to sell to
the Government land at Watertown, or whether
if they do it will not limit the amount of tax-
able property there. This dealing with Mas-
sachusetts in connection with land matters is
a somewhat strange kind of business. 1 should
not, nevertheless, object to this clause being
retained in the bill if a proviso were added to
it that the land at Charlestown, needed for
the navy-yard, should also be purchased at the
amount determined to be its proper price here-
tofore. If the Senator from Massachusetts will
accept a proviso of that kind, perhaps we may
agree to buy this land at Watertown.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I have
no earthly desire that the Government shall
purchase land it does not need at this arsenal;
and if it desires land at Charlestown and can
purchase it I am perfectly willing that it shall
purchase it. I will say the Government is not
dealing with the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts or the city of Charlestown or the town
of Watertown where this arsenal is, but with
private parties; and the Senator from Califor-
nia knows full well how far a Yankee can see
a dollar. I suppose he can see it quite as far
as a man on the Pacific coast. I have before
me the letters to which I have referred, in
which the gentleman who is now at the head
of this arsenal, Colonel Kingsbury, who is an
officer of capacity and character, says this ad-
dition to the grounds is necessary for the good
of the arsenal; and he further writes that the
fire which recently occurred there, owing to
the crowded condition of the grounds, was
more destructive to the Government property
than it would have been had they been in pos-
session of the necessary space. If the Sena-
tor has ever been at that arsenal, I am sure he
will bear testimony to the fact that the grounds
are exceedingly crowded. I care not a far-
thing about this matter. If it is the interest
of the Government to have this land, I want
the Government to have it. I care nothing
about any parties who want to sell. I am here
to take care of the interests of the Government
first of all.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true, Mr. President,
that the experience of the Government in pur-
chasing land at the Charlestown navy-yard has
not been very pleasant, and has not resulted
in much advantage to the Government, what-
ever advantage it may be to the citizens of that
place who are adverse to its purchase ; but I
have not any doubt on one point, and that is
that nearly all our arsenals and armories and
navy-yards are too small, and that the risk of
damage to the public property is greatly en-
hanced in consequence of their small size, and
therefore, upon the recommendation of as intel-
ligent an officer as Colonel Kingsbury, I should
be prepared to vote for this proposition. If he
tells us that we are running a great risk in con-
sequence of fires and from the exposure of the
public property, because of its nearness to the
depot of powder and niter and other articles that
are stored there, I would be willing to accept his
recommendation as conclusive upon my mind.
It is true we have not got the recommendation
of the Secretary of War upon this subject; but
the Secretary of War knows no more about it
than we do. He acts on the recommendation
of the ordnance officer who is in command,
and would probably furnish a recommendation,
if his attention were called to this letter of
Colonel Kingsbury. The Secretary of War was
probably never there; he acts upon the recom-
mendation of the officers who have been as-
signed to these particular stations. I know this
officer in charge at Watertown, and I would be
prepared to act upon his suggestions as much
as upon those of any officer that I know con-
nected with the public service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why this
item was struck out is a reason that applies
almost uniformly, except in very special cases,
to the action of the Committee on Finance;
and that is that if an appropriation is asked for
to purchase land, or to do anything else of that
sort, it should come through the proper Depart-
ment that has charge of such matters. This
idea of making appropriations on letters writ-
ten by an officer in command at a particular
place has no responsibility about it, is unwise,
and may lead to improper appropriations. Con-
sequently we move to strike out such items
invariably, and we have acted on that princi-
ple in this case. I feel confident, however—
and that is the reason why I asked the ques-
tion—that the member from the district where
this arsenal is situated has, since the action of
the Committee on Finance, in recommending
the striking out of this item, obtained a rec-
ommendation from the general in command of
the ordnance department, recommending the
purchase of this land, and that that is indorsed
by the Secretary of War. I am surprised that
that paper has not been left with one of the
Senators from Massachusetts. I believe it has
been sent for, and perhaps if we pass over this
amendment, and act on the others, when we
come back to it we may find that it is properly
vouched. The committee certainly have no
objection to this purchase if it is one that
ought to be made, and proper evidence is pre-
sented on that point. I understand that accord-
ing to the papers as they now stand it is sub-
stantially so; but as it was presented to the
committee we did not know the value of it or
what ought to be given for the ground, or any-
thing of that description. There ought always
in my judgment to be something ascertained
in regard to such purchases in the first place,
the price demanded, what the land is really
worth, and the necessity of the purchase. Per-
haps if we pass over this amendment for the
present and act on the others we may have
some further light on the subject. I do not
think it should be adopted till we have the
necessary recommendation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The course
suggested by the Senator from Maine will be
taken. This amendment will be passed over
and the next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance will be read. *
The next amendment was in line six of
section two, to strike out "by" and insert
"through;" so as to read:
And all orders and instructions relating to military
operations issued by the President <Jr Secretary of
War shall be issued through the General of tho Army,
and, in case of his inability, through tho next in ranlc
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "headquar-
ters" in line nine of section two, to insert
"except at his own request" so as to read:
The General of the Army shall not be removed,
suspended, or relieved from command, or assigned to
duty elsewhere than at said headquarters, except at
hia own request, without the previous approval of the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer this amend-
ment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That section three of the
joint resolution relative to the appointments to the
Military Academy, approved Junel6,1866, be, and the
same is hereby, suspended for one year.
I will simply say that the resolution of last
year has not been complied with by the mem-
bers of Congress generally, and of course it has
created confusion. This amendment simply
proposes to suspend that provision for one year,
in order to see whether hereafter it will have to
be repealed or may be allowed to stand. _ It
cannot be executed for the present year owing
to the neglect of the members of Congress to
comply with it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in after line sixty-five of section
one:
For the erection of fire-proof buildings at or near
Jcffersonville, in the State of Indiana, to be used
as storehouses of Government property, 8150,000, to be
disbursed by the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Indiana whether
this amendment comes from a committee.
Mr. LANE. No, sir; it does not come
from a committee; but it is recommended by
the quartermaster general's department and
by the Secretary of War, in the estimate which
I have before me. In the annual report of the
