408
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
which to settle the question) to enact some
statute 'which for the future shall restrain this
wanton exercise of the power claimed by the
President, and which in my judgment is for-
bidden by the Constitution. It is time for us
to come up to our work and to do our duty to
the country. The country expects it and will
not be content if we leave our seats at the pres-
ent session without passing some such law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator >om
Michigan has discussed two questions which
are not involved in the proposition that I have
submitted to the Senate. The first is the power
of ths President to create a vacancy during the
recess of the Senate by the removal of an
incumbent from an office; the second is the
power of the President to appoint after the
adjournment of the Senate a party to am office
who had previously been rejected by the Sen-
ate. The question which is submitted to the
Senate by my amendment is this: whether in
the case of a vacancy in an office existing at
the time of the adjournment of the Senate the
President has a right for the purpose of execu-
ting the laws to fill that office under the clause
of the Constitution to which I have called
attention. That particular question the Sena-
tor has not much discussed. He has referred
to the report which, as the representative of the
Judiciary Committee, he submitted to the Sen-
ate during the Thirty-Seventh Congress. Now,
I Wish to ask of the Senator from Michigan
what is his answer to a case made by the Sec-
retary of State in a correspondence which
accompanies that report of the learned Sena-
tor. Suppose, during the last days of the ses-
sion of a Congress, an office is created and there
is no time before the adjournment to fill that
office by an appointment and confirmation, is
that office under the Constitution to remain
vacant until Congress shall again assemble, or
may the President appoint under his power to
fill vacancies happening during the recess? I
will read from the letter to which I refer of
Secretary Seward, dated January 12, 1863,
• addressed to the distinguished Senator as the
representative on that occasion of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary:
"In regard to some of these appointments, the
offices were newly created by Congress, and required
special qualifications to fill them. There was nottime
enough for the proper consideration of the subject
before the adjournment of the Senate. As to others,
the compensation was in the shape of fees only, which
inducement was not such as to invite application
for the offices. They were consequently filled as soon
as properpersons could be found to acceptthem. This
course has been adopted in all cases when the public
interest seemed to require it. In regard to the consti-
tutionality of this course I would respectfully refer
you to the Opinions of the Attorney General, volume
vii, page 323."
The law officer of the Government seems to
have given the opinion thatthePresidentduring
the recess had the power, and it was his duty,
to fill such vacancies; and, long before the
political controversies that now agitate the
country had sprung up, the Secretary of State
during the administration of Mr. Lincoln
recommended the appointment of many men to
office when the vacancies which they were to
fill had existed at the time of the adjournment
of the Senate, and he stated as a necessity for
such appointments that Congress had created
the offices so near the adjournment that it
became impossible to fill them. The President
has devolved upon him under the Constitution
the duty to see that the laws are executed. He
can only execute them through the instrumen-
tality of the officers whom Congress provides.
Immediately before the adjournment Congress
enacts a law and provides for an officer to exe-
cute that law. It is the duty of the President
to see that that law is immediately executed.
Now, is it possible that the duty is devolved upon
him by Congress to execute the provisions of a
law, and yet that he has not .the power under
the Constitution to discharge that duty ? The
necessity of the case has compelled the con-
struction which I believe the Senator admits to
have been uniform ; it is the construction whieh
the executive department of the Government
has uniformly put upon this provision of the
Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. I referred to the practical
construction given to that clause of the Con-
stitution. I do not deny that the practical
construction of it has been in accordance with
the statement of the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I so under-
stood the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. But we have the question
up before us now de novo. It is to us a new
question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is before Congress
on a proposition of legislation, and that in-
volves the proper construction of this clause
of the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The clause is that the
President shall fill vacancies happening during
the recess; and the naked question is whether
a vacancy existing at the time of the adjourn-
ment is a vacancy happening during the fol-
lowing recess, and the uniform construction of
the executive department has been that that
vacancy ought to be filled, and I have given,
from Secretary Seward's correspondence with
the Senator from Michigan on behalf of the
Judiciary Committee, an extreme case, a case
where Congress devolves upon the President
the duty to execute a law and provides an
officer to execute it so near the adjournment
that there is not time to nominate a person to
fill the office before the adjournment. Here
may be a period of many months before the
Senate shall be again in session, and Congress
passes a law so shortly before the adjournment
that it is impossible for the President to make
a nomination and for the Senate to act upon
that nomination before the adjournment. Now,
the question is whether the construction given
by the executive department has not become
the fixed construction of the Constitution on
this subject, such as to control our consciences
in legislating upon it.
Another instance is suggested: an officer is
discharging very important duties at some dis-
tant point; it may be in California -or it may
be at some foreign position; he may die during
the session of the Senate, and the President
not hear of the death, the President not know
of the vacancy until after the adjournment of
Congress. Now, you say by this law that dur-
ing all the following recess that vacancy shall
not be filled, and this not because of any evil
which has come to the public service by the
exercise of this power, but simply because a
man may be placed in that position whose
political opinions are not agreeable to the
majority of Congress.
I ask Senators if it is policy to enact such a
law, if there may be any injury to the public
service by changing the construction which has
been uniformly put upon this provision of the
Constitution. The case given by Secretary
Seward is a strong one; the case which has
been suggested to me is another strong one.
Are the laws to be executed during the recess?
If so, they must be executed through the offi-
cers provided by law. If those officers cannot
be appointed in particular cases, the laws can-
not be executed.
Let me suppose another case. Tie Presi-
dent sends a nomination to the Senate and the
Senate holds that nomination until very nearly
the adjournment, and Senators know that that
very frequently happens; the nominations are
in this body sometimes months before they are
acted upon, and on perhaps the very day of the
adjournment a nomination maybe rejected and
it is impossible for the President to fill the
place before the adjournment. The public
service requires that the duties of that office
should be discharged. Now, are Senators will-
ing for partisan purposes to say that that office
shall be vacant, and that the public interests
and the interests of the people shall suffer for
fear that some man may be appointed, tem-
porarily appointed, whose office cannot con-
tinue longer than the close of the next session,
whose political views are not agreeable to the
majority? That is the question.
Because of these considerations I have felt
ft to be my duty to move to strike that part of
the section out, because I believe that under
the construction which has been given to the
Constitution we cannot enact such a law, and
because I believe further that if we have the
power it is a very dangerous thing to exercise
it as is proposed. The service may suffer.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to say
in reply to the Senator from Indiana. He dis-
covers an inconvenience arising from the con-
struction of the Constitution for which I con-
tend. Undoubtedly, there may be cases of
inconvenience.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me, I will suggest another case. Sup-
pose a nomination is made and confirmed on
the last day of the session, or within a few
days before the adjournment, and the party
nominated afterward declines to accept the
position. The office, in that case, would never
have been devolved upon him, and his failure
to accept it would not be the cause of a vacancy,
because he never became an officer and never
accepted the office ; the previous vacancy was
never filled, because to fill it required his accept-
ance. There would be a vacancy without fault
anywhere. Shall that vacancy go unfilled?
Mr. HOWARD. Not only that inconven-
ience, but a thousand others may possibly
arise from this construction for which I con-
tend ; but the great question before us is: what
does the Constitution itself mean, what is the
true interpretation of its language? The lan-
guage is that the President may fill up a vacancy
whieh may happen during the recess of the
Senate. The vacancy which he may fill up
must happen during a given period of time,
between the beginning and the end of that
period of time, that is to say, the recess of the
Senate. It must happen between the moment
of the adjournment of the Senate and the mo-
ment of the commencement of its next ses-
sion ; and it must be a "vacancy." What is
a vacancy in an office ? As I said before, we
must refer to the common law for light upon
the subject. Now, I understand that, properly
speaking, there can be no vacancy in an office
where there never has been an incumbent, for
the absence of the incumbent who has once
been appointed, whether that absence be occa-
sioned by death, resignation, or lawful means,
is the vacancy; the vacancy in the sense of
the Constitution.
Now, sir, if the power of the President in
making these temporary appointments is, by
the fair construction of the Constitution, con-
fined to this particular period of time, then we
must be content with it., and so must he. He
cannot constitutionally issue a commission to
fill a vacancy which did not occur during that
exact period of time, mathematically ascer-
tainable. If the vacancy occurred at any other
time, it is not to be filled in that way; and I
reject entirely the doctrine under which the
Executive at present seems to be practicing,
that it is perfectly immaterial at what time a
vacancy takes place or occurs. That doctrine
leads to the complete divestiture of the Senate
of all its power over the question of appoint-
ments to office. And it leads to it in this way:
first, the power of final appointment is held
to belong to the President, and to him alone.
The pov.-er of appointment carries with it, ac-
cording to the opposite argument, the uncon-
ditional. unrestrained power of removal from
office: because, as is alleged, the President
having this absolute power of appointment may
exercise it when he pleases, and he may exer-
cise it, as it has been exercised all along, in
this shape, appointing to an office which al-
ready has an incumbent, the appointing of a
successor operating, as is argued, as a removal
of the predecessor; in other words, that the
power of removal is a part and parcel of the
power of appointment; that the power of ap-
pointment cannot be exercised in its plenitude
and efficiency without annexing to it the un-
restricted, unconditional power of removal.
If this be so. and if the doctrine be correct
that the President has a right to issue commis-
sions to fill an office a vacancy in which has
occurred at any time, either during the sessiou
