1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
V '
Secretary of War, after speaking of the erec-
tion of fire-proof buildings at Philadelphia,
he proceeds to add: " Authority for the pur-
chase of a site and erection of a similar struc-
ture at Jeffersonville, Indiana, during the
present year is requestedand I have in my
hands an estimate from the quartermaster's
department, going into the details as to the
number of buildings required, the value of ma-
terials, land, &c., making a total of $290,000,
which is recommended for the construction of
fire-proof storehouses at or near Jeffersonville.
I have another letter from the Quartermaster
General, in which he states that there are more
than $20,000,000 worth of Government prop-
erty stored in warehouses and private store-
houses and barracks around that place; and it
is because of this large amount of property
concentrated there that he says a fire-proof
building is necessary. If a fire should unfor-
tunately occur there, it would perhaps involve
the Government in a loss of $10,000,000. Jef-
fersonville is now a depot for quartermasters'
and commissary and naval stores; and it is
precisely the right point where such stores
should be accumulated. There are two rail-
roads coming to.that place leading North, and
the only railroad running South from the Ohio
river below Wheeling for a distance of seven
hundred miles concentrates there. It is sit-
uated in a rich grain-growing country where
all the articles required by the commissary and
quartermasters' departments are easily obtained
and obtained at cheap prices, and from which
they may easily be transported to all the West.
As I stated, the estimate of the Quartermaster
Genaral is $290,000; but my colleague and
myself on consultation thought that $150,000
would be all that could be profitably expended
at present. I hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment without any further argument on
the subject.
Mr.* FESSENDEN. Has there been any
law establishing Jeffersonville as a depot for
Army stores?
Mr. LANE. It has been the most import-
ant depot, except perhaps St. Louis, during
the whole war, for the last six years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a necessity for
the continuance of these stores there ?
Mr. LANE. I have just undertaken to show
the Senate the great necessity for it. There
are two railroads there leading North and one
South. It is the depot for perhaps the greatest
agricultural country in the world, where all
these stores are produced in great abundance.
The only railroad for a distance of seven hun-
dred miles on the Ohio river leading South is
from this point, making it a most desirable
place from which the Army can be supplied
both by railroad and by river. The Secretary
of War, the Quartermaster General, and Com-
missary General Bay the Army can be more
easily supplied from this point than any other
point in the West.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ It is for the Senate to
decide. I know nothing about it except what
appears on the statements made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have had placed in my
hands the recommendation of General Dyer, of
the ordnance department, approved by the
Secretary of War, in regard to the purchase of
land at Watertown. General Dyer states that
he made a personal examination of the ground
when at \\ atertown arsenal recently, and in-
tended to include in his next report a recom-
mendation for the purchase of this property.
He now recommends the appropriation of a
sum not exceeding $50,000 for that purpose,
and it is approved by the Secretary of War. I
desire that the amendment which was passed
over may be now considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which was passed over,
to strike out the words from line sixty-eight to
line seventy-four on page 4.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
that clause by inserting after the word "dol-
lars," in line seventy, the words "or so much
thereof as may be necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer this amendment
as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the officers of the Army and Navy, and of the
Frecdmen's Bureau, to prohibit and preventwnipping
or maiming of the person, as a punishment for any
criminal misdemeanor or offense by any pretended
civil authority in any State lately in rebellion, until
the civil Government of such State shall have been
restored and shall have been recognized by the Con-
gress of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary. of
War be authorized to appoint for each geographical
division and department headquarters of the Army
one clerk of class one.
I will say that it has been several times
recommended that we should have clerks ap-
pointed at the department headquarters, and
the Committee on Military Affairs at the last
session reported a bill for that purpose, which
has never been acted upon. The papers in
the case have been placed in my hands by the
War Department, covering a letter of General
Sherman pressing the matter very strongly.
The desire is to have two clerks at each of
these headquarters; but I think one ought to
be sufficient with such help as can be obtained
from the soldiers. In some localities it is very
difficult to get soldiers to do this class of work
in a satisfactory manner. The proposition is
to appoint one Clerk of class one for each
geographical division and department head-
quarters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether officers in command of geographical
divisions who have large staffs cannot dispose
of their papers by the aid of their staffs and
such soldiers as they can detail for that pur-
pose. It seems to me unwise to appoint civil
officers for that purpose. This proposition is
a new thing at any rate, and I should like to
have the necessity for it explained. Why is it
that these commanders are not able, by the
employment of the officers of their staffs and
such soldiers as they may detail, to take care
of their papers as has hitherto been done ? I
I believe there are no clerks at the headquar-
ters here. Everything is done in this city at
the headquarters of the General of the Army
by his military suite, and I should think the
same might be done at the headquarters of the
different geographical divisions. This is an
innovation, and I doubt whether it is wise to
begin it. We shall have bureaus growing up
after awhile 1 suppose.
Mr. WILSON. I have in my hand a letter
from General Townsend, and one from Gen-
eral Sherman, urging this matter, and I pre-
sent it in accordance with their request. We
have had a great number of letters in which
this is suggested as a matter of public import-
ance. I have for a longtime resisted it on the
ground that I thought they might get along
without it. I now present it to the Senate, and
leave it to them to determine by their votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. These headquarters never
have any soldiers about them now. For in-
stance, at St. Louis there are no soldiers to be
detailed, and it is difficult to get soldiers com-
petent to act as clerks. So it is with the head-
quarters at Omaha. The soldiers are not there.
The soldiers are off at remote posts. That is
one reason which applies now which would not
exist for this measure in time of war. Whether
it is a sufficient reason, the Senate will judge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think soldiers can be
detaile'd now just as readily as at other times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where are the staff
officers ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The staff has been very
much limited by the law as it stands. I think
of the staff officers now one is adjutant general
and the other is inspector general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They all have aid-de-
camps.
Mr. SHERMAN. One or two aids; and
their duty, I believe, is generally to wait on
the table. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. They might give some
of their time to taking care of the papers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as
an additional section; it was presented in a
separate bill by the Committee on Military
Affairs, but was not acted upon in that shape :
And be it further enacted, That all militia forces
now organized or in service in either of the States of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas,
be forthwith disarmed and disbanded, and that the
further organization, arming, or calling into service
of the said militiaforces,#r any part thereof, is hereby
prohibited under any circumstances whatever until
the same shall be authorized by Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
an explanation of that from the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. Why should
it be put on this bill ?
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs a year ago reported this provision in
another bill; it has been again reported this
year, but has not been acted upon in that
shape. The object is to suppress and prevent
military organizations in the rebel States.
They have been arrested in several instances
by officers of the Army without authority of
law, on their own responsibility. General
Sickles told me the other day that he had pre-
vented the organization of a large number of
regiments. In Mississippi and some other
places they have been organized, and in some
cases have worn the rebel uniform and even
have carried the rebel flag. Great abuses have
grown out of'it, and in that country under
present circumstances, our Army being there,
and especially after the law we have recently
passed, there should be no military organiza-
tion allowed until matters are settled. Those
that have been formed were formed mainly of
men who were in the rebel service ; officered
by rebels, and in some localities they have been
used to disarm portions of the people and have
led to difficulties. We have had quite a num-
ber of letters and reports on the subject from
officers of the Army.
Mr. WILLEY. It seems to me that.it is a
very sweeping provision, and which can only
be justified 1 imagine by some very pressing
public urgency or necessity, to deprive these
States of the use of their militia for the pur-
pose of maintaining their police regulations
in many places. The disability, as I under-
stand the amendment, is total; the whole mil-
itia organizations of these States is to be en-
tirely destroyed ; the militia of the States are
not to bear arms In any event or under any
condition. It strikes me that it is assuming
to Congress a very extraordinary power, one
which none but the most extreme necessity
would justify. It may be well imagined that
there may be many instances when it would
be necessary, for the best of purposes, to keep
the peace of the State, to maintain proper po-
lice regulations, that the militia should at least
carry arms to a limited extent. It strikes me
also that there may be some constitutional
objection against depriving men of the right
to bear arms and the total disarming of men
in time of peace. I did not fully hear the
Senator when he was making his remarks in
explanation of the necessity of any such meas-
ure. There maybe such necessity. If he have
the evidence of it in his possession, of course
when the Senate shall hear it it maybe proper
to reconsider the inclination to which my mind
is directed at present; but without some such
public necessity for so extraordinary a meas-
ure being shown I shall be very unwilling to
adopt an amendment of this character.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from West Virginia that according to our
theory, according to the ground on which
Congress is acting with regard to these States,
they have no right to organize any mil tia
there at present. The militia there were dis-
banded and disorganized, and this organization
