1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
or during the recess, the whole power of the
Senate over the question of appointments is
gone, and he has but to renew from session to
session his temporary commission to keep the
incumbent in office perpetually, in spit# of the
Senate. An opinion of the present Attorney
General was published in the newspapers some
time during the last summer which, if I recol-
leet rightly, went to this extent: that it is
the right of the President to fill a vacancy
whenever that vacancy may have occurred,
whether during the recess or during the session,
for the reason that it would be inconvenient,
in his opinion, and injurious to the public
service, were the President not vested with
such a power. Sir, to me that is not a consti-
tutional principle. The Constitution fixes the
period of time within which the vacancy shall
happen. The vacancy is to happen within a
given period. "To happen" is to occur by
accident, chance, casualty, or some means
unforeseen; at all events, not by means which
are within the control of the agent himself who
is to fill the vacancy, for that is to make non-
sense of the word "happen," and to give to
the expression "during the reeess of the Sen-
ate," to which it is conjoined and which quali-
fies it, no meaning, force, or effect whatever.
The honorable Senator refers to a hypothet-
ical case which I think may have taken place
in practice, where we pass a law creating an
office, and owing to the lateness of the period
of the session at which the bill becomes a law
the President has not had time to fill the office
by a regular appointment by and with the con-
sent of the Senate. I presume such eases have
happened not unfrequently. It would be an in-
convenience ; but it does not follow that because
it is an inconvenience the President has a right
to fill it in vacation. That is pressing the argu-
ment ab inconvenienti to an extreme.
Sir, there is an easy remedy for just such a
case. The honorable Senator need not be told
that it is in the power of the President at any
moment to call the Senate together in extra ses-
sion for the very purpose of acting upon exec-
utive nominations and transacting other exec-
utive business. It would not be a very great
inconvenience to the Senate to be called to-
gether for such a purpose, and it would be,
very plainly to my mind, the duty of the Pres-
ident to call them together for that purpose, if
the office was one of great public importance,
a thing which has been done repeatedly in the
history of the Government, and almost every
year.
He refers to the case of the death of some
officer residing at a remote point during the
session of the Senate, and the inconven-
ience which would arise if the President were
not authorized by the Constitution, should he
hear of this death during the vacation, to be,
able to iiil it. Undoubtedly there might be
some damage to the public interest arising
from the accident, but where in any Govern-
ment on earth do we find guards and barriers
against every possible inconvenience that can
arise in the course of the administration of
public affairs? These accidents are liable to
tirisc at all times and in all Governments, not
only in our own but in every other Govern-
ment, and from the very nature of government
itself the community cannot be guarded against
thoir occurrence; the thing is impossible. No
Constitution, no statute can meet every ease
that may possibly arise. No, sir: the framers
of the instrument made it as wisely as they
were able, and they have left to us among other
rich legacies the care and protection of this
Constitution. They have said in plain words
that the President may fill all vacancies that
may happen during a particular period, and
the implication is irresistible that they intended
to exclude this power in every case that did not
occur during that particular period. 1 think
myself they were wise in so doing, and I am
disposed to stand by the old instrument until
the people of the United States shall sec fit to
alter it.
As to the long practical construction that
has been given to this clause, I admit the force
of such.a practical construction in legislation
as well as law; but it is to be observed that
this question of the power of removal has never
been considered as completely at rest. The best
minds in the eountry have all along doubted
and disputed the unlimited right of the Presi-
dent to turn incumbents out of office in the
recess. The example was first set to the
eountry under the administration of General
Jackson who made an indiscriminate removal
of all officers who were opposed to his policy,
he going upon the ground, first probably sug-
gested to him by the Albany regency, that 1' to
the victors belong the spoils;" and I am free
to say that I think no fact in our history has
tended so strongly and effectually to corrupt
the public raind, and, if I may so speak, the
political morality of the nation, as this doctrine
that "to the victors belong the spoils." It
makes almost every man who gives a vote a
scrambler and an aspirant for office, and
"office," "office," from the dawn of day to
the setting of the sun, is the cry of the hungry
crowd besetting, not only us here, but every
man throughout the country who is supposed
to exercise some influence in the bestowment
of these precious articles. I hope this Con-
gress will do something toward cheeking this
spirit of office-seeking, fostered and upheld as
it has been by this misconstruction and misuse
of the Constitution of our fathers.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Indiana
has correctly told the Senate, from the begin-
ning of the Government the construction has
been—and it has been acted upon by every
President from Washington to the present
time—that under the clause which gives the
President the right to fill vacancies which may
happen, he has that power in all cases where
there is an office vacant in point of fact. The
obvious reasons for giving him the power were
stated by my friend from Indiana. The Gov-
ernment cannot get on unless the offices are
filled, and as the Constitution gives no author-
ity to any other Department of the Government
to act during the recess but the President, if
he has not the power to fill a vacancy which
may exist during the recess of the Senate the
office is unfilled, and the public interest, so far
as it may be connected with the exercise of
the duties of that office, suffers.
Now, it would be idle to say—because I
know that- gentlemen here entertain a very
decided opinion upon the point different from
that which the Government has heretofore
practiced on, and it would be very improper
to say that the clause in the Constitution under
which the President has acted is so plain as
to admit but of the interpretation that the
Government has heretofore given to it. The
language of the Constitution in the provis-
ion which immediately follows the clause that
gives to the President the general power to
appoint by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate is, that "the President shall have
power to till up all vacancies that may happen."
What is the meaning of the word "happen"
as there used? It is necessary perhaps to sup-
ply a word to make the meaning clearly intelli-
gent. It presents a case of what grammarians
call an ellipsis, and in a case of that descrip-
tion it is for the commentator, or him who is
called upon to construe the Constitution, to fill
that ellipsis with the words which he thinks
will carry out the purpose of the power. Now,
if you fill the ellipsis with the words "to ex-
ist," the authority of the President is very
clear. If you fill it with the words 1' to occur,''
it is equally clear that the President would not
have the power.
The law officers of the Government (and they
were led to give that interpretation to it by the
necessity under which the Government might
be placed) have construed the words used
in the Constitution to mean " vacancies hap-
pening to exist." So read, the authority of
the President would be very clear, and 1 do
not know why we are not just as much at lib-
erty to supply the omitted words by adopting
the words "to exist," as to supply them by
adopting the words "to occur," even looking
at it as a matter of grammatical construction.
But when in addition to what would be a fair
interpretation of the clause as a mere matter
of grammatical construction we take into con-
sideration what would be the consequence of a
different interpretation, the argument seems to
me to be irresistible. We may have—and I
refer to the fact now as illustrative of what I
am about to say, as I referred to it yesterday
for the purpose of illustrating what I then said
on another subject—we may have very delieate
negotiations abroad. There may he, as was
the ease daring the war of 1812, negotiations
going on between our minister and the minis-
ter of the nation with which we have been at
war, upon which hangs the peace of the coun-
try, which is to decide whether the war is to
be continued or is to terminate. We have a
minister there to represent us upon that grave
question, that vital question. He dies. On
the 4th of March we hear for the first time of
his death. The Senate has adjourned. As the
law stood originally it could not meet again
until the following December; so that during
the whole period that is to elapse from the 4tfi
of March in the year when we are advised of
the death of our minister abroad and the suc-
ceeding first Monday in December that vacancy
cannot be supplied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Maryland whether the
President has it not in his power to call the
Senate together without a regular meeting of
Congress, to advise him in respect to the fill-
ing of that very vacancy which may occur 1
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course he can call the
Senate together : but is he to call the Senate
together on the happening of each such con-
tingency as I have stated?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That depends upon its
importance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was that the purpose of
the Constitution? The very provision which
gives him the power to fill a vacancy necessa-
rily shows that in the judgment of the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution it was not
necessary to call the Senate together for any
such purpose, because the necessity to call the
Senate together to act upon vacancies that
may happen during the session of the Senate
and vacancies that may occur during the recess
of the Senate would equalty render it neces-
sary (if that is the most advisable way of mak-
ing appointments) to call the Senate together
in all such cases; and yet no Senate has been
called together for any such purpose. The
only instances in which the Senate have been
called together are at the commencement of a
presidential term when the incoming Presi-
dent desires to have the nominations of his
Cabinet ministers acted upon. There is no
other case, aud that is only for a few days.
The same thing is equally true of a great
many very important offices. You have a cir-
cuit judge in the circuit of which Vermont
constitutes a part, and you have a district
judge whose official duties are confined to the
State of Vermont. They both die at the
latter end of our session here. We do not
know it; not a Senator is advised of it. The
Senate adjourns. Is the whole administration
of the jurisprudence of the United States in
the circuit of which Vermont constitutes a dis-
trict to be suspended until the Senate shall
meet in the next December? My friend says
it can be avoided by calling the Senate together.
That takes time. We have a very large coun-
try now. The telegraph may carry with the
speed of lightning the intelligence of any facts
which may occur; but the members cannot get
together by telegraph—as yet at any rate. The
Senators from the Pacific, to say nothing of
those who are on this side and who are a great
way off. cannot get here for twenty-five or thirty
days. Are they to be brought here for that
purpose, and is mileage to be paid to them?
If they are to be brought here they ought to
have their mileage. And how often are they
to be brought? If there is any weight in my
friend's suggestion, they are to be brought
whenever an occasion occurs which renders it
