1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
was intended it should be, to confirm the power of
the minority and retain its leaders in office. The
majority of the people of tlxe State* disfranchized by
their political antagonists, have nevertheless sub-
mitted peacefully and quietly in the hope and ex-
pectation that their constitutional right of suffrage
would be restored to them by an appeal to the judi-
ciary of'the United States, and that with its restora-
tion the State would again resume its republican
character, in fact as well as in name, and that the
fundamental principles of liberty would be vindi-
cated and enforced.
It is not to be supposed that thoso who have com-
mitted such crimes against popular liborty would
hesitato to commit further and greater crimes to
retain the power they have usurped. Nor is it to
be supposed that these crimes have been perpetrated
for the more purpose of possessing themselves of the
modest emoluments of office prescribed during the
days of our former republican frugality and sim-
plicity; nor has the honor which attended theso
positions, as attesting the confidence of our fcllow-
citizens, much attraction for thoso who no longer
seek thom through the consentofthe people. Thoso
men have been actuated by other motives; tho man-
ner in which their usurped power has been used will
disclose tho objects for which they have committed
so many crimes in its pursuit.
Tho declaration of war by the Governor of this
State upon the people of Jackson and La Fayette
counties, and the unprovoked robbery and murder
of their citizens is but the continuation of similar
acts of violence by which many citizens of this State
have been stripped of their property and lives by tho
direct sanction and connivance of tho authorities
whose appointment and power emanated from the
Governor. < Preachers of the Gospel havo in many
parts of this State been dragged from their pulpits,
not aione by tho officers of tho law under the bar-
barous provisions of tho new constitution, but also
by armed mobs of lawless luflians. One preacher, at
least, if not more, llev. Mr. llcadlee, was taken from
the horns of tho altar" and brutally shot and
killed by a band of armed outlaws, and no effort of
any kind has been made by tho authorities of the
State to arrest or punLsh the perpetrators of theso
crimes. Many men havo been murdered, in some in-
stances by persons claiming authority under the Gov-
ernor, under the pretense that they were or had been
rebels or sympathizers, and that whilo the courts of
law wcro open for their trial and punishment, and no
attempt has been made by tho State authorities to
prevent or punish these crimes; but on the contrary
tho perpetrators (as in the instance of a man by tho
name of Bobcokc) have by bucli acts atoned for a
long life of infamy and ernno and become the fam-
iliais and favorites of our Governor.
The mere possession of properly in some paits of
tho vStato has afforded sufficient cause for a notice to
Quit the country under pain of death in ease of re-
fusal and always under circumstances involving the
sacrifice of the property, which usually tails into the
hands of tho patriots most active in ridding tho
country of such obnoxious characters.
.Nor has this spirit been content with the spoliation
of private property. The railroads, public works,
and other valuable property of the State to which
our creditors looked for reimbursement, an# our tax-
burdened people tor relief, have been wickeillv and
corruptly sacrificed for sums of money absolutely
trifling in comparison with their cost or value, and
that, too, when in some instancesdoublethcamount,
and in every instance much larger amounts wore
offered for the same property than was accepted from
the political partisans to whom this property was
sold. We challenge the recoid of any civilized State
to show a more shameless and piolligatc spoliation
of public property, to gratify and enrich partisans and
favorites than that furnished by the sale ( o called)
of the Iron Mountain railroad and tho Southwest
Branch of the Pacific railroad. Such transactions
by which the property of the State was disposed of
for sums of money so inadequate, when a larger
amount was offered for the same property by parties
of greater pecuniary responsibility, brings us irre-
sistibly to tac conclusion that tho officials who sanc-
tioned them must have shared in the plunder.
The declaration of war upon the counties of La Fa-
yette and Jackson is the continuation and develop-
ment into a system of the gpuit by which Missouii
has been governed during the last few years under
the usurped rule of a minority. It will last ns long
as tho rule ot the minority continues. It foreshadows
the fate of every county in tho State which has suffi-
cient wealth to tempt the plunderer. The object
seems to be to drive the people by violence and in-
timidation to abandon their homes and lands and
then to purchase them from, tho banished proprietors
at a nominal price or at tax sales under laws passed
for that purpose.
Under these painful and threatening circumstances"
the undersigned feel themselves compelled to appeal
to your Exccllency, and through you to the Congress
of the United States, fo.r protection against the out-
rages of which our fellow-citizens in almost every
county of tho State, and especially those of the coun-
ties of La Fayette and Jackson, have been made the
victims. In this State the executive functionaries,
as well as the legislative and the judicial, are almost
all the creatures of a minority, and the equal instru-
ments of the oppression of tho people whom they
have wronged, whom they consequently fear and
hale.
We invite from Congress a scrutiny and investiga-
tion of the facts alleged and the charges we have
made. If Congress fails to perform the duty which it
owes to our people, if it fails to investigate the
charges we make and to interpose the authority of
the Government to protect peaceful, loyal, and law-
abiding citizens from oppressions which have becomo
unendurable, then will Congress make itself respon-
6iblo for tho consequences which may follow.
Respectfully,
FRANK P. BLAIR.
S.T. GLOVEli.
JdHN HOW.
THOMAS T. GANTT.
G. F. MLLEY.
JOSEPH O'NEIL.
0. D. FILLEY,
JAMES 0. BROADHEAD.
E. R. B&OWN.
The SPEAKER. Tho ten minutes of the
gentleman from Missouri have expired.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiel-
labargur,] my colleague on the committee.
Mr. SHELLABABGER. Mr. Speaker, this
important bill is precisely what its title indi-
cates^ one " to provide a civil government for
Louisiana." The bill assumes as the truth upon
which it is based a proposition that was uttered
by him who administered tho Government be-
fore the present acting President of the Uni-
ted States came into power, and which was
repeated by tho latter, that these revolted
States have lost their civil governments. It
assumes nothing beyond that. It does not
touch what has been, to some extent, the con-
troverted question whether their condition is
exactly analogous t,o Territories or not. It
simply attempts to restore to those States civil
governments ; nothing more, nothing less.
Now, lot me remind gentlemen on the other
side, who havo asserted so earnestly that this
bill is unprecedented in its legal aspects, that
they forget that tho Supreme Court, of the
United States, in a well considered ease, and
by an opinion which according to my present
recollection was unanimous, decided that the
Government of the United States in its Con-
gress has the identical power upon which this
bill proceeds, to wit: the power to decide
whether tho government in a given Slate is
republican or not, and if it be found to be not
of that character, to set it aside.
That was deeided in the celebrated Rhode
Island case, so perfectly familiar to every gen-
tleman of the House who is at all versed in
these legal questions. Gentlemen, therefore,
must not come to us with the -charge there is
anything startling in this bill. My learned
colleague who spoke a moment ago ought not
to forget the very horn-books of his law when
he makes a speech to this House on constitu-
tional questions. Tho Constitution itself speaks
about a Stale being a State notwithstanding
it may have lost its republican government.
Ho upbraids this bill because it speaks of
Louisiana as a Slate. So does your Consti-
tution speak of Slates as things which may be
Stales and yet not have republican govern-
ments, because it assumes that it is possible a
State in the constitutional sense may be a State
and yet have lost its republican government.
Is not that alphabetical constitutional law ?
Do you not find it on the very lace of the
instrument, and why do gentlemen seek to
startle themselves about a question of this
kind ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
Mr. SIIEL 1 jABAR G E R. I cannot yield,
as my time is too short.
Mr. Speaker, there is another thing to which
I wish to call my colleague's attention as well
as that of the other side of the House. lie
speaks of the people of Louisiana. Now, the
electors, the rebel element of Louisiana, have
again and again dealt with this identical gov-
ernment to which we now hear peans sung, and
that it is sacrilege to put our hands upon it.
Why, sir, they treated it as no government at
all. I hold in my hand an act, passed by an
overwhelming vote through one branch of the i
Legislature last winter, and which was only j
prevented from being passed by the other by {
the interference of the President of the United 1
States, the preamble to which declares that the
constitution of 1804 was the creature of fraud
and violence and not in any sense the expres-
sion of the will of tho people.
Mr. BOIER rose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot be inter-
rupted._ Let me say to gentlemen on the other
side ot this Hall that last winter, in that act
to which I have alluded, this disloyal element
of Louisiana proposed to destroy that govern-
ment in a method not jirovided for by, but in
contravention of the principles of that consti-
tution and the mode prescribed for its own
amendment. That act got through one House,
and was only prevented from going through,
the other by the interference of the President
of the United States. Let me remind my col-
league further, that it is only a day or two since
the telegraph brought an announcement that
in defiance of the provisions of that constitu-
tion which they say has no sanction from the
people, but is the creature of fraud and violence,
that in defiance of that constitution they are
to-day passing a law, which we are told will
pass over tho veto of Governor Wells, destroy-
ing that government in a method not provided
for in the Constitution itself.
Now, keep these facts, my fellow-members,
before your minds, and remember that you are
the Representatives of this mighty nation;
that here the voice of the American people
speaks in execution of that provision of your
Constitution which says you shall guaranty to
the States a republican form of government.
After this can any gentleman hesitate to carry
out the obligation and to fulfill the duty imposed
upon Congress, that we shall see to it that these '
States are republican ?
Mr. BOYKR. I ask my colleague to yield
to mo merely for a question.
Mr. SHELlABAItGEli. I would yield to
my friend under 'mother circumstances; but
surely he will not deprive me of any portion of
my poor twenty minutes.
Now, thai is the point where this bill and
every other bill proposing to reconstruct the
States South must rest. It rests upon the right
and the duly of this part of the Government to
see there is kept in each State a republican
form of government. This bill says we will
neither have nor guaranty the government
which is there now and which rests on a dis-
loyal basis, so far as it has any basis at all.
Mr. 130YER. As the gentleman is pausing
now, will he allow me to put my interrogatory ?
Mr. SIIELLABARGEfi. I am only pausiug
in order to get another start. [Laughter.] I will
now, Mr. Speaker, proceed to give tho sub-
stance of the bill. It is as follows:
Its first section requires the President, with
tho assent of the Senate, to appoint a citizen of
Louisiana, who-never in any way favored seces-
sion or rebellion, and who shall file an oath in
tho United States Senate to that effect, provis-
ional governor, to hold his office until a suc-
cessor shall be elected next June.
Its second section requires the President and
Senate, in the same way and from the same
description of loyal citizens, to appoint a legis-
lative council of nine, a majority being a quo-
rum, who remain in office and in session until
June next; and this legislative council make
the laws of the State. And the Governor, with
the assent of this council, appoint from strictly
defined loyal men all the other State officers
known to the present law; who also hold office
until the election of successors in June.
Its third section requires the Governor to see
that all laws of State and United States are
executed/ and that archives and State property
are taken possession of.
Its fourth section requires that tho electors
qualified to vote by the terms of the act shall,
on the first Tuesday of June next, elect from
them who havo ever been truly loyal, as defined
by the bill, all these officers of the State so as
above stated appointed in the first instance.
Its fifth section makes them alone electors,
without distinction of race, who are male cit-
izens of the United States, twenty-one years
old, and one year resident of Louisiana, who
have never voluntarily favored rebellion or
secession ; but it permits them who have never
in any manner favored rebellion otherwise than
as private soldiers in civilized modes of war,
