410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
necessary to the interest of the public that the
office should be filled, and then another mile-
age is to.be paid, and so on from, time to time.
The section of the bill which my friend from
Indiana moves to amend uses in the first clause
pf it precisely the words of the Constitution:
And be it further enacted, Thtt the President shall
have power to fill up all vacancies which may happen
during the recess of the Senate.
Precisely the words of the Constitution,
except, that it goes on to specify in part the
causes which may produce the vacancy by
saying, "by reason of death, resignation, ex-
piration of term of office, or other lawful
cause," which takes in all the causes that may
produce a vacancy. It is therefore' nothing
but a repetition of the language of the Consti-
tution, and gives to the President the power
to appoint, or rather to fill all vacancies which
may happen during the recess of the Senate.
The Attorney General will perhaps give the
same opinion that that means, "happen to
exist," following the unanimous construction
which has been placed upon it by all the law
officers of the Government to whom the ques-
tion has been submitted, and sustained by the
action of every President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the bill is not
objectionable in that respect.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is not. So far
it is free from all objection except this: that it
is unnecessary; it is reaffirming m the form of
a law what we have in the Constitution, and
that constitutes the only objection to it. But
it is the latter part of the section which the
particular amendment proposes to strike out
that is in my judgment very objectionable.
The vacancy being filled now, you do not take
from the President the right to fill it:
And if no appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall he made to such of-
fice so vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid, dur-
ing such next session of the Senate, such office shall
remain in abeyance, without any salary, fees, or
emoluments attached thereto until the same shall be
-Tilted by appointment thereto, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Then the office cannot be filled. That oc-
curs. The vacancy may exist, for the first time
the day before the Senate meets. This section
says that in that case the President shall have
power to fill it. The Constitution expressly
provides—and I beg my friend from Vermont
to reflect upon the effect of that provision-
that in the case of every appointment which
the President may make during the recess to
fill a vacancy, the commission which he is to
give to the officer shall continue until the last
day of the next session. You say it shall not
by that part 'of the bill which the Senator from
Indiana proposes to strike out. You do not
say so in words; but you say that if the Presi-
dent sends in that man's name and you reject
him, or he sends in the name of anybody else
and you reject him, the office shall be vacant
from the date of the rejection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not say that. We
simply say that "if no appointment, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
be made to such office so vacant, or tempora-
rily filled as aforesaid''—and that may be the
same or some other person, and if another
that man's commission would still continue
until the end ofthesession—"during such next
session of the Senate such office shall remain
in abeyance." No fair construction of that lan-
guage, it appears to me, can torture it into an
attempt to limit'the term of this officer who has
been properly temporarily appointed until the
end of that session. I do not see how my friend
from Maryland can make that out, even on a
special demurrer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will call the attention
of the Senator from Maryland to the fifth and
sixth lines of this section, which perhaps he has
overlooked. The provision is;
That the President shall have power to fill all
vacancies which may happen during the recess of the
Senate by reason of death, resignation, expiration
of term of office, or other lawful cause, by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of their
next session thereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That expressly recog-
nizes the right of the person so temporarily
appointed to hold his office until the end of
the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was perfectly aware of
that provision. That is in accordance with the
constitutional clause. The Constitution says
the same thing, the law says the same; but
what is the benefit to the officer of having a
commission which is not to expire until the
end of the next session if he is to get no salary
during any part of that time? The provision,
as I understand, is that he who is appointed
during the recess, unless he is again, after the
termination of the recess, during the session
of the Senate, appointed by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, gets no salary,
and if he is rejected by the Senate the office
from that date is to be considered as in abey-
ance without any salary, fees, &c., attached
thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You interpolate the words
" from that date."
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, it means that if it
means anything.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
would say "from the termination of the session
of the Senate" the clause would not be so ob-
jectionable ; but does he mean to say that the
commission shall extend up to the first day of
the session of the Senate that may occur subse-
quent to the appointment of the President?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, subsequent to the
first appointment which he is authorized to
make; and it is impossible to put any other
construction on the words. 4
Mr. JOHNSON. But according to the view
of the honorable member in the case supposed
he is not authorized to fill the vacancy. But,
sir, I have said all that I proposed to say,
except with reference to the concluding part of
the section which it is proposed to strike out.
It provides that the duties are to be discharged
by some other person connected with the par-
ticular office; but there are a great many offices
for whom'there is no person provided to perform
the duties during a vacancy—a foreign minister
for instance, a judge; nobody connected with
the judiciary could discharge the duties of the
office except the judge; so that while that ad-
mits the necessity of having the duties of the
office discharged, it does not provide a sufficient
remedy for the contingency which it contem-
plates may exist.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to make
any general reply to the observations of my
friend from Indiana, or the very interesting
remarks of my friend from Maryland at this
time, for I have not the physical ability to do
it, but merely to say in reply for a moment to
my friend from Indiana, that there is no very
great detriment to the public service which he
has so glowingly depicted as that of allowing
one branch of the Government to appropriate
to itself or to absorb the exercise of the func-
tions that properly belong to another branch;
and in my opinion (assuming for the moment,
as I expect to be able to prove by and by, that
the functions which we attempt to protect the
Senate in the exercise of by this bill properly
belong to it,) there is no practical difficulty,
there is no unpleasant conjuncture of affairs in
the way of inconvenience and trouble, which
would justify us for a moment in omitting to
provide for the protection of those functions
and powers that belong to us. If the Consti-
tution has reposed them in us, it is our duty,
at whatever expense of trouble and inconven-
ience, to perform them. It is the duty of the
President, whenever the occasion arises in
which it shall be necessary for him conjointly
with us to perform them, it is his business to
give us information of the fact and call us
together to act.
And I wish to say a single word further as a
temporary reply to what fell from the Senator
from Indiana. He has stigmatized this meas-
ure as being one pushed forward for partisan
purposes, reversing the settled construction of
the Constitution, exposing the public service
of the Government to great injury and incon-
venience, ifa order that the political friends of
the party in power may be protected or may
be avenged if they have suffered anything, as
the case may be. Now, sir, speaking for my-
self, and I think speaking for a majority of the
party to whom I belong, I repudiate totally
and absolutely any such accusation. The func-
tions which we are endeavoring to protect will
belong as much to the Senate (if that singular
millennium should ever happen to come) when
it shall be composed of a majority of the friends
of the Senator from Indiana, as they do as it is
now constituted. We are not legislating for
men; this is a Government of laws, not of men.
We are merely protecting the functions of a
body to whom the Constitution has intrusted-
in part the execution of the laws in being a
coordinate branch with the President and a
concurring branch in the selection of all the
agents of the Government. That is what we
are doing. I do not, therefore, choose to sub-
mit to the imputation for a single moment
that there is either in this bill or out of it, in
respect to the spirit in which it is proposed,
any attempt to advance anybody's political
views whatever or to aid anybody's friends.
It is an attempt to restore the practice of the
Government to its true original theory, and to
preserve to this body, which Mr. Madison, one
of the authors of the Constitution, declared to
be the great anchor of the Government, some
of those high powers and duties of which prac-
tically it has been stripped.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As illustrating the
views I have expressed on the point made by
the Senator from Michigan, I wish to cite one
or two cases. On the 3d of March, 1863, an
act was passed "to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho." That
act required for its execution the appointment
of a Governor, of a secretary, of judges, so
that there might be a government established
out there. It was passed during the day some
time, and approved on the 3d of March, per-
haps twelve, perhaps twenty-four hours before
the adjournment of Congress. Now, I submit
to any Senator whether the Congress of the
United States understood that the President
was not to execute that law, whether any Sen-
ator dreamed that he was to fill all those offices
during the six, ten, twelve, or twenty-four
hours that intervened before the adjournment
of Congress? Did any Senator expect that of
him? None. It was impossible; he could
not select the right men in that time. He had
to consider of it; it was a matter requiring a
good deal of consideration. Here were im-
portant officers to be appointed to establish a
new government for a people in the distant
West.
Again, sir, on the 8d of March, 1865, a law
was passed 11 to establish a Bureau for the Re-
lief ofFreedmen and Refugees." That bill pro-
vided for a Commissioner to be at the head of
the entire establishment. This government
within a government was to extend over the re-
bellious States, and this Commissioner of the
bureau was to be at the head of the entire busi-
ness. The execution of the law required the
very first thing that he should be appointed^
and yet the law was passed within but a few
hours of the adjournment of Congress.
Now I ask of Senators two questions: first,
was it expected that that important officer
would be selected by the President and his nom-
ination sent to the Senate and confirmed within
the few hours before the adjournment? and
in the second place, if that was not practicable,
which it was not, as a matter of course, or prob-
ably not, at least, then was it anticipated by
Congress that that law should not be executed
during the nine months before the meeting of
the Senate again, provided that there should be
no session of the Senate in the mean time? It
is true an extra session of the Senate was called
on the 4th of March after the adjournment, but
Congress had no control of that. That session
was not called with a view to the confirmation
of this particular officer. Whether he was con-
firmed at. that extra session I am not prepared
to say; but I am citing this as an instance.
