1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
prepare the necessary maps for the same, and also
inquiring whether any appropriation had been made
to meet the expenses of employing surveyors,
draftsmen, chainmen, and for other necessary pur-
poses, you were pleased to say that " the resolu-
tion of the Senate to hare the work done, and the
instructions of thocommittee, is ample guarantee that
whatever expense is involved will be appropriated
for on the meeting of Congress." I accordingly sub-
mitted, with your letter, an estimate to the honorable
Secretary of War, and requested that the necessary
funds be furnished me for conducting the survey. Xhe
matter was referred to the President in Cabinet, and
the papers were returned with the following indorse-
ment by the Secretary: "referred to the chief of En-
gineers. By order of the President, the necessary
expenditure for the surveysmado undertho direction
of tlie congressional committee wi!lt be paid by the
chief of Engineers out of appropriations for that
bureau." . .
A communication from the chief of Engineers,
dated October 27,1866, a copy of which I beg leave
to submit for your consideration, was accordingly
addressed to me. The amount of my estimate was
$2,185 20, and of this amount 82,000 has been furnished
upon my requisition from the appropriation for ' sur-
veys for military defenses." It will be seen by my
instructions that I am directed to refund to that ap-
propriation the amount expendedwhen the congress-
ional committee shall have provided the meansof
carrying into effect the provisions of the resolution
of the Senate. To enable me to do so, and as I still
require the balance of my estimate to meet expenses \
already incurred, and an additional sum of a few j
hundred dollars to complete the more accurate maps
already far advanced in course of preparation, I
would respectfully request that an appropriation of
$2,500 be asked of Congress to cover the disburse-
ments made under the orders of your honorable com-
mittee.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. MICHLER,
Major of Engineers, Brevet Brigadier General
United States Army.
Hon. B. Gratz Brown', Chairman Committee of Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, United States Senate.
Engineer Department,
Washington, October 27,1866.
General: Under the verbal orders of the chief
of Engineers, with tho consent of the General-in
Chief, approved by the Secretary of War, you were
on the 28th of July last (in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the United States of the 18th
of the same month) directed to select a tract of land
for a park and site for a Presidential Mansion.
The Secretary of War, by order of the President of
the United States, under date of October 25, 1866,
directs that " the necessary expenditures for the sur-
veys made under the direction of the congressional
committee will bo paid by the chief of Engineers,
out of appropriations for that bureau." Accord-
ingly in the performance of this duty, the hire of the
requisite assistants and laborers, as well as the neces-
sary expenditures incident to the surveys are author-
ized: and funds to the amount of your estimate for
the purpose, namely, $2,185 20, accompanying the
orders of the Secretary of War, will be remitted to
you upon your requisition, as they may be needed
irom the appropriation for surveys for military de-
fenses,'' &c.
The amount so expended will bo refunded to the
above appropriation when the congressional commit-
tee shall have provided the means for carrying into
effect the provisions of the resolution of the Senate
above referred to.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Chief of Engineer*. Brigadier and Brevet Major Gen-
eral United States Army.
Brevet Brigadier General N. Michler, United States
4-rmy, Major of Engineers, Washington, I). C.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the amendment
come from any committee ?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir. I offer it by
direction of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That the Paymaster Gen-
eral be authorized to pay under such regulations as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe, in addition to
the amount received by them, for tho traveling
expenses of such California volunteers as were dis-
charged at points distant from the place or places of
rendezvous, such proportionate sums according to the
distance traveled as have been paid to the troops
of other States similarly situated; and such amount
asshall be necessity to pay thesame ishereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
This is intended to reach some cases of pecu-
liar hardship. The California volunteers 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the amendment
recommended by any committee?
Mr. CONNESS. It is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I raise the point
of order on it. I am obliged to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says he is
obliged to raise the point of order on this
amendment, I do not know that he is. I
think if the Senator would listen to the state-
ment I was about to make he would see the
propriety of the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knows
very well that, whatever the statement may be,
I have inquired in regard to every amendment
offered that made an appropriation of money
if it came from a committee, and if not, whether
it was recommended by a Department. If that
is not the case, I am obliged by my duty as
chairman of the Finance Committee to object.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I shall ask that the
Senate lay this bill over till to-morrow, and in
the mean time I shall submit this proposition
to the Committee on Military Affairs, whose
indorsement I have no fear of being able to
obtain, for it relates to a case of peculiar hard-
ship. I was not going to occupy much of the
time of the Senate in stating it. I was going
to say that some California volunteers, dis-
charged contrary to their wishes, and some
discharged by their assent, in New Mexico,
were furnished the sum of eighty dollars in
legal-tender notes, to pay their traveling ex-
penses to San Francisco, Sacramento, and
other places in California where they were
enlisted. I may say that/1 myself have fur-
nished many of these men with the means of
supplying their necessities ; I was called upon
only this day by one of them. I have a large
amount of papers from the War Department
here relating to this case. Provision has been
made for the payment of Michigan and other
volunteers who were discharged in the Terri-
tory of Utah distant from the place of their
enlistment, giving them reasonable compensa-
tion, as much as would pay the expenses of
their travel; while our volunteers are unpro-
vided for who to some extent were discharged
and had to travel, many of them on foot,
unable to provide animals, through the deserts
and burning sands of New Mexico and Arizona,
and finally, after they succeeded in reaching
the populated districts, begging their way to
the point where they enlisted.
I do not wish to detain the Senate; I do not
wish to paint a case that involves more than
the real facts. It is simply asking that these
soldiers be paid the same compensation that
has been paid to troops of other States, in
proportion to the distance they traveled from
the point at which they were discharged to the
point at which they enlisted. I know if I
should ask the Senate to lay this bill over until
to-morrow it would be making a serious re-
quest ; but I shall nevertheless do it, because
it did not occur to me that there would be an
objection to this proposition. I know the
necessity of the rule which the honorable
Senator from Maine invokes, which is to keep
old claims and cases not well considered off
appropriation bills, and of course I approve
of the rule; but it appeared to me that this
was a case so clearly just that it would com-
mend itself even to the unanimous approbation
of the Senate. I hope the Senator will allow
it to be tested by the Senate, and not impose
upon me the disagreeable duty of asking to lay
this bill over until to-morrow. If so, I shall
do it, and ask the Committee on Military
Affairs to consider the proposition. We are
not here to ask for any favors on behalf of
California volunteers for any excess of com-
pensation of any kind for them ; but I do not
believe there is a Senator here who will refuse
to give them the fair amount of compensation
allowed to troops from other States. These
men, every man of them, entered the service
with the determination and with the promise
that they would be led into the field. They
had service of a most onerous character during
the entire war, and better troops never stepped
than they were. The duties to which they
were appointed were always performed without
faltering, and they always had the approbation
of their immediate commanders as well as
that of the War Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I first ask the Senate to
give the amendment the unanimous consider-
ation to which I feel that it is entitled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only raise the
point of order, and the Chair must do with it
what it sees fit.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Chair will submit
the point to the Senate I shall be satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment does not come within the rule, but it is
in the power of the Senate to receive it if
they shall so determine. The Chair will take
the sense of the Senate on that question. Sen-
ators who are in favor of receiving this amend-
ment, though not within the rule of the Senate,
will indicate it 
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to take a
point of order on the Chair. If that practice
is once commenced here and followed, it will
be the end of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has a right under the rule to submit any point
of order to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair has already
stated that this amendment clearly comes
within the exclusion of the rule, and therefore
the only question is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
On that point there cannot be a particle of
doubt?
Mr. CONNESS. I did not understand the
Chair to make any decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
said it was clearly not within the rule of the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not understand the
Chair to make any such decision ; but I should
think the honorable Senator from Ohio would
have no objection to submitting this matter to
the sense of the Senate, and if it is not the
clear sense of the Senate to accept the amend-
ment I shall not press it, but shall ask that
the bill be laid over until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggesttothe Sena-
tor from California that he do not arrest the
progress of the bill at present. There are other
amendments in all probability that will be
offered.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
from Missouri that I did not rise to offer this
amendm ent until the Chair wa3 about proceeding
to transfer the bill from the Committee of the
Whole to the Senate. If there be other amend-
monts to be offered, I have no objection to this
being laid over; but I cannot see, as I before
stated, why the Senate may not have this ques-
tion submitted to them. I think they will re-
ceive the amendment with unanimity, and thus
the matter will be settled.
Mr. HENDERSON. Afterthe bill has been
reported to the Senate it will still be subject to
amendment, and I suggest to the Senator that
after the bill has been further considered and
other amendments submitted and disposed of
he can then make his motion, and I shall be
disposed to vote with him; but I am not dis-
posed to arrest the progress of the bill just at
this moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Chair
is called upon to decide under the rule, he, of
course, decides that the amendment of the
Senator from California is not in order accord-
ing to the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will withdraw the
amendment at the present time; but when the
bill comes into the Senate I shall ask that it be
laid over until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
all the other amendments thatareto be offered
acted upon before a motion of that kind is
made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer this amendment as
an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the principal
assistant to the Paymaster General United States
Army shall receive the same compensation allowed
bylaw to the Assistant Paymasters General United
States Army, from the 15th day of May, 1865, at which
time he was specially assigned ao such principal
