1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
oised even where the country is not in the open
or armed possession of a domestic or foreign
enemy, and where the laws are suspended
only " in consequence of the courts not being
open for the redress of personal grievances."
And, sir, I cannot for want of time stop here to
show what I think is most evident indeed,
that there is another principle of public and
constitutional law upon which can be most
securely rested the power of the United States
to enforce, in Louisiana, through its military
forces, law, order, and civil government, sub-
ject all the while to the controlling duty and
obligation to make all this exercise of tem-
porary power only provisional and in aid of
the duty to guaranty as soon as may be to
Louisiana a republican government.
That principle is that the people of Louisi-
ana have just been conquered in war, and as
Buch can be governed by military force so long
as the conqueror may find the military power
necessary to completely subdue and overcome
the rebellious spirit of the people. In Califor-
nia, as conqucror, you established a civil gov-
crment, imposed duties onimports and tonnage,
and exercised all necessary control over the
people, and all this organized and enforced by
pure military command; and yet of these mil-
itary governments so established over what had
then by conquest come to be your own territory
the Supreme Court of the United States say,
in Cross et al. vs. Harrison, (16 Howard, 190,)
that—
"No one can doubt that these ordors of the Pres-
ident, and the action of our Army and Navy com-
manders in California in accordance with them, were
according to the law of arms."
I am not saying that we may continue mili-
tary sway over them of Louisiana and omit to
restore and guaranty to them a republican
government as long or to the same extent that
we could over a more Territory ; but I do say
that if the United States has the right to over-
throw a rebellion by war at all, its war powers
cannot bo arrested and at an end the moment
that arms are wrested from the public enemy
and organized war is crushed, but continues
until all such hostility to the United States is
annihilated as is too strong to be controlled by
courts and constables. If this bo not so, then
it is absolutely self-evident that the United
States has no power to put down rebellion at
all, for then the Government is obliged to
cease exerting the only power that is sufficient
to attain the ends of the war before the actual
resistance of the rebellion to the law is ended.
And the rebellion is thus permitted to assert
its constitutional rights in such a way as to
destroy the Constitution.
But, sir, this is not all. In his message veto-
ing the Freedmen's Bureau bill the President
sustained that veto by the argument that that
bill would remain operative for one year.
And yet this law commits the absolute and
complete control of all subjects relating to
refugees and freedmen to the Army, under con-
trol of the War Department. Here, then, the
control of civil affairs and the enforcement of
law are, by a law approved by the President,
continued in force for more than one year after
flagrant war is ended.
I will now in the few minutes that I have left
say a few words in regard to the condition of
Louisiana, and let us see if there is that state of
subordination that requires and justifies this law
and the interposition of the military authority
of this Government. I will not run through,
as I cannot, the horrid details of what has oc-
curred and what is being brought before the
country from ten thousand sources of reliable
testimony. It is enough that I should point to
one single, strange, and startling fact, which
taken by itself is utterly overwhelming and
conclusive, and that is, that on the 30th day
of July last at high noon, by prearranged plan—
the proof of prearrangement being absolutely
conclusive and overwhelming—the police, with
officers and citizens of New Orleans organized,
a part of them constituting what was called the
Hayes brigade, for the purpose of slaughter,
and did then and there, with shout3 and hur-
rahs for Jefferson Davis and Andrew Johnson
mingling with theirinferng.1 orgies,' execute some
two hundred murders in the streets.
The names of a majority, if not all, of those
murderers are known to the people of New
Orleans. The names are in the reports before
this House j and yet with these facts before
the authorities of the State, and written down
in its history, not even an attempt has been
made at prosecution against a single one of the
offenders, the only prosecution that has been
attempted being against the victims of the
wrong. Gentlemen on the other side get up
here and tell us the courts are open. Ah, gen-
tlemen, the courts are, indeed, open there, but
under rebel control, in rebel sympathy for the
purpose of protecting—and I declaim not now,
but talk cautiously by the book—rather of pro-
tecting and shielding than for the punishment
of crimc when that crime is of a political char-
acter and is committed against the loyal people
of Louisiana.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LB BLOND. How do we know that ?
Your report has never been published, and we
are groping here in the dark.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that the statement just made by my colleague
on the committee is not the fact. [Cries of
" Order 1"]
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered;
the pending question is first on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] to insert in line five before the word
" Governor" the word " provisional."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BOYER. I call for <the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The Clerk read the engrossed copy of the
bill.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 47, not voting
30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwcll, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom. Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth.Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, llotchkiss. John If. Hubbard, Ilulburd, In-
gersoll, Jenokes, Julian, Kellcy, Kelso, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Maiston, Marvin,
Maynard,McClurg, Mclndoe, MeRuor, Mercur. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Pame, Patterson, Pcrham,
Pike, Plants, Price, Alexander II. Rico, John II.
Rice. Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens. Stokes, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnam,
Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welkcr, Wentworth,
Williams, James I\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wu-
dom, and Woodbridge—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bingham, Boyer,
Campbell, Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, lSld-
ridge, Finck, Glossbreimer, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Hura-
Ehrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond,
eftwich, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers. Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sul-
well, Strouse, Tabcr, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Andrew H. Ward, and
Whaley—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Benjamin, Bergen,
Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Conkling, Culver, Defrees,
Dodge, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Asanel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Jones, Kasson, McKee, Phelps, Pomeroy,
William H. Randall, Raymond. Schenck, Trimble,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Winfield,
and Wright—30.
So the. bill was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. MERCUR. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Kasson, is absent
by leave of the House on business relating to
the committee of which he is a member.
Mr. DEMING. I desire to say on behalf
of my colleague,' Mr. Brandegee, that he ia
paired with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Bergen, upon all questions relating to the
subject of reconstruction. I desire also to say
on behalf of the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Griswold, that he is called away by im-
perative business.
Mr. HILL. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. H. D. Washburn, is paired with
Mr. WiuriELD, of New York.
Mr. DARLING. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Hart, is unavoidably absent.
If he were present he would vote for this bill.
Mr. IiETCHAM. I desire to state that my
colleagues, Mr. Pomeroy and Mr. Jones, are
paired. If Mr. Pomeroy were present he
would vote for this bill.
The result of the vote being announced as
above recorded,
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to
Senate joint resolution No. 09, for the relief
of Paul Forbes, under his contract with the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam sloop of war Idaho, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of ths House
was requested.
evening session
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
take a recess from half past four o'clock till
half past seven this evening.
Mr. BINGHAM. To go on with the regu-
lar business?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. What will the regular
business be?
The SPEAKER. The next business in or-
der will be the bill reported from the joint Com-
mittee on Reconstruction for the military gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States, which is
open to debate.
Mr. DAWSON. Is it expected that a vote
will be taken this evening?
The SPEAKER. Probably not.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes ninety-four, noes not
counted.
So the order for a reccss was adopted.
enrolled joint resolution.
. Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution of the
following title:
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 247) for the re-
lief of James Keenan; when the Speaker signed
the same.
credentials—south carolina.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to present the credentials
of Hon. William Aiken, claiming to be enti-
tled to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the first congressional district of South
Carolina.
The credentials were received, and referred
under the rule to the joint Committee on
Reconstruction.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Clerk, informed the House that the Senate
had passed, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, bill
of the House No. 1053, granting an increase
of pension to John J. Sohan.
government of insurrectionary states.
The House resumed as the next business ia
order the consideration of House bill No.
1143, to provide a more efficient government
