1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
assistantby the Secretary of War; and asum sufficient
to pay the same is hereby appropriated from any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
This amendment is to conform the pay of the
principal assistant in the Paymaster General's
department to the other departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from a
committee?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I must make the
point of order on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
rule of the Senate, an amendment of this kind
must either come from a committee or be
recommended by the head of a Department.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is not this amendment in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will have the rule read to the Senate.
The Secretary read the 80th Rule, as fol-
lows :
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
sinns shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide
claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions of an
existing law or a stipulation."
Mr. SPRAGUE. This proposition is rec-
ommended by the paymaster's department of
the Army, and it also has the sanction of the
Secretary of War. It failed in the other House
from an informality in the wording of the amend-
ment there. General Schenck favors it, and
is anxious that it should pass. It is in favor
of a very worthy officer, and it is simply to
make his position conform to that of officers
of corresponding rank in the Army. Similar
provisions have been made in other cases, and
I trust this proposition will be allowed to go
npon this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's state-
ment does not bring it within the rule.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I modify the amendment
by striking out the last clause making an
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that it is
not exactly in order to be increasing salaries
and giving back pay, going back to 1865, on
this bill. It is substantially the same thing as it
was in the appropriating clause that was stricken
out,. I ask to have the 30th Rule read again.
The Secretary read the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment does
not propose an appropriation, but it leads to
an appropriation, and it is a pretty keen sort
of doage. It is not strictly an appropriation,
but it necessarily involves an appropriation,
and I should like to know the opinion of the
Chair upon that point, whether it is or is not
admissible under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it increases the compensation of an
officer and involves an appropriation ; but as
it does not make an appropriation it is not
strictly within the exclusion of the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I ask whether it
is not a private claim? It provides for addi-
tional compensation to an individual for ser-
vices heretofore rendered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is a public officer,
performing the duties of this position.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that this meas-
ure is indorsed by the Paymaster General and
the Secretary of War. I should like to have
their indorsements of this application read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Paymaster Gen-
eral is not the head of a department within the
rule. I do not hear of any recommendation by
the Secretary of War; but if so, I should like
to see it.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that this appli-
cation is indorsed by both the Paymaster Gen-
eral and the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I should like to
know that fact, and in what way it is indorsed;
whether it comes in the shape of a recommend
ation from the head of a Department.
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If this
amendment is to pay for services performed
in the past it is in the nature .of a private
claim, and cannot be received under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I am now authorized to
offer, with the approbation of the Committee
on Military Affairs, the following amendment
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral be authorized to pay, under such regulations as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe, in addition
to the amount received by them for the traveling
expenses of such California volunteers as were
discharged in New Mexico and Utah and at points
distant from the place or places of enlistment, such
proportionate sums, according to tho distance trav-
eled,as have been paid to the troops of other States
similarly situated; and such amount as shall beneces-
sary to pay the same is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand now that
that comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
California accept an amendment including
Nevada? Some volunteers went from that
State to Utah and were discharged there under
the same circumstances.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
not press that at the present time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the second section, and ask
that that section be read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of tho Army of the United
States shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued by the President or Secretary of War
shall be issued through the General of the Army,
and, in case of his inability, through the noxt in
rank. Tho General of the Army shall not be re-
moved. suspended, or relieved from command, or
assignod to duty elsewhere than at said headquar-
ters, except at his own request, without the previous
approval of the Senate; and any orders or instruc-
tions relating to military operations issued contrary
to the requirements of this section shall bo null and
void; and any officer who shall issue orders or in-
structions contrary to the provisions of this section
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor'in office;
and any officer of the Army who shall transmit, con-
vey, or obey any orders or instructions so issued con-
trary to the provisions of this section, knowing that
such orders were so issued, shall be liable to impris-
onment for not less than two nor moro than twenty
years, upon conviction thereof in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Mr. JOHNSON. At this period of the ses-
sion, when it is very important that all these
bills should pass in some shape, it would be
very improper in me to take up the time of the
Senate by anything like a discussion. I shall
content myself, therefore, with saying that it
seems to me perfectly obvious that that section
is in direct conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. The Constitution, in express
terms, not content with placing the entire ex-
ecutive power of the nation in the executive
department of the Government and in the
President of the United States as the head of
that department, provides that he shall be the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army. And this
section says, although in the absence of such a
provision General Grant would be under the
control of the President as the constitutional
Commander-in-Chief, his station shall bo here
though that commander may think it should be
elsewhere. And it goes on further and says
that no orders shall be issued of a military
character except in accordance with the pro-
visions of this bill; and proposes to punish any
officer of the Government who may dare in the
face of Congress to obey a military order com-
ing from the constitutional Commander-in-
Chief.
As I said, I rose with no purpose of discuss-
ing the propriety of the section, and shall con-
tent myself with stating that, in my judgment,
it is a clean and palpable infraction of the Con-
stitution of the United States ; and upon the
vote I shall call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say that I
altogether agree with the Senator from Mary-
land, that this provision is in direct violation
of the Constitution of the United States, and
cannot be made law here. The virtue of the
Executive is to be extracted and to be elimi-
nated and to be exproduced, so that he shall
have no power at all over the Army of the Uni-
ted States or its General. We have now in com-
mand of the armies a General who is subordi-
nate by the Constitution to him, who by the
Constitution is denominated Commander-in-
Chief of the armies and navies of the United
States. This thing of trifling with great con-
stitutional principles may seem well to some ;
it may be within the range of the capacity of
Senators to feel well when they undertake to
usurp authority forbidden by the Constitution
of the United States; but it is not so with me.
I do not care to elaborate an argument on this
subject, because every intelligent Senator who
has a right to vote upon this floor ought to
know that this is a gross attempt at a violation
of the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The propriety of this
provision is one thing; no question upon that
Eoint has been raised by the Senators who
ave spoken. They have, however, given very
positive opinions, and contented themselves
with their expression, that this is an unconsti-
tutional provision, and one of them says it is
so palpably so that no Senator of any intelli-
gence can fail to perceive it. Now, sir, I con-
fess myself to be one of those Senators having
some small degree of intelligence—I do not
claim a great deal—who do not perceive the
force of the constitutional objection. I think
the provision is clearly constitutional. The
mistake that arises in reference to this matter
is in not recognizing the fact that in this coun-
try the sovereign power is in the hands of the
people, and that the people exercise that sov-
ereign power through Congress, the Senators
and Representatives. The President is by the
Constitution the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. That is a very distinct
position from his position as President of tho
United States. He is made by the provisions
of the Constitution Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy. That is a provision
which fixes his rank. If we have an Army,
the Constitution says he shall be the Com-
mander-in-Chief of it. If we have a Navy,
the Constitution says he shall be its Com-
mander-in-Chief. But while the Constitution
fixes the rank of the President of the United
States as a military and naval officer, it keeps
within the control of the people of the United
States, represented in Congress, the power to
raise armies and to create a navy and the
power to pass rules and regulations for the
government of the land and naval forces. That
power is reserved in the hands of the people,
to be exercised through the Congress of the
United States. Now, sir, I hold that, although
the President is Commander-in-Chief as a
matter of military rank, yet what armies shall
be raised, where they shall go, where they shall
be disbanded, what they shall do, and what all
their officers shall do, are matters to be regu-
lated by the sovereign power; and that sov-
ereign power is to be exercised precisely as
sovereign power is exercised in any case. The
commander-in-chief of the army of Russia, I
take it, would be subject to the power of the Em-
peror. The Commander-in-Chief of the Army
of the United States is subject to the power of
the people, to be exercised by Congress ; and I
deny that because his military rank is fixed as
Commander-in-Chief by the Constitution the
people may not through their Congress pass
all such rules and regulations with regard to
the exercise of military power as they see fit,
and devolve that power upon any military
officer. They cannot, perhaps, authorize an
officer to command the Commander-in-Chief,
but they can direct any officer what to do.
That I hold very distinctly is the power of the
people; and gentlemen mistake when they
suppose that because the President as a matter
of military rank is head of the Army it is out
of the power of Congress to say what that head
of the Army shall do, c* shall not do.
This provision is founded upon that simple
principle, nothing more nor less. It make* a
rule with regard to the Army which it ha' a
