1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
right to make, that the headquarters of a par-
ticular officer shall be at a particular place;
that he shall stay in that place, and that he
shall not be removed from it. And it has a
right, moreover, to say that all orders shall
pass through him as General. That is a rule
and regulation which the people of the United
States have a right to prescribe, and which
they here propose to prescribe; and they have
a right to say that any person violating that
rule shall be subjected to the punishment that
they choose to inflict and designate. That is
all that is done here. a
Therefore, on this plainand simple principle,
which I take this opportunity to enunciate as
my opinion in opposition to the opinion of the
honorable Senator from Maryland, this provis-
ion is no violation of the Constitution. It is-
merely an exercise of the right which the peo-
ple arc at perfect liberty, as the sovereign power
of this country, to exercise and declare just as
they see fit. frothing more is done here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is a slight dif-
ference between "rank," as the Senator from
Maine chooses to use the term, and "author-
ity.'' The President of the United States is
clothed both with rank and with authority.
They are given to him by virtue of the very
terms of the Constitution. The question of
rank which the Senator raises as adverse to
the question of authority is a mere desertion
of the logic of the truth. There is the author-
ity conferred upon the President of the United
States to command the Army and the Navy.
It is not mere rank. He has rank with his
authority. The Senator uses the term very
ingeniously, well calculated to deceive simple
men, not fit language to inform men who have
to do with legislation. ''RankI" Generally
a rank involves authority; and when authority
and rank go together who has the right to dis-
pute in the orders of government? I under-
stand this cunning device, and I think it will be
well understood by the people of this country.
It is but a cunning device.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I Btated before, I have
no idea of embarking in a discussion on this
bill, and I would not have risen again but for
the few remarks accompanying the opinion
which he so positively expressed, which fell
from the honorable member from Maine. I
understood the honorable member to place the
constitutionality of this measure upon the
ground that the people are sovereign 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And they have dis-
tinctly retained that sovereignty over the Army.
Mr. JOHNSON. And that the legislative
department of the Government is the depart-
ment in which that absolute sovereignty of the
people is placed. In one sense the people are
sovereign. They can, in a constitutional mode,
change their political institutions from time to
time, but in the exercise of their sovereignty
it is for them to decide how in any particular
constitution that sovereignty shall be exercised,
and they have delegated such portion of it as
they thought proper to delegate to each of the
three departments of the Government; and
the question, therefore, to be decided is, what
is the construction to be placed upon the de-
partments to which respectively is confided the
legislative and executive powers of the Gov-
ernment? I understand the honorable mem-
ber virtually as saying that it would be in the
power of the Congress of the United States to
conduct a military campaign in time of war, to
provide by legislation where the fleets of the
United States are to go, to send commissioners
to head the armies, as was done by France
during the Revolution, and to control the mili-
tary officers in command. Our Constitution,
in my judgment, takes an entirely different
view. It intrusts, and intrusts only, to Con-
gress the particular legislative powers which it
confers. It intrusts .the whole executive power
of the Government to the President of the
United States; and not satisfied with that, even
consulting the Constitution by itself, and more
especially calling to our assistance the delib-
erations of the Convention by which the Con-
stitution was formed, it provided, for the very
purpose of escaping from the interference of
Congress in the management of the armies of
the United States, as far as the command was
concerned, a provision that the President of
the United States should be, not with the per-
mission, but against the permission of Con-
gress, the Commander-in-Chief. Now, says
the Senator, that is true; you cannot by law
say that he may not be the Commander-in-
Chief, but you can by law take from him the
right to command.
The Constitution says that the President
shall be the superior of any military officer
appointed under the authority of Congress.
The honorable member from Maine maintains
that although that is done it is in the power
of Congress to say that, notwithstanding by the
Constitution he is the Commander-in-Chief,
the actual command shall be devolved upon a
man of our appointment, and that upon the
ground that the people of the United States
are sovereign. In my judgment—and I speak
it with the very sincere respect in which 1 hold
the opinion of the honorable member from
Maine—it is a constitutional heresy, which in
the end will not for a moment bear the sup-
port of the people. It has it now, if it shall
have it at all, only in the relation which un-
happily is supposed to exist, and does exist,
as between the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army under the Constitution and the Con-
gress of the United States. Who for a mo-
ment would believe that if the late lamented
President had remained at the head of the
Government, or if any other man was at the
head of the Government having the confidence
of the Congress of the United States, a law of
this sort would be passed? Such a law has
never been suggested in any antecedent part
of the history of the Government, and now it
is for the first time introduced, as I think, be-
cause of the supposed exigencies in which the
majority of Congress may think the country is
placed owing to their apparent want of confi-
dence in the constitutional Commander-in-
Chief. „
Suppose the President of the United States
should be satisfied that the presence of General
Grant was necessary in the case of an invasion
or an outbreak again in some other place
than Washington, and he should order him
there, and he should say "No, I will not go,"
could not the President go himself? No ;
because it goes on to say that no military offi-
cer of the Government shall at any time obey
any order issued by the President of the United
States or by any other authority which stands
in conflict with the provisions of this bill. The
right, therefore, to command the military com-
mander, who stands first in point of rank un-
der him, is denied; and the right practically to
take himself the command is denied, because
he is unable to get the officers, without whom
his right of command is entirely useless and
nugatory.
Mr. President, to depart from the Constitu-
tion under any circumstances is hazardous. I
said during the existence of the rebellion, and
I repeat it now, that if I had been the Presi-
dent of the United States I would have often
done acts which the Constitution of the United
States would not have authorized, if, in my
judgment, I believed they were necessary to
maintain the integrity of the Government;
and one of the reasons by which I was guided
in casting a vote which I cast the other day,
for which I have been much censured, and
which I shall again cast if the subject shall be
brought before us, was because I considered
the country as now brought into a revolu-
tionary condition, and I will do anything and
everything which I believe promises an escape
from that condition and a return to the condi
tion in which the Constitution contemplates
we should forever remain. But that is not
necessary now. General Grant, it is not to be
supposed for a moment, would be ordered by
the President of the United States to go else-
where and establish elsewhere his headquar-
ters, unless, in the judgment of the President,
it should be absolutely necessary to the interest
of the Government; and whether he is here
or elsewhere is not a fact in which the safety
of the Government can be involved. I have
so much confidence in that military officer
that I am satisfied he would rather be as he is,
under the command of the President, than be
placed in a situation in which it would be his
privilege to say to him: "I obey no order
that you may give me unless I myself approve
it."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Maryland, with all his learning and astuteness,
has fallen into a very common error, and that is,
to suppose that there is no distinction between
the President of the United States as such and
the President as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. They are two very entirely
distinct things. They are connected just so far
as this: that he who is one must necessarily
be the other, by the Constitution ; but they are
different offices, having different relations to
the Government and to the Constitution itself.
The President of the United States is the exec-
utive officer; that is, he must execute all laws
passed by the Congress of the United States.
That is true. He has the executive power.
That has relation to his civil duties, and not to
his military duties any further than those mili-
tary duties are directed by the laws of the
United States. But as General-in-Chief of the
Army he is a mere military officer. According
to the natural inference from the honorable
Senator's remarks, he has absolute power to
do as he pleases with our armies because he is
Commander-in-Chief; when we have raised an
Army and get it into the field, we have no fur-
ther power over it, cannot direct its operations
in any way, cannot direct against whom its
operations shall be carried, and cannot make
any rules which regulate it in actual service I
Why, sir, if that doctrine be true, we are at the
pleasure of a military despot at any time who
may happen to be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army of the United States.
That is not the theory of the Constitution,
let me tell the Senator. The Constitution
merely assigns to him his military rank at the
head of the Army and at the head of the Navy;
and he has all the powers belonging to that
rank except so far as they may be limited by
the laws passed by the people of the United
States through their representatives. We can
just as well control the President as Com-
manderin-Chief as we can control any one of
his subordinates. The people of this country
did not give themselves into the hands of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army. They said
who should be the Commander-in-Chief; but
what the Commander-in-Chief should do and
what he should not do are totally different
questions, and questions over which the people
of the United States kept their own control,
and ^ hope to God they always will keep it.
I am not attempting to discuss the (fierits of
this proposition, nor the taste of it. That is a
different thing. The House of Representatives
passed it, and the Finance Committee have
submitted it to the Senate upon questions of
its propriety in every sense. But when the
Senator gets up here and says so positively that
when I, as chairman of the Committee on
Finance reported this, I was giving my assent
to what no sensible man could consider a con-
stitutional provision, substantially 
Mr. JOHNSON. I said no such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the plain in-
ference—then I feel bound to defend my own
position and to say that I do not agree with the
honorable Senator that the thing is so pal-
pable as he seems to suppose. Why, sir, sup-
pose we pass—there is no question that we cau
pass—rules and regulations for the government
of the Army. Suppose the President should
direct an officer to violate a rule and regula-
tion ; could the officer excuse himself on the
ground that he was ordered by the Commander-
in-Chief to violate it? That may be submitted
to in time of war, and it may do in some ser-
vices in some countries under mere military
regulations, but it will not do here, and it ought
not to do here.
