fftn CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the bill with
the amendments be printed, so that we' can see
on Monday morning what the amendments are.
The motion was agreed t<j.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rene\v nay motion.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened and the Senate-adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 11, 1867..
• The-Bouse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. G. B. Boynton.
1 The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
rifle cannon.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask
tmani'nlous consent to submit the following
preamble and resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that the Navy of the United
States is unprovided with rifle cannon of largo cali-
ber, corresponding with those used in Europea'n serv-
ice; and whereas experiments have been mado by
American citizens in the construction of wrought-
iron cannon of large caliber, suitable fbr rifle shot
and calculated to supplythe alleged deficiency in the
naval ordnance of the United States, if any such
deficiency in fact exists:
ResoVoed, lhat a select committee of five members
be appointed from this House, with power to send for
persons and papors and to examine witnesses under
oath, and fully to inquire and report to this House as
to the facts of such alleged deficiency of rifle cannon
of large caliber in the naval service of tho United
States, and to ascertain and report what experiments,
if any, have been made by citizens of the United
States to supply such deficiency, and the result of
such experiments; and to ascertain and report to this
House what transactions, if any, have been made
between the Secretary of the Navy or other Depart-
ments of the Government and citizens of the United
States in relation to tho construction of wrought-
iron cannon of heavy caliber, and whether there are
any sums equitablydue from theGovernment incon-
sequence of suoh transactions, and to report by bill for
thepaymentofthesame, and to l-eportbybill or oth-
erwise suoh measures as may be required to place
tho Navy of the United States in tho supply of rifle
cannon of heavy caliber upon equality with the
navies of Europe.
Mr. COBB. I object.
pacific mail service.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jtesolveil That tho Committee on the Post Offico
and Post Roads be, and thoy are hereby, instructed
to inquire into tho expediency of having ocean mail
service between San Francisco, in California, to As-
toriaand Portland, in Oregon,forthe transmission of
printed and other matter, thereby making the ocean
mail service continuous from New York, via the Isth-
mus and San Francisco, to Portland. Oregon, avoid-
ing the destruction of public documents-and other
printed matter by long and unnecessary overland
exposure and injury; and that thoy have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
leave of absence.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. DELANO called
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. _ The pending question
when the House adjourned last evening was
the admission, of the State of Nebraska, but
that order is superseded by a rule of the House
which will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Friday and Saturday of every week shall be set
apart for private bills andprivato business in prefer-
ence to any other, unless otherwise ordered by a
majority of the House."
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to postpone the
prior order, and take up the bill for the com-
pensation of clerks.
Mr. DELANO. I hope it will not be done.
The private business deserves the attention of
the House,_ and I hope it will devote this day
to the legitimate business.
Mr. GARHELD. I.have twice given way
to other business.
Mr. McKEE. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion admits of
very limited debate.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest that it is
important that tho House should go into Com-
mittee- of the Whole on the legislative appro-
priation bill to-day. It has been laid aside
for some time, and it is very important that we
should send it to the Senate.' The session is
advancing, and we have sent no appropriation
bills of any magnitude to the other body. I
therefore appeal to the gentleman to allow us
to go into Committee of the Whole, notwith-
standing the assignment of the day for the con-
sideration tff'business on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DELANO. I am constrained to gay to
the gentleman, whom it would give me pleasure
at any tinae to accommodate, that I do not feel
that the state of the Private Calendar justifies
me now in granting his request.
Mr. KASSON. Then I ask if my friend
cannot take up the most important measures
of a private nature, and at the close of an hour
give way to a motion to go into Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DELANO. I will endeavor to do so.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield to postpone the regular order, it
was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the first business in order is
the call of the committees of reports of a pri-
vate nature, commencing with the Committee
of Claims, where the call rested on the last pri-
vate bill day, December 14.
adverse reports.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following
petitions and other papers, namely:
Nehemiah Osborn, the State of New York,
certain companies of the Michigan militia,
Horatio Nater, J. H. Atkinson, S. B. Kidd, L.
D. Page, in behalf of Eunice Satterlee, Miss
M. Victor, Henry Zeigler, Voltaire Randall
and E. G. Homer, Strothers Motens, P. A.
Aiken, David Hicks, Edwin L. Drake, John
Boem, Mary A. Palmer, Cynthia Mullins, A.
E. Damas, Dory Nell, Elias Dunbar, D. Eg-
lington Barr, Trustees Southern College at Bow-
ling Green, Kentucky, and joint resolution (H.
R. No. 169) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the account of C. P. Pay.
Mr. DELANO moved that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same ; which was agreed to,
and the said papers were laid on the table.
Mr. DELANO also moved that the Com-
mittee of Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the following petitions,
namely:
Mrs. Nancy Bills, Charles Kahn, jr., the
ladies of Freficli Creek, West Virginia, Dr.
James Taylor. A. Walker, Obed Blowers, Rob-
ert H. Isbell, John Todd, Thomas Nugen,
Pardon Worsley, Edward Van Wart, Wiley
Jones, James E. Palmer, James P. Strother,
Barrington Bekymer, Isaac C. Noe, Alexan-
der Dunbar, Amos Sanford, David Poster,
Catharine N. Croft, George W. Elliott, David
T. FTawes, Bennett Cook, and Major Lorenzo
Thomas, United States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the petitions
were laid upon the table.
Mr. DELANO also moved that the Com-
mittee of Claims bo discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the following petitions
and bills, namely:
Beverly D. Williams, Richard Dunbar, the
Atlantic and Sun Mutual Insurance Compa-
nies of New York, Thomas Garner, James A.
Russell, Thomas C. Sullivan, C. De Ronceray,
Levi Ferguson, Dr. Philip Adolphus, Joseph
C. _G. Kennedy, E. E. Shedd, George H.
Wright, Barney Eagan, G. L. Beach, John
Burke & Co., Henry Beutel, Woods Mabury,
Samuel H. Patterson, George Wohrly, Tim-
othy Ragan, John Netler, Jacob Killinger,
and of Mrs. Eliza Allard and others, citi-
zens of Paducah, Kentucky, and the bill of the
House No. 175, to authorize the payment of
the claim of the State of New Hampshire for
certain services of her militia during the war
of 1812.
The motion was agreed to; and the petitions
and bill laid on tho table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the said reports
were laid upon the table; and also moved to
lay the motioif to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george henry preble.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
■reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, bill of the Senate No. 170, for
thereliefof George Henry Preble, acommander
in the Navy of the United States, and moved
that the same be laid upon ihe table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
laid upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which tho bill was laid upon the table;
and I call for the reading of the report. I
know something of this case and I think it is
a meritorious one.
The report was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to say 
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not debatable, except by unanimous con-
sent, as the original motion to lay the bill on
the table was not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that the report
be laid over until the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch,] representing the district to which
Commander Preble belongs, can make an ex-
amination of the ease. He is not now present.
I would like, therefore, to have this motion to
reconsider laid over on that account. I do not
concur in the report of the Committee of
Claims from what I know of the case.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Delano] had better by unani-
mous consent withdraw the report.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer
that the bill shall remain where it now is.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is laid upon
the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask that the mo-
tion to reconsider shall be postponed until
Friday next.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is upon
reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
laid upon the tabic, and that question is not
debatable. «
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I think it is very
hard action against a gallant officer.
Mr. DELANO. 1 hope that the gentleman
who interposed an objection to the postpone-
ment of the motion to reconsider will withdraw
it, as I wish to accommodate the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] It will save me
the necessity of withdrawing the report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the chairman of
the Committee of Claims will withdraw this
report for the present.
Mr. DELANO. I will do so if the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Harding] will with-
draw his objection.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent, as the bill has been
laid upon the table by a vote of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the question on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which tho
bill was laid upon tho table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
51, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. DELANO. What will be the effect of
this action?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider prevails, the effect will be to bring the
House again to a vote upon the question '1 Shall
the bill lie upon the table?"
Tellers were ordered on the motion to recon-
sider; and Messrs. Harding, of Illinois, and
Blaine were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 39.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. BLAINE. That question is not debatr
able, but I believe it is in order for the gentle-
