1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
The people of this country, as I said before,
retained this power in their own hands. I
hold just precisely as I stated before, that when
we raise an army we may disband it at any
moment. We have the power to declare war;
that is kept in our own hands; and consequently
to say when that war shall cease. Suppose
that we direct that an army which is operating
against an enemy shall be withdrawn at once,
andtheCommander-in-Chiefsays, "No,icom-
matid this army," pray, who is to be obeyed,
the people of the United States through Con-
gress who may make rules and regulations, or
the President of the United States simply be-
cause he is the Commander-in-Chief in the
field? Such doctrines will not do, sir. They
lead to nothing but despotism; and it is our
dnty to defend the first approaches and see that
we retain the power which the people in-
trusted to us.
Mr. SUMNER.- I hesitate to add a single
word to what has been so clearly and conclu-
sively stated by the Senator from Maine; but
the Senator from Maryland I know is not in-
sensible to professional authority, and perhaps
I could not mention any name that would re-
ceive from him more respect than that of the
late Chancellor Kent of New York. He knows
well how carefully and studiously he consid-
ered all the questions of constitutional law
when he was called upon to prepare his Com-
mentaries, originally given, as we know, in
lectures to his students. He meets this very
question, and in sententious words disposes of
it. He did it, too, in the later years of his life,
in a note to the very last edition of his Com-
mentaries shortly before his death. I will read
his precise words: .
"Though the Constitution vests tho executive
power in the President and declares him Comman-
der-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, these powers must necessarily be subordinate
to the legislative power in Congress."
Now, sir, I submit that if this question is to
be decided by authority, there can be but one
answer.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I understood the argu-
ment in favor of the present section to be put
upon the ground that the people of the United
States are sovereign and can do what they
please, and that the Congress of the United
States represents them, and that therefore Con-
gress can enact this provision. This is a very
compendious, all-absorbing argument; and it
will be only necessary to apply it in any case
in order to give us full authority and warrant
for doing whatsoever our wishes, our interests,
or our passions may dictate.
I agree that the people of the United States
are sovereign. I agree also that they have
committed to the Congress of the United States
the exercise of certain sovereign powers specific-
ally enumerated in the instrument which called
Congress into being and which continues its
existence. But 1 assert also that the people
of the United States conferred upon the ex-
ecutive department of the government the
exercise of certain other sovereign powers,
and conferred upon the judicial department
of the Government the exercise of still other
sovereign powers; and that in a debate with
reference to a particular power when it is called
in question the argument is not upon the
origin of the power, is not upon the sover-
eignty of the people, but is simply and ex-
clusively upon the particular location of the
power in the Government, to wit, whether it
be located in the executive, in the legislative,
or in the judicial branch, it being understood
that these three taken together hold all the
powers that have been granted to the Govern-
ment of the United States by the sovereign
people.
I do not know, then, why an assertion of the
sovereignty of the people of the United States
is intruded into this discussion. I do not un-
derstand why it is insisted that Congress rep-
resents that sovereignty. It leads to nothing.
No logical conclusion follows from it. The
fact is indisputable, nobody will dispute it when
his mind is turned to the subject, that in a case
of this kind the question must be simply one
with reference to the depositary of the partic-
ular power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the law-making
power I should have said. Congress may do
certain things; but all laws passed by Congress
must be approved by the President or else
passed over his veto. The law-making power
would probably be a more correct expression
than the representatives of the people. I do
not say that Congress have it separate from the
President, because, in order to carry out the
powers vested in them, they must act by law,
and he must be a party to it, or if not a party
to it directly, there must be a sufficient vote in
Congress to show that within the Constitution
they may act.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is simply another
and a better statement of the same point; and
I say the question recurs upon this subject, tak-
ing it as it is now stated, whether the legislative
power of the Government extends to the doing
of this particular thing, and that will be deter-
mined by considering whether this legislation
involves an invasion of an executive power, one
lodged in another department, because if it be
lodged there it is sacred from us. We cannot
touch it; we cannot molest it. If we do, we
transcend the limits of the powers which have
been delegated to us.
Now, sir, Congress has authority to make
rules and regulations for the government of the
land and naval forces. Congress has also power
to declare war; and our legislative powers with
reference to the particular subject which we are
investigating I suppose must arise under one of
these heads. I agree that when we make rules
and regulations for the government of the land
and naval forces the Executive is bound to
obey those laws. I agree also that when we
declare war the Executive is bound to execute
that law which we have enacted. But the pre-
cise point of the argument, as stated by the
Senator from Maryland, is upon an independ-
ent clause of the Constitution, as actual and
real an one as those which I have mentioned,
and that is that clause which confers upon the
President of the United States, in general and
unlimited language, all the powers appropriate
to a Commander-in-Chief of our Army and
Navy.
Now, what, are those powers? Whatever
they are Congress cannot limit them ; Congress
cannot take them away, cannot circumscribe
them, cannot detract from them in any partic-
ular whatever. What powers, then, are con-
ferred upon the President of the United States
when the Constitution declares that he shall be
Commander-in-Chiefofthe Army and the Navy?
Why, sir, there is one power under this head
which no man can deny or doubt; and that is
the power of giving orders to his inferiors in
military rank. The most especial character-
istic of a commander-in-chief is that he shall
issue his orders to his subordinates and that
they shall be bound to obey them. To be sure
our President must issue his orders according
to law; he cannot command his inferior officers
to do acts which are illegal; but so long as ho
complies with the laws his orders are to be
obeyed, beifig given in his capacity as Com-
mander-in-Chief, charged with the execution
of the law. I deny that from this argument
any inference arises that the President may
order an officer under him to do an illegal act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose that his com-
mand should be plainly in violation of a law of
Congress ?
Mr. BUCKALEW7. I am just speaking of
that. I say his orders must be in pursuance of
law. If he orders an officer to do an illegal
act, an act clearly and palpably illegal, that
officer is not bound to obey it, and the Presi-
dent himself would be impeachable and respon-
sible to the law for his misconduct; but so long
as he complies with the laws which Congress
has enacted in pursuance of their powers, so
long as in the execution of the existing law he
issues his orders, you cannot intervene between
him and his subordinate; and why ? Because
you destroy his authority as Commander in-
Chief; you destroy that power which by an
independent and clear provision of the Consti-
tution is vested in him.
Now, sir, what does this bill do? It does
the very thing which I have described. And
pray what in the world has the sovereignty of
the people of the United States to do with the
! question in this case ? Pray what has the ques-
1 tion of the legislative powers of Congress to do
with the question in debate ? The argument is
upon the clause which establishes a Commander-
in-Chief, and therefore necessarily confers upon
him all the powers appropriate to that office,
and the most essential one of those powers is
the one to issue his orders to his subordinates
to cause the law to be executed; I do not
mean to violate tho law, but to cause the law
to be executed. Whenever you attempt to
pass a rule for the government of the land and
naval forces, or pass any law in relation to war
which destroys the Commander-in-Chief, which
destroys his authority as Commander-in-Chief,
you invade the Constitution ; you invade this
clause of it. That is the argument.
Mr. President, I do not know exactly where
we shall arrive upon the present political drift
in Congress. One day we paSs a bill to strip
the Executive of a power which has been held
and exercised by that department from the
foundation of the Government, and confer that
po-wer upon the Senate, or divide the power
rather between th'; President and the Senate ;
I mean the power to make removals from office.
Now you propose a bill to take from that de-
partment the power which belongs to the head
of it as Commander-in-Chief, and to deposit
this power in some favorite officer. It looks
to me as if the attempt were now made to tear
to pieces one department of the Government,
to absorb the powers which belong to it under
the Constitution in other departments of the
Government, and where you cannot transfer it
to other departments of the Government, to
transfer it to particular officials of the Govern-
ment selected by act of Congress. If it be
indeed true that we represent the sovereignty
of the people of the United States exclusively,
if it be indeed true that other departments of
the Government do not represent that sov-
reignty as well as we, if it be indeed true that
the American Congress, like the British Par-
liament, is an omnipotent body, you can do
these things; but, sir, believing that the Con-
gress of the United States is a body charged
with specific and particular duties, and that it
possesses only specific and particular powers,
and that the very power in question asserted
by this bill has, by the Constitution, been lodged
in another department, of course my argument
and my vote must be against the measure, and
for maintaining that provision of the Consti-
tution which it assails.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maryland asks that when this ques-
tion be taken it be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are three clauses
in the Constitution that affect the question now
before us. One is that which authorizes Con-
gress to raise and support armies. Another is
that which authorizes Congress to declare war.
Another is that which authorizes Congress to
provide rules for the government and regula-
tion of the land and naval forces; and this last
one is the one most particularly affecting the
precise technical question that is raised by my
friends from Pennsylvania and from Maryland.
The precise language of this clause is:
" The Congress shall have power to make rules for •
the government and regulation of the land and naval
forces."
Here is a definite and specific grant of power
to Congress to do a particular thing. That
thing is to make rules for the government of the
land and naval forces. Now, what is the gov-
ernment of the land and naval forces,'' I should
be happy to have my distinguished friend from
Pennsylvania tell me, if it be not to provide
i the methods and the limitations by which and
' under which the Army shall be moved and op-
erated and controlled?- When the law-writers
tell us that governments are established for the
