1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability. '
Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States, authorized by law, including debts in-
curred for payment of pensions and bounties for
services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. Butneither the United States nor
any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation
incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or any claim for the loss or eman-
cipation of any slave; but allsuch debts, obligations,
and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, tho provisions of this
article.
Now.j therefore:
Be it enacted" by the Senate and House o/_Represent-
atives of the U)dted Sthles of America in Congress
assembled, That^mhcncver the above-recited amend-
ment shall have%ecomc part of the Constitution of
the United States, and any State aforesaid lately in
insurrection shall have ratified the same, and shall
have modified its constitution and laws in conformity
therewith&and shall have presented to Congress a
constitution of government republican in form and
not irieonbistent with the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and which shall secure equal and
impartial suffrage to the male citizens of the United
States, twenty-one years of age, resident therein,
without distinction of race or color, and which shall
have been approved by Congressjthe Senators and
Rcpresentativesfromsuch State,if found duly clected
and qualified, may, after having taken the required
oaths of office, be admitted into Congress assuen.
Sec. 2. Awl be it further enacted, That when any
State lately in insurrection as aforesaid shall havo
ratified the foregoing amendment to the Constitution,
ahy part of the dircct tax under'thg act of August 5,
18(51, which may remain duo and unpaid in such State,
may be assumed and paid by such State; and the
payment thereof, upon proper assurances £rom such
Stato to be given to the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, may be postponed for a period not
exceeding ten years from and after the passage of
this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That until said so-
called States shall bo admitted to representation in
Congress as horein provided, th£|saul so-called States
shall be divided into military districts and made sub-
ject to the military authority of the United States as
hereinafter prescribed, and for that purpose Virginia
shall constitute the first district; North Carolina and
South Carolina the second district; Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida, the third district; Mississippi and
Arkansas the fourth district; and Louisiana and
Texas the fifth district.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the General of the Army to assign to tho
command of each of said districts an oificer of tho
regular Army, not below the rank of brigadier gen-
eral,and todetail a sufficient military force to onablo
such officer to perform his duties and enforce his
authority within the district to which he is assigned.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to
protect all persons in their rights of person and
property, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished, all
disturbers of the public peace and criminals and to
this end he may allow civil tribunals to take juris-
diction ol and to try offenders, or, when in his judg-
ment it may be necessary for tho trial of offenders,
he shall have power to organize military commis-
sions or tribunals for that purpose, anything in tho
constitution and laws of the buid so-called States to
the contrary notwithstanding; and all legislative or
judicial proceedings, or processes to prevent or con-
trol the proceedings of said military tribunals, and
all interference by said pretended State governments
with the exercise of military authority under this
act, shall be void and of no clfecfc.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That courts and
judicial officers of the United States shall not issue
writs of habeas corpus in behalf of persons in military
custody, [except in eases m which tho person is held
to answer only for a crimo or crimes exclusively
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States, within said military districts, and indictable
therein.] or unless somccommissioned officerouduty
in the district wherein the person is detained shall
indorse upon said petition a statement certifying,
upon honor, that he has knowledge or information
as to the cause and circumstances of tho alleged de-
tention, and that he believes the same to be wrong-
ful; and further, that he believes that the indorsed
petition is preferred in good faith and in furtherance
of justice, and not to hinder or delay thepunishment,
of crime. AH persons put under military arrest by
virtue of this act shall be tried without unnecessary
delay, and no cruel or unusual punishment shall bo
inflicted.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted} That no sentence
of any'railitary commission or tribunal hereby au-
thorized affecting the life or liberty of any person
shall be executed until it is approved by the officer
in command of the district; and the laws and regu-
lations for the government of the Aimy shall not be
affected by this act, except in so far as they conflict
with its provisions.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-
press the hope that the House will adopt the
bill under consideration as reported by the
committee without amendment. Considerable
dissent has been manifested, and the House
refused bj- a very decided vote to orcier the
previous question when called by the chairman
of the committee. Yet, after the ample dis-
cussion the bill has had, and especially after
the incidents of yesterday and to-day connected
with the Louisiana bill, I indulge the hope that
when the final vote is ordered the House will
adopt the bill.
Unanimity cannot be expected among a nu-
merous body of gentlemen like those who wield
the power of this House. They represent intel-
ligent aud thoughtful constituencies, and it has
never been xny privilege to mingle with a body
of men among whom there was so much well
defined individuality of character a? in tlie
controlling party of this House. It is impos-
sible, therefore, that we should obtain entire
unanimity of judgment on important measures.
There has been on almost every important law
enacted concession, I may say—much as I havo
come to despise tlie word—compromise, as to
detail and language. A gentleman suggests to
me the word ■' cooperation." I accept it as a
better word, wliich more accurately expresses
my sense of our duty.
Some days since, when first entitled to the
floor on this question, I went to the Clerk's
desk and found that already six amendments
to^ the bill had been printed. I had in my
mind one which I would-gladly have offered.
I found it in direct hostility to the purpose of
several of those that were in print. It was
brief, but I then thought it essential. It was
to insert in line three, immediately after the
word "that," the words, "such pretended
governments are hereby declared void and set
aside, and that."
Since then we have had the substitute sub-
mitted by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks;] and tho gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Kelso] has one which
I regret has not found its way into print, for
if any were to be adopted it would command
my preference.
Under these circumstanccs wo cannot hope
to frame a bill on a subject of such primary
importance that will meet the unqualified ap-
proval of every Republican member. All we
can expect to do is to frame one in harmony
with and support of that which we passed
to-day, which all must agree is as a whole,
though not in my judgment perfect in detail,
a wholesome and needed measure. I appre-
hend that a large part of the dissent from this
bill arises from tho fact that gentlemen have
not understood the limitations of its scope and
purpose, aud have regarded it as a reconstruc-
tion bill.
Let us recall the history of the constitutional
amendment now ponding. Supposing that it
was proposed as a finality, almost every gentle-
man on this side of the House dissented from
and sneered at it, yet we all voted for it; and
when it came to be considered by the people
it met with an approving response such as few
measures have ever received. I remember, sir,
that when it first came to the House I asserted
that my opposition to one of its provisions was
irrevocable. Nor was that a passionate ex-
clamation. It was deliberate; for in other
connections I had considered tho point. Yet
after due consideration of the measure as a
whole, and ascertaining its limitations, I voted
for it. We were ready to reject it because we
supposed it was brought to us as a finality, as
a conclusive measure. As such it could not
have been adopted, I think; and the people
responded to it enthusiastically as they did be-
cause they had learned that it was but one of
several measures essential to the preservation
of the country. They saw, as we had done be-
fore we passed it, that it was simply a measure
to protect forever the country and the people
against the dangers which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Air. Banks] still seems to ap-
prehend as imminent. It protects the sanctity
of the national debt.
It secures the citizenship of tho people of the
American Union throughout its limits, be they
natives of what State or country they may, and
protects them and the Government against
claims for damages done during the war, prop-
erty seized by our Army, or for slaves made
free by proclamation or the act of war; it es-
tablishes the political equality of men whether
they dwell in the cold North or the sunny South,
and provides for the repudiation of the rebel
debts and the sanctity of the debt of the nation.
These were its purposes, and these it performs.
The work of reconstruction will be provided
for by other bills than th^ one now under con-
sideration.. This, sir, I may say, is little more
than a mere police bill. The necessity for it
arises from the perfidy of the President of the
United States. Had he been tr,ue to the duties
of his higli office and hi? public and repeated
pledges there would have been no necessity for
considering such a bill. It d<?es but propose to '
enable the General commanding the Army of
the United States to execute the dying purpose
of Abraham Lincoln, and, if wc may accept as
evidence, his oft-repeated assurances the early
presidential purpose of Andrew Johnson. Its
object is to maintain peace throughout the in-
surrectionary districts, the people of which, as
the President has asserted in a dozen solemn
E reclamations, have by revolutionary violence
een deprived of all civil government. It pro-
poses to give peace and safety to every man
within the limits of that extended district, irre-
spective of the tint of his complexion, or whether
he fought against or for his country's flag. Its
objcct is to preserve peace and vindicate the
sanctity of human life.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] said that at first it was his purpose to
sustain the bill, but that ho bad concluded to
oppose it as he did in a lengthened speech.
In assigning reasons for this change of opinion,
he said:
" It made a frame of civil goycrnraentto bo admin-
istered by tho regular Army without, any restriction
or limitation of power except the discretion of the
regular Army. The regular Army, in administering
that power, was to be without responsibility to the
Constitution, to tho Congress, or to tho people of the
country, but was to be responsible only to the com-
mander of tho Army."
Sir, the bill does in this respect what the f
law of nations and his oath of office justified
Abraham Lincoln in doing and required his
successor, Andrew Johnson, to do; that is, to
administer under the military power such laws
as should give security to property, person,
and life in districts the civil government of
which had been overthrown, and to continue
such administration until tho law-makingpower
could establish civil governments and codes
of law for the people. It proposes to enable
Grant to do throughout that confederacy, whose
armies he crushed, what Scott did in conquered
Mexico and what Butler and Banks did in that
part of Louisiana in which by the aid of the
Navy our Army established itself. They pro-
tected life and property and maintained peace
while awaiting the action of that branch of the
Government which had the right to make terms
with the conquered or to frame laws for their
government.
That is what this bill proposes to do. It
abrogates the results of Executive usurpation
by ignoring the existence of tho illegal and
anomalous governments established by the
Commander-in-Chief of our armies and Navy.
Iu the establishment of these " so-called " or
"pretended" States he usurped a greater
power than any that is proposed to be ordained
by this bill. Who made the "so-called" gov-
ernment of Forth Carolina? Andrew Johnson.
By what power? By virtue of the fact that he
was Commander-in-Chief of the armies and
Navy of the nation. And by virtue of that same
power, enforced by the persuasive influence of
the pardoning power, he arrogates to himself
and exercises the right to supervise, control,
and govern those governments. He told their
conventions what they must and what they might
not do, and those so-called sovereign bodies
obeyed his commands. Through the officers
of the Army he suspends or enforces the enact-
ments of their so-called Legislatures as pleases
his whim, so that their laws depend upou his
temper or the state of his digestion. There
are 110 States there; and to speak of these
organizations as such is an abuse of language.
There are pretended States, "so-called"
States; States whose nominal Legislatures and
