1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
benefit of society, and that society is governed
or not governed, do they mean anything else
than that the operations of society as between
itself and other societies are to be regulated
and controlled by the government that is set up ?
Is there any word in the whole vocabulary of
the English language which has a more com-
prehensive meaning than the power to institute
governments ? That power is expressly given
to Congress—the power to provide "govern-
ment" for the armies and navies of the Uni-
ted States.
Another clause, to be sure, provides that the
President of the United States shall be the
Commander-in-Chief. Is he to be the Com-
mander-in-Chief againstihis government which
the Constitution declares Congress shall pro-
vide, or is he to be the Commander-in-Chief
under it and according to its authority and its
asserted force and regulation ?
Now, what does this bill propose to do ? It
proposes to declare that the method of operat-
ing the Army shall be a particular one; that is,
that the orders which the Commander-in-Chief
shall give shall be given through a particular
channel and shall operate in a particular way.
There is no provision that he shall not give an
order. It does not undertake to hedge in his
authority a particle as to what he shall order,
or in what way, other than that when he operates
upon the Army and says it shall go here or stay
there, he shall operate upon it in the regular
method through a particular subordinate. Is
not that government ? Is not that executing
merely a government of the Army? If it is
not, then this language which, as I say, is as
comprehensive as it is possible for language to
be, has no meaning at all. If we are not gov-
erning the Army of the United States in pro-
viding the method by which it shall be operated
and moved, what are we doing? It appears to
me, sir, without occupying time, that it is the
simplest question possible as to the constitu-
tional right of Congress to make this provision.
Whether it is wise or not is a question that has
not been broached.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I can answer the Sen-
ator in a word. The power to make rules and
regulations for the government of the land and
naval forces is not questioned. What I do deny
is, that Congress can make a rule for the gov-
ernment of the land and naval forces which
shall conflict with a distinct and independent
power established by the Constitution. You
must make your rules and regulations under
one clause of the Constitution, so that they will
not affect or disturb the lodgment of power
provided by another.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any conflict when,
he being Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, you by your law provide that he shall
give his orders as Commander-in-Chief through
the channel prescribed bylaw?
Mr. BUCKALEW. His subordinate may
disregard it. He cannot order his subordinate
to execute the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That begs the very ques-
tion. It does not provide that he cannot order
his subordinate to execute the law. It only
provides the manner in which he shall reach
that officer.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It provides that the
subordinate may refuse to obey his order in
express language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not if he gives that order
in the method the law provides he shall give
it, through the General.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon this subject I have
only a fact to state that came to my knowledge,
entirely disconnected with this bill, within a
few days while in consultation with the General
of the Army on other business; and that is,
that it has been the practice for orders to go
out concerning military affairs without ever
passing through him at all, and consequently
the public business of that character has been
transacted to some extent without the coherence
and consistency that it should be transacted
with; and for that reason alone there is a
necessity for such a, provision as this.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Vermont
says what is very true, that the Constitution,
provides that Congress shall have power to
make rules and regulations for the government
of the Army. That is the language of the Con-
stitution. The Constitution also provides that
the President shall be Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of the United States.
Now, sir, that Senator will not deny that those
two sections must be construed together and
in consistency with each other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. Can a regulation or an order
be made which shall deprive the President of
his power and position as Commander-in-
Chief?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. DIXON. Can a regulation be made
which shall say that he shall not command?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator says no. What
is this regulation ? The regulation is that the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army shall not
assign to duty the General of the Army, hia
subordinate officer, "without the previous ap-
proval of the Senate;" that is to say, instead
of being Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and authorized to issue a command, he is pro-
hibited from issuing that command without the
consent of a body which has no more to do
with the Army than anybody in the United
States. The rule and regulation now proposed
to be made provides that the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army shall not issue a certain
order without the consent of the Senate. If
that is consistent with the idea that the Presi-
dent is Commander-in-Chief of the Army, I
do not understand language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to have
my friend from Connecticut read the clause
that prohibits the President from assigning a
man to command without the consent of the
Senate. As I read the bill—I have only read
it once—it provides that the Commander-in-
Chief shall not remove the General-in-Chief
without the approval of the Senate. On look-
ing at the section, it may be that it goes further,
and provides that he shall not be assigned to
duty elsewhere than the place where the law
fixes his station, and that would be equally
competent. There is no conflict, as my friend
says, between these two clauses; they must be
taken together: but the question is whether the
power to be Commander-in-Chief is a power to
be Commander-in-Chief above the law or under
it. Congress has power to declare war. Sup-
pose it declares war against England, if you
please. I will name a country that has got the
ability to fight us. We declare war against
England. The President says, " I do jiot want
to fight England, and I am Commander-in-
Chief: I will not order the Army to invade the
Canauas; I will not order the Army to defend
New York or Connecticut." Now, then, is he
to obey that act of Congress or is he not? If
he is the Commander-in-Chief above the law,
above the powers which the Constitution gives
Congress the authority to put in execution, then
by virtue of his supreme function as Com-
mander-in-Chief, he will say, "I will not order
the Army to invade this hostile nation, because
I do not think war ought to have been declared.''
On the contrary, the Supreme Court of the
United States, at a time when it was held in
high respect by everybody—and I do not say
it ought not to be now; it would be if it decided
more frequently in accordance with law cer-
tainly—the Supreme Court, in the times of the
earliest judges, decided on a case made, and
appropriately, before them, affecting private in-
terests to be sure, but it involved that question,
that when Congress declared war it was the
duty of the President, although he was Com-
mander-in-Chief, to make that war, and to make
it vigorously; and the ground upon which they
decided that was, that, being Commander-in-
Chief, he was a part of the Army, the head of
if, and he must put that Army in force when-
ever Congress, the representatives of the peo-
ple, having raised it, declare that it ought to be
put in force by making war.
Then another phrase is, as I have already
stated, that we are to provide rules for the gov-
ernment of the Army, and that, it seems to me—
and my friend has not met the argument—im-
plies that we shall regulate the methods by
which the Army shall be put in operation.
Mr. DIXON. I admit fully that Congress
has power to make rules for the government
of the Army; but as the Senator has already
admitted, those rules must be consistent with
the Commander-in-Chiefship of the President
of the United States. He has aright to act
as commander. The very first necessary inci-
dent of that power is to command his subor-
dinates.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Against the rules or in
conformity to the rules ?
Mr. DIXON. Of course in conformity to
the rules; but you deprive him of power en-
tirely here. You say he shall not command
that officer without the consent of the Senate.
You do not say that he shall command in a
particular manner. You say that the Com-
mander-in- Chief shall not order his subordinates
except with the consent of the Senate. Is that
a rule consistent with the fact that he is Com-
mander-in-Chief ? If it is, then I agree the
Senator is right.
But the Senator says he is bound to make
war when war is declared. Why ? Because
the Constitution provides that Congress may
declare war. It is a constitutional power of
Congress. That also must be taken in con-
nection with the other provisions. By the
power of Congress war exists; and he is bound,
of course, to recognize the law that war ex-
ists. When Congress declares war, then by
the law of the land we are in a state of war,
and the President of the United States is bound
to acknowledge and recognize that, and he is
also bound to obey all rules and regulations
made by Congress which are consistent with
his commandership. But suppose the com-
mand is taken from him entirely. I do not
see, with the argument of the Senator from
Maine, to which I listened carefully, and I
acknowledge its force and its power, I do not
see why it does not go to the entire extent.
If you can do what is here claimed, then you
may go as many steps further as you please,
and you may provide that he shall not com-
mand the Army, and that the subordinate
officer shall not obey him. What do you do
here? We may just as well look at the rule
as it is. You provide here that—
The General of the Army shall not be removed,
suspended, or relieved from command—
So far possibly the Senator is right in saying
it is confined to the question of appointment—
or assigned to duty elsewhere than at said head-
quarters.
That is to say, he cannot be ordered to Bal-
timore by his superior officer without the con-
sent of the Senate. If that is a rule and reg-
ulation which is consistent with the fact that
the President is Commander-in-Chief of the
Army by the Constitution the force of lan-
guage is misunderstood.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Massachusetts stated what he had a right
to state, that I had the highest possible respect
for Mr. Chancellor Kent, upon constitutional
questions at least, and he read what he told us
was a note to be found in the first volume of
his Commentaries, and gave us the edition. I
had no recollection of the note, and rather
supposed that my friend bad been mistaken,
that he had found it somewhere else, and I
sent for the book. I have the edition pub-
lished in 1861, long after Chancellor Kent was
dead, by his son, the late William Kent. The
honorable member tells me that he saw what
lie supposed to be a note such as he has
inserted in a speech—he read from an extract
in a speech. Of course I do not doubt that.
All that I mean to say is that if there is such
an edition, I do not believe the note had the
sanction of the Chancellor, and that if it even
had the sanction of the Chancellor, his son,
who was a very able man—and it would be no
dishonor to his father to say, as able a man as
the father—when he came to edit the book
