1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
population are fanatically devoted to tho cause of the
rebellion, thatthepreseatso-calicd State government
is composed entirely of men who have, in one form or
another, proved their devotion to secession and rebel-
lion, and in whose creed the cardinal plank is con-
tempt for Yankees and 'niggers' and hate for the
Government of the United States. The * Howard
amendment' stood, from the first, no chance of ac-
ceptance by a Legislature, most of the members of
which were elected pn their rebel war record, after
much ranting declamation in which the candidates
boasted of having carried the rebel flag in triumph
from Big Bethel to Bentonville, vicing with each
other in vaunting what they had done to destroy tho
national Government and drench the country with
blood.
"Asa matter of form the courts are open; as a
matter of fact there is no such thing as an impartial
administration of justice by;the courts between whites
and blacks, rebels and Union men; the prejudice of
tho judges, justices, the lawyers, and of the juries in
favor of the rebel white and against the Union men
and the negroes forbid it."
Mr. Speaker, I cannot better illustrate the
power and efficiency of civil authorities so eulo-
gized by tlxe gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le
Blond] than by asking the Clerk to read a short
extract from the same letter of mycorrcspond-
ent. It relates to the Governor of one of the
pretended States.
The Clerk read as follows:
44 As a sample of the carelessness of Governor W orth
in his official statements I may mention tho laws gov-
erning the apprenticing of chiidron in North Caro-
lina. In his message to the General Assembly at tho
commencement of the session, (November 19, 18(30,)
ho admits that in the matter of apprenticing there is
a distinction made by the law of the State between
white and black children, or rather between chil-
dren of purely white parents and children having
somo faint trace of negro blood, for many who were
two years ago slaves arc as white as their former
owners.
"One month later (the ]9th December) he tells the
Presidentand General Howard that tho law of North
Carolina makes no distinction on account of color or
race in the apprenticing ot children.
"And still another month later, (tho 29th of Janu-
ary, 1S67,) when the cry of parents whoso ehildren
had been torn from them and bound to cruel and
hard taskmakcrs became so loud that the authori-
ties could not shut their ears, and when the chil-
dren, thus ruthlessly thrust into a slavery worse than
that ot other years,starving, freezing,sickening, and
dying under the cruel treatment of their chivalrous
masters and high-born mistresses, at last escaping
told their piteous stories to officers of the Frccdmen's
Bureau, then, and not until then, tho General As-
sembly of North Carolina passed an act to amend
the fifth chapter of the revised codc, entitled 'ap-
prentices/ which act purports to repeal all laws dis-
criminating between whites and blacks in the ap-
prenticing of children; yet this same act insubstanco
declares that tho indentures of all children hereto-
fore illegally apprcnticodbhall bedeelared legal and
valid; and this when it must be well known to the
members of the General Assembly of North Carolina
that all the children illegally bound were the chil-
dren of negro parents.
"Grant that the laws make no discrimination be-
tween whites and blacks, no one who is familiar with
tho action of the courts in tho rebel States can for a
moment suppose that there will not be, in the future
as in tho past, a discrimination made against tho
negroes.
"There is scarcoly a single ease of apprenticing of
negro children in this State during the past eight
months in which the State laws protecting the
children have been respected by the courts.
44 There are hundreds of cases which might ho citcd
to prove all that I have asserted concerning the
action of the courts in this matter of apprenticing
negro children. 1 will mention one or two, which
will f-erve ns examples.
"Near Tarboro' twochildrcn, girls,one eleven and
tho other thirteen years of ago, were last summer
apprenticed to theirformcrowner. The girls'mother
had formerly been whipped to death under the orders
of the wife of the man to whom they arc now appren-
ticed, then the master and owner of the murdered
woman, lleeeiit information shows that these chil-
dren, who are still held as apprentices, are nearly
starved and not half clad* the only garment they
wore, while picking cotton in the inclement weather
of December, was a straight gown, short in the skirt,
and with short sleeves, with neither shoes, stockings,
nor bonnets.
"Tije father and two brothers of these girls are
laboring for a gentleman from the North who is
engaged in planting, and together earn about sixty
dollars per month and their rations. The girls were
apprenticed without the consent of their father, who
has made repeated efforts to recover his daughters
that he might send them to school, but thus far his
efforts have been vain; and the girls are now held in
a condition of slavery much worse than that in which
they formerly lived. The younger of tho two sons,
now nearly eighteen years of age, and who hii" during
tho past year been earning twenty dollars per month
and his rations, was last fall apprenticed to the man
to whom his sisters are apprenticed, who has sued
his former employer for the wages of the boy for the
past year.'"
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, from the
same source I draw one more illustration of
the ridiculousness of the position assumed by
those who claim that we are in a state of peace,
and that the President of the United States
ought not, therefore, to protect the Union men
and other citizens by the military power of the
Government. My correspondent says:
"In 1865 a froedman named Lewis "Warren was
arrested in Sampson county, on a criminal charge,
imprisoned, tried, and acquitted. He was confined
in jail nearly five months. The charge of jail fees,
and the cost of the suit, (§125,) were charged to him
after he had been proven innocent before the court
and acquitted; and to pay these costs he was sold by
the sheriff, u^on the order of the court, for three
years to one Simon Peter Hobbs, of Sampson county,
for whom he labored faithfully for thirteen months
and eighteen days. He then escaped, andis believed
now to be concealed by certain well-known Union
men in Johnson county, who, at their own peril, aro
preserving the liberty of a man whoso innoconce has
been vindicated oven before a rebel court."
^ Mr. Speaker, in taking leave of North Caro-
lina I turn to Texas. I have a picture of things
in that State taken from the New York Tribune
of last Friday morning. It presents a condi-
tion of things quite as bad as that in South
Carolina, as reported by the committee over
which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
presides, quite as bad as that reported as exist-
ing in Louisiana by the committee whose bill
we passed to-day. When gentlemen shall have
heard they will be able to judge whether Texas
is at peace or war or in a state of siege. It is
as follows:
" Ono of the first acts of tho Legislature was to
abolish the judicial districts in which Union men
had been elected judges: the administration of tho
law was restored entirely to rebels. Large grants of
lands and money were made to rebel soldiers. Tho
bodies of rebels wcro brought from othor States for
reinterment, and an act passed to rcmovo the bodies
of Union soldiers from tho State cemetery. Con-
gressional districts were created by which countics
thirty miles apart were placed in tho same district
for the purpose of preventing the election of any
man to Congress who could take the test oath. In
rejecting the constitutional amendment, October 13,
the Legislature adopted a report which declared the
action of Congress to bo 'a nefarious conspiracy,'
'crafty and iniquitous legislation,' 'degrading and
malignant.' Labor laws were framed which practi-
cally reduced the freedmen to slavery, and were
found so monstrous that tho Freedmen's Bureau io-
fused to admit their authority. In brief, tho Legis-
lature of Texas, animated by tho old spiritof slavery
and rebellion, did nothing for loyalty and order, but
directly encouraged that reign of violence which is
now driving Union men from tho State and making
the negroes serfs. Tho United States military force
in Texas is small, and outside of its immediate pro-
tection Union men and freedmen aro at the mercy
of rebels. Hundreds of cases of outrage have been
published recently; of these wo will quote a few fur-
nished by unquestionable authority.
" Inthespringof 38G6ason of Jonathan Lindloy was
murdered in Bell coun ty; his murderers were arrested
by the military, and in attempting to escape two of
them were killed, it is said by Major Carpenter, com-
manding the troops, and Mr. Lindloy. 1 n November
Lmdley was arrested for murder and placed in jail.
Through his counsel he applied to General Ilcintxel-
man for protection, affirming that his life was in
danger because of his Union principles. General
Heintzclman laid tho facts before Governor Throck-
morton, who replied, November 17: *1 apprehend
that Mr. Lindloy is in no danger from rash violence
in Dell county. I shall write to the authorities of
that county on the hubjcct, and impress the neces-
sity of a strict compliance with the law and the con-
fidence expressed by Major General llcintzelman in
their regard for law.' Solemn assurances were given
by the authoritiesof Bell county that Lindloy should
bo dealt with justly. Near tho end of November the
troops in tho neighborhood were sent to the frontier
to protect the people of Texas from Indians, and on
tho night of December 3 a mob of about thirty en-
tered the jail, murdered old Mr. Lindley, his son,
and another inmate of tho jail who was an entire
stranger to the Lindlcys. In this case not even the
interference of Governor Throckmorton was a pro-
tection. It is an instance of tho cruelty of trusting
to the civil courts tho lives of Union men ; the folly
of believing that Texas rebels respect any authority
hut that of the bayonet.
"We believe that for almost every day of thepast
six months a muidcrof a Union man or a negro might
be cited. But the eases which we quote are sufficient
to show tho condition of the State. On the 21st of
October, in Grayson county, four men rode up to tho
house of a freedman named Daniel Wheat, arrested
nim for some pretended offense, and shot him before
his own door. The murderers were not anested. In
Sumpter, Trinity county, a freedman was burned
alive in December, and several killed. In Chambers
county, m the same month, a Union man was beaten
by two men till he was senseless, and his house
robbed. An order for their arrest was issued, but
the outlaws snatched the warrant from the sheriff,
tore it to pieces, and deficdhis power. Edmund Par-
dons and Mat. Ilewlin, two freedmen, wore shot in
Travis county in December, by white men, appar-
ently from mere wantonness. Their murderers were
not arrested. At Piairie Lea, December 8, a negro
was publicly whipped for calling a young rebel
Thomas, instead of Master Thomas. On the 15th,
at the samo place, a bottle of whisky was demanded
°f n®J^0* and upon his refusal to give it he was
shot* ihe murderers were known, but the civil au-
thorities refused to arrest them. Prairie Lea is forty
miles from any military post, and it is the common
amusement ot tho rebels, mounted on horses, to
chase tho freedmen through tho streets and shoot
at them with revolvers.
44 4 Nover,'says atrustworthy correspondent of the
Freedmen s Bureau, presenting the case of a Union
man, 4 in the days of slavery has there been known
the wrongs, the outrage* the oppression that now ex-
ist in the northeastern counties of Texas toward the
poor negroes. They are now more downtrodden and
brutally treated than he has over known them during
his residonce hero, which has been ever since 1833.
They have no rights whatever that are respected;
and he has related to me instances of cruelty, wrong,
and violation of all law toward them which would
make your heart bleed. His own freed negroes have
returned to himand besought him to rcceivc them to
his care as his slaves, that they might have some
protection. Ho says that the lash is now more
cruelly administered than it ever was; that negroes
who have cultivated lands rented from some of tho
white men, after growing fine crops and having them
laid by for tho harvest, have been deprived of every-
thing upon some pretext sought by the landlord to
engage in quarrel, which would terminate in the
most brutal punishment of the negro and his dis-
missal without a dollar for tho labor he had be-
stowed upon tho crop. I could not pretend to at-
tompt a description of outrages, from cold-blooded
murder down: and there is not an agent of your bu-
reau or an officer to whom these pcoplo can appeal
for redress.'
"This description correctly applies to every dis-
trict in Texas of which tho United States troops have
not control. In Harrison county bandsof organized
robbers plundei whites and blacks alike, and in
twenty-seven other counties in that district thero is
no Aafcty for negroes or loyal men. Prom the north-
ern part of Texas wo liavo testimony that the freed-
men are not paid for their labor, and remain in actual
slavery. Freedmen who dare to bring suits to recover
wages duo are frequently whipped* and many of those
who at tho close of tlio year wcro paid wore after-
ward robbed. • 4 Unless protection can be afforded
from tho military,' wiites a Union man in Caldwell
county, 4 assassination will soon become the order of
the day.' Panola county was in November, prob-
ably is, controlled by organized robbers whom the
civil Authorities dared not attempt to arrest. Thus
the catalogue of crimc continues; but wo have said
enough. If these were exceptional cases wo should
havesaid nothing; but they are the rule; and though
we havo few reports from Texas duiing the month of
January wo believe that the number of murders is
not diminishing, and the condition of the State
probably growing worse."
Mr. Speaker, the condition of things I have
thus fully attempted to portray prevails in a
greater or less degree throughout the whole
district in which civil government was over-
thrown. It is to remedy it that we propose to
pass this bill and divide it into five military
districts, if we have no right to redress such
wrongs and establish government where none
exists the bi]J should fail. If we are thus pow-
erless there is an end of the matter, and we
ought to procced to other business.
Upon what theory is our right and power to
do this denied? It is said ten States exist
there and that wo have no right to interfere
thus within the limits of States. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] said:
" lie believed that the States lately in rebellion were
still States. They had been made States by the action
of tho pcoplo and of the General Government, and
they could never eeaso to bo States until the Gen-
eral Government had consented to that condition,
That consent had never been given.'4
I ana never surprised to hear such assertions
from the other side of the House, but when
Massachusetts raises her voice in behalf of the
doctrine of State rights and asserts that a
State is immortal or indestructible, and that
the confederated States are still States of the
Union, wherefore wo have no right to inter-
fere for the protection of Union men within
their limits, I feel called to make my protest.
Sir, a Slate is not immortal. It maybe dis-
solved by a sovereign convention of the people
called together to modify the constitution, but
which should refuse to adopt any, and the peo-
ple accept the result. The people of a State,
and with the people its organization, may be
swept away by the act of God. A conqueror
may crush out a State and annex or absorb
its territory. The history of nations, from the
dawn of civilization till to-day, shows that
empires, kingdoms, and States are as evanes-
cent as human life. States of the Union are
destructible, and the confusion on this point,
as to whether certain States are in the Union
or out of it, arises fiora the fact that gentlemen
consider that which is a complex question as a
