1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
dropped the note; and I do not think he would
have dropped the note if it had been inserted
by the Chancellor himself, without having heard
from that very distinguished man that he had
made a mistake in the note. It is certainly
not in any edition of the work that I have
been able to find ; but I repeat, that I have
not the slightest doubt that the honorable
member's quotation of it was from some book
before him which he supposed to be genuine.
I will read a sentence or two from the text,
about which there can be no dispute, which
makes me think the Chancellor never could
have intended to say that the authority of the
President of the United States over the man-
ner in which the armies of the United States
were to be employed was subject to the legis-
lative power of Congress. In the chapter in
which he is speaking of-the presidential office
he says:
" He is Commander-in-Chief of the Army andNavy
of the United States, and of the militia ofthe several
States when called into the service of the Union.
The command and application of the publip force to
cxecute Uw, maintain peace, and resist foreign inva-
sion are powers so #bviously of an executive nature,
a-nd require the exercise ot qualities so characteris-
tic a 1 of this department, that they have always been
exclusively appropriated to it, in every well organ-
ized Government upon earth. In no instance, per-
haps, did the enlightened understanding of Hume
discover less acquaintance with the practical science
of government, than when he gave the direction of
the army and navy, as well as all other executive
powers, to one hundred senators, in his plan of a
perfect commonwealth. That of Milton was equally
chimerical and absurd, when, in his 'Ready anuEasy
Way to establish a Free Commonwealth,' he depos-
ited the whole executive, as well as legislative power,
in a single and permanent council of senators."
It is obvious, then, that in the opinion of the
commentator the application of the force, the
command of the force, the distribution of the
force carrying on a campaign, where the Army
was to go, what they were to do, were all to be
vested in the President.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate in calling attention to one other point,
which I think has been lost sight of. This rule
and regulation which is now proposed to be
made is with respect to the very question who
shall be Commander-in-Chief. An order is
issued to General Grant to move to Baltimore
and take command of troops there by the Presi-
dent of the United States. He says, "You
are not Commander-in-Chief; you have no right
to issue this order, because there is a law which
provides that you and the Senate of the United
States must act together; you have not power
to issne the order; but you must be accom-
panied in issuing the order by the Senate."
Now, sir, I say that that is utterly inconsistent
with the idea that the President is Commander-
in-Chief, because it makes him Commander-
in-Chief with another body, so far forth as that
body is concerned.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is de-
clared, as it is suggested that we may be able
to finish this bill in fifteen minutes, I move
that the time for taking a recess be extended
for fifteen minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection, and the question
is on the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The result of the vote on the amendment to
strike out the second section was then an-
nounced—yeas 8, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Dixon, DooIittle.TEen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, and Patter-
son—S.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
fin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
relinghuysen, Kirkwood, Morgan, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy. Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Davis,
Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Lane, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Riddlfe, and
Saulsbury—16.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. With the consent of the
Senator from California, and having the con-
sent of a majority of the Committee on Military
Affairs, I desire to move a reconsideration of
the section proposed by him, so that I may
include Nevada with California.
Mr. CONNESS. It can be done by inserting
the words "and Nevada" after "California."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be done by gen-
eral consent if there is no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Nevada repeat his motion?
Mr. STEWART. It is to add the words
"and Nevada" after " California" in the sec-
tion offered by the Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to adding the words named? No
objection being made, it will be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the
thirty-fourth line on page 2:
For the erection of a bridge at Rock Island, Illi-
nois, as recommended by the chief of Ordnance,
8250,000.
I have here communications from the Sec-
retary of War showing the necessity for this
appropriation. One of them is addressed to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
will send them up and have them read if it is
desired. It is recommended by the chief of
Ordnance and by the Secretary of War as a
necessary appropriation to be made at this
time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know
whether it involves the removal of the objec-
tionable bridge there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bridge is to be
removed by the report of the commissioners.
Mr. RAMSEY. . Is that part and parcel of
this amendment? If it is I have no objection
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment does
not provide that as I have offered it, but the
report of the commissioners does.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the public build a bridge
at Rock Island we ought at least to get the
removal of the other bridge which is so objec-
tionable to the navigation of the river. I am
willing to vote for the amendment if that can
be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota that the second section
of the act passed on the 27th of June, 1866,
provided—
"That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
authorized to grant to the companies and parties in
interest such other aid, pecuniary or otherwise, to-
ward effecting the change in the present location
of their road and bridge and establishing thereon a
wagon-road for the uso of the Government of the
United States to connect said island with the cities
of Davenport and ltock Island, to be so constructed
as not materially to interfere with, obstruct, or im-
pair tho navigation of tho Mississippi river, as may
be adjudged to bo fair and equitable by tho board of
commissioners authorized under the act of April ID,
1804. entitled 'An act in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals,' and may bo ap-
proved by him."
Commissioners were appointed, went to
Rock Island, have examined all this property,
have been in negotiation with this railroad
company, have made their report to the War
Department, and that report has been pub-
lished and laid upon our tables, in which they
recommend the removal of this bridge. The
letter of the chief of Ordnance, which I have
before me, states:
"The whole amount will not bo required at oncc,
and after the completion of tho bridge the Govern-
ment will be reimbursed by the railroad company
for ono half of the superstructure, which will mate-
rially lessen the cost of the bridgo to the United
States; but it is important to the interests of this
Department that the bridge shall be built as soon as
practicable, and that the work shall bo commenced
during tho present year.
"I havo therefore the honor to recommend that
an appropriation of $250,000 be requested for this
ohjoct."
This is signed by A. B. Dyer, brevet major
general and chief of Ordnance, and is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War. An arrange-
ment has been entered into under this law for
securing the title to the property which was
claimed by individuals upon this island, and
the whole matter is reported to Congress. If
the Senator from Minnesota will look into
the report of the commissioners he will see
what they have recommended. This appro-
priation is asked now in accordance with that
report, and is indorsed by the Secretary of War,
who writes upon the back of the letter which
| I have read :
"Approved and respectfully referred to non. Wil-
liam P. Fesskndex, chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate, with the request that he causo
an appropriation of S25O.000 to be inserted in tho
proper appropriation bill for the purposes herein
mentioned, if approved by that committee.
"EDWIN M. STANTON, _
" Secretury of U'tr."
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt that the
War authorities of course approve of this ar-
] rangement. They are concerned in regard to
! their own immediate wants at the island and
the works to be erected there for military pur-
j poses ; but in behalf of the public on the river,
\ we have interests that we ought to care for;
j and if the public are called upon to contribute
so much for the erection of this bridge we
1 ought at least in return to have something for
the removal of the other.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. A part of the plan is
that the other bridge is to be removed. That
is recommended. That is to be removed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I should like to ask
! the Senator from Illinois another question.
Does his amendment or doe3 the bill in any
way provide the kind of a bridge that is to
be erected at Rock Island?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment simply
appropriates $250,000 for the erection of a
bridge as recommended by the Department.
The recommendation of the officers will show
the character of the bridge that they recom-
mend. They recommended a wagon bridge
as well as a railroad bridge.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it a draw-bridge or a
continuous span bridge, or what is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a draw-bridge.
Mr. RAMSEY. With a span as provided
for by the legislation of Congress on this sub-
J0Mr. TRUMBULL. Larger.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I have nothing fur-
ther to say about it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I will say that the pres-
ent railroad track crosses Rock Island consid-
erably north of the southern extremity of that
island, and at a point, according to the report
of General Rodman, in charge there, that ma-
terially interferes with the use of the island by
the Government for armory purposes. The
plan submitted by the board of engineers re-
moves the track ofthe railroad company merely
from that portion of the island, and puts it at
the southern extremity of the island, and just
as soon as this bridge can be built the company
are compelled to change their track so as to
pass over the extreme southern point of the
island on this new bridge, removing their
bridge and track from above.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1184) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repair of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION'S SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain emplojes
in the civil service of the Government at
Washington;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) author-
izing the Secretary of War to adjust and settle
the claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company ; and
