1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
1857
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck
Williamson, widow of Charles L. Williamson,
late a captain in the United States Navy, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, to continue during her widowhood,
to be paid out of the naval pension fund.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the trouble in that
case? Why can she not get a pension at the
Pension Office without applying to Congress?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Captain Wil-
liamson was an officer in the Navy in the war
of 1812; and this is a pension for the benefit
of his widow. She has been fifteen or twenty
years without it. She ought to have had it
some time ago.
The bill was referred to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
.annie e. dixon.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 630) granting a pension to Annie E.
Dixon was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for placing on the pension-roll the name
of Annie E. Dixon, widow of Henry T. Dixon,
late a major and assistant paymaster in the
volunteer service of the United States, at twenty-
five dollars per month, to continue during her
widowhood.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to hear
the report in that case.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is a report, but
I can state the facts in a few moments; I
believe most of them are personally known to
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The petitioner in this case is the widow of Major
Dixon—and by the by, I will say to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that this is not the Mrs.
Dixon whose case was up in the House of Rep-
resentatives a few days ago and rejected, but
it is another Mrs. Dixon. She is the widow
of a major and paymaster in the volunteer ser-
vice, who, in consequence of the country being
able to dispense with his services, was, with a
number of others, mustered out on the 31st of
July, 1865. He proceeded immediately to
settle up his accounts, which were completed
early in August—I think about the 10th of
August—and he received a clear acquittance
from the Government, the Government paying
him $400 of his pay that he had not previously
received. Everything was to the satisfaction
of the Paymaster General. His intention was
then to enter the regular Army; and he called
with Judge Underwood, whose letter is in the
papers testifying to the facts, first upon the
President, to whom he stated the circumstances
of his case. He was almost ruined by the
destruction of his property in Virginia; his long
service of four years in the Army had been
meritorious; and these and other facts and cir-
cumstances induced the President to indorse
his papers over to the Secretary of War, rec-
ommending that he have the appointment in
the regular Army which he was seeking. They
went immediately to the Secretary of War, who
having some acquaintance with him already,
was pleased to promise that within a few weeks
he should have the appointment. Two days
after that interview he was assassinated in
Alexandria by a rebel surgeon on account of
his Unionism, on account of his having been
the only man in Fauquier county, Virginia,
who voted against secession, and on account
of his undeviating devotion to the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is enough.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The bill is to give his
widow, who has eleven children several of them
of very tender years, a pension. The Senator
from Michigan signifies that he is satisfied, and
I shall not detain the Senate by any further
statement.
Mr. GRIMES. Was this gentleman a pay-
master at the time he was assassinated?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He was not. He
was leaving the volunteer service, and about
seeking employment in the regular Army, and
two days after he was assassinated.
Mr. GRIMES. Two days after what event?
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 117.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Two days after he
had been promised an appointment in the reg-
ular Army.
Mr. GRIMES. At what time was he mus-
tered out of service?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On the 31st of July
previous.
Mr. GRIMES. At what time was he assas-
sinated ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. About the 10th of
November. It was some time after he was
mustered out before he was clear of the ser-
vice ; he had his accounts to settle. They were
not settled until some time in August. The
committee bring the case before this body with-
out a direct recommendation, simply giving
their own opinion that it is a meritorious case,
and one deserving the consideration of the Sen-
ate. Bills of this kind are bandied about be-
tween the committees here. They go to the
Military or Naval Committee or to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and finally lodge in the Pen-
sion Committee ; and we have been obliged to
report bills in such cases, although they are
not strictly cases for pensions. It is but a few
weeks since a bill was passed in favor of Mrs.
McCook, of Ohio, granting her an annual pen-
sion of $250, although she was already receiv-
ing a pension of a greater amount. This is a
case which we think addresses itself to the
patriotic feelings and the generosity, if not the
sense of justice of Congress. This man suf-
fered greatly on account of his Unionism. His
property destroyed is said to have been worth
$15,000. He was persecuted so that he had
to become an exile from his home and his
family. He went into the service, and re-
mained there four years, and settled his ac-
counts to the satisfaction of the Paymaster
General, making a final settlement as soon as
it could be done after he was mustered out,
and then met his death at the hands of an
assassin on account of his Unionism.
The question is before the Senate. If they
think it a meritorious case, as the committees
do, they will surely grant this little pension to
his widow with eleven children, most of them
of tender years.
Mr. HOWE. What is the evidence that his
Unionism was the cause of his assassination?
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
having charge of the bill that as it involves an
important principle it had better be laid over
until we have a fuller Senate.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Very well. I shall
not object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside if there be no objection.
ciiarle8 o. rotvoiil.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 280.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the relief of
the mother of Charles O. Rowohl, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is to pay or
cause to be paid to the mother of Charles O.
Rowohl, deceased, late of company I, eighth
regiment Kansas volunteers, eight dollars per
month, from the date of the death of her son
to the time when she commenced receiving a
pension under the general pension laws.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
payments to loyal persons.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the joint resolution of the House (H.
R. No. 222) prohibiting payments by any officer
of the Government to any person not known
to have been opposed to the rebellion and in
favor of its suppression, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and on motion by
Mr. Trombfll :
Resolved. That the Senate insists upon its amend-
ments to thesaidresolution disagreed toby the House
of Representatives, and agreo to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon,
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Fogg, and Mr. Nesmith,
managers at the same on its part.
milton velzy.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1092.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1092) for the relief of Martin Velzy was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to Milton Velzy, of
Machias, Cattaraugus county, New York, late a
private in company C, one hundred and fourth
regiment New York volunteers, of the sum of
$249 80, being at the rate of six dollars per
month from the 24th of December, 1862, to the
13th day of June, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
rachel m'clelland.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1153.)
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill H.
R. No. 1153) for the relief of Mrs. Rachel
McClelland was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for the payment to
Mrs. Rachel McClelland, widow of private
John F. McClelland, deceased, late of company
E, sixteenth regiment Ohio volunteers, of a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 19th of September, 1862, to the 6th of
November, 1866, at which latter date she was
duly placed on the pension-roll by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As this is a case of
back pay not provided for by the general law
we ought to have some explanation.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Let the report be
read.
The Secretary read the report of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions of the House of
Representatives, from which it appeared that
shortly after the death of John F. McClelland
of company E, sixteenth regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, who lost his life in the service of his
country, his widow made application for a pen-
sion through a claim agent, which application
never reached the Pension Office. A new ap-
plication was afterward made out on which a
pension was granted, commencing only from
the date of the new application. The commit-
tee believe her entitled to a pension from the
death of her husband.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
sally allen.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of pension
to Sally Allen, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be paid to
Sally Allen, widow of Isaac Allen, of Maine,
$25 33, being the amount due her husband by
special act of April 26, 1864, at the time of
his death.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
mary fitzpatrick.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1190.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1190) granting a pension to Mary Fitz-
patrick, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Mary Fitz-
patrick, widow of James W. Fitzpatrick, late
an acting assistant surgeon United States Army,
who died at Harwood hospital on or about May
6, 1864, on the pension-rolls, at the rate of
J seventeen dollars per month, commencing at
| the death of her husband, subject to the pro-
j visions of the pension laws.
I The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
