1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
should pass, because if it does not I do not see
how it is possible for us consistently to pass
any measure before the beginning of the second
session of the ensuing Congress, which will be
in December next. We ought not to legislate
upon a matter of such vital importance to the
country with any of the loyal States unrepre-
sented on this floor. Therefore, it is of the
utmost importance that we should now have
such legislation as will protect these people,
not only temporarily, but such as will give them
at least an opportunity of returning again to
the Union with all the rights of representation
in both Houses. Let us discharge our duty
here fearlessly and firmly, and leave the con-
sequences, whatever they may be, to those who
would embarrass restoration upon the prin-
ciples of liberty and justice, in order that
rebels may yet for a time hold sway over con-
quered States. I now yield a few minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Bi.aixe.]
Mr. BLAINE. My purpose in taking the
floor at this time is to say very briefly that
whether amended or not I shall vote for this
bill; but at the same time to express the earn-
est hope that it may be amended in one im-
portant feature. I hold in my hand a pro-
vision which I trust may be incorporated in it,
and I appeal to my distinguished and venerable
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to
allow us at least the privilege of a vote upon
it. I propose it as an additional section to
the pending bill, and I ask the attention of the
House while I read it, as follows:
Skc. . And be it further enacted. That when the
constitutional amendment proposed as article four-
teon by t he .Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have becomo
a p/ii't of the Constitution of tho United States by tho
ratification of threo iourths of the States now rcpre-
Bc?itci m Sc°"£rcss  0'iid when any one of the late so-
called eonioderato States shall have given its assent
to the same and conformed its constitution and laws
thereto in all respects; and whon it shah havepro-
11   constitution that tho elective franchise
shall bo enjoyed equally and impartially by all male
citizens of the United States, twenty-ono years old
and upward, without regard to race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, except such as may bo
disfranchised for participating: in tho late rebellion:
and when said constitution shall have been submitted
to the voters of said State, as thus defined, for ratifi-
cation orm oction; and wh en tho constitution, if rati-
fied by the popular, vote, shall have been submitted
to Concresslor examination and approval, said State
shan, it its constitution bo approved by Congress, be
declared entitled to representation in Congress, and
benatois and Rcprescntativcsshall bo admitted tberc-
jrom on their taking: tho oatli prescribed by law, and
then and thereafter the preceding: sections of this bill
shall be inoperative in said State.
Now, I ask what more does the bill passed
to-day iu regard to the civil government of
Louisiana demand of that State than this de-
mand of all the States? That applies to only
one Mate; you have said nothing of the kind
to the other nine ; you propose no civil gov-
ernment for them, \ o u do not know what
may be the fate of that bill. If you incor-
porate this amendment in this bill and send it
to the Senate, whichever bill the Senate may
adopt we shall have achieved something as a
basis of reconstruction, and we bring Congress
up to the declaration of making equal suffrage
a condition-precedent to admission. We have
never done that yet, and for lack of that de-
claration we are weak before the country to-
Ithappened, Mr. Speaker, possibly by more
accident, that I was the first member of this
House who spoke in Committee of the Whole
on the President's message at tho opening of
this session. I then stated that I believed the
tiue interpretation of the elections of I860
was that, in addition to the proposed constitu-
tional amendment, universal, or at least impar-
tial suffrage should be the basis of restoration.
Why not declare:it so? Why not, when you
send out this military police authority to the
lately rebellious States, send with it that ira-
piessive declaration/ I his amendment does
not ju the teast conflict with the bill for the
civil government of Louisiana which we passed
to-day. It need not conflict with any enabling
act you may pass in regard to the other nine
States. If you choose you may follow up this
action at the opening of the Fortieth Congress
by passing enabling acts for the other nine
States. A declaration of this kind attached to
this bill will, it'seems to me, have great weight
and peculiar significance. It announces to
these States what it is important for them to
know, and what alone the Congress of the
United States can authoritatively declare.
In the first place, it specifically declares
the doctrine that three fourths of the States
now represented in Congress have the power
to adopt the constitutional amendment, and it
does not even by implication give them to
understand that their assent or ratification is
necessary to its becoming a part of the Consti-
tution. It implies that their assent to it is a
qualification for themselves; merely an evi-
dence both moral and legal of good faith and
loyalty on their part. We specially provide
against. their drawing the slightest inference
in favor of their being a party in any degree
essential to the valid ratification of that amend-
ment.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will it interrupt you if
I ask you a question ?
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the gentleman's
consent I would like to ask him a question,
mainly for the sake of information to myself,
and possibly to the House. He stated that at
the outset of this session, during the debate on
the President's message, he made a speech in
which he took the ground that the real inter-
pretation of the verdict of the last fall elec-
tions was, that in addition to the constitu-
tional amendment, impartial suffrage would
also be required as a condition for admitting
tho southern States.
I desire to know from him, if he will be good
enough to explain, on what ground he makes this
declaration ? So far as I observed the elections
of last fall they turned clearly and distinctly
upon the constitutional amendment. I should
be glad to know from him whether in the State
conventions or in any authorized declarations
of the Union party in the States he has good
warrant for saying that the voice of that party
declared that in addition to the constitutional
amendment there should be the further requisi-
tion of suffrage as a condition of admission on
the part of the southern States ?
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to suggest whether
the taking of the constitutional amendment
as the platform was not confined to the State
of New York ?
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I will say that,
with the exception of the State of New York,
I do not now recall a single State convention
or a single congressional convention within
any loyal State that made the declaration that
on the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment the southern States should bb admitted
to representation here. On the contrary, I
recall numerous declarations in State and dis-
trict and county conventions—through all the
organized exponents that give voice to the
policy of a party—that the adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment should not be the sole
condition of readmission.
Now, sir, I ask the gentleman from New
York a question in turn. When these numer-
ous conventions, the exponents of partv policy,
negatived the presumption that the constitu-
tional amendment was to be the basis of read-
mission, what did they imply should be the
additional requirement ? What was that addi-
tional requirement if it was not suffrage ? The
idea that the adoption of the constitutional
amendment was to be alone sufficient was dis-
tinctly negatived. Now, I repeat my inquiry,
and I ask the gentleman from New York to
tell me and to tell the House what was fairly
implied by that negative ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand that at the last session of Congress we
adopted the constitutional amendment as the
basis of reconstruction. e certainly adopted
no other. That was the basis, the only basis,
which this Congress put forth to the country.
Now, although in the fall elections each State
and each district and each county did not spe-
cifically say in so many words that this should
be the only requirement made as the basis of
restoration, yet, in the absence of any other
provision, I _ submit to the gentleman from
Maine tliat it is fair to assume that the coun-
try accepted the provision which Congress had
presented as that upon which they intended lo
restore the Union, especially as the issue was
made distinctly between the policy of the
President and the policy of Congress.
Mr. BLAINE. I want to say to the gentle
man from New York that he ignores one very
important fact of the last session. The Recon-
struction Committee, so far as their action
could go, attempted to make a basis such as
he speaks of. They reported the bill distinctly,
declaring that on the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment by any of the rebellious
States, such State should be readmitted. But
that bill did not rise to the dignity of being
rejected in Congress. It never received a hear-
ing. It was absolutely kicked under the table
in both branches. _ It was so far scouted that
it never had a third reading at the Clerk's
desk. And when Tennessee was admitted
there was no possible implication in the act
or joint resolution admitting her that the
adoption of the constitutional amendment was
the sole basis on which she was admitted. In
proof of this I beg to read the preamble to the
Tennessee resolution. It is as follows:
"Whereas in the year 1861 the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken pos-
session of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State, iu pursuance of an
act of Congress, were declared to be in a state of in-
surrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
former political relations in the Union by the con-
sent of tho law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people of said State did, on the 22d
day of February, I860, by a large popular vote, adopt
and ratify af constitution of government whereby
slavery was abolished and all ordinances and laws
of secession and, debts contracted under the same
were declared void; and whereas a State government
has been organized under said constitution which has
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States abolishing slavery, also the amendment
proposed bythe Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has dona
other acts proclaiming and denoting loyalty," &c.
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, that this recital
distinctly shows that the constitutional amend-
ment was very far from being the sole basis on
which Tennessee was admitted to representa-
tion here. It was the last, if not the least, of
the many reasons that made Tennessee excep-
tional and peculiar and secured her recognition
here in advance of her sisters in rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman to
allow me one minute of reply.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope by ananfmous con-
sent tho gentleman from Maine will have a few
minutes more.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Maine want?
Mr. BLAINE. Fifteen minutes, and I will
share it with the gentleman from New York.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire, Mr. Speaker, even
if it subject, me to tho charge of repetition, to
say that the action of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress at its first session, so far as it indicated
any policy, did refuse to make the constitu-
tional amendment the sole requirement of res-
toration to the rebel States. The resolution
readmitting Tennessee, almost the closing act
of the first session, especially and significantly
jgnored it._ Political conventions in the ensu-
ing campaign equally ignored it as a final basis,
and throughout the whole loyal North I do
not recall more than one State that took ncort-
trary position. If I mistake not, the gentle-
man's own State was the only one that did put
that as the distinct issue in the platform, of the
Union-party, and I believe the author of that
platform found his political death during- the
present session of the New ^ ork Legislature a
111 his contest for the United States Senator-
ship principally by reason of holding that posi-
tion. Am I right?
_ Mr. RAYM0.ND. Does the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
