418
tMe congressional globe.
January 11,
House, could they be related here, to reorgan-
ize the Department and put it upon a founda-
tion which would be creditable to the nation.
Butf sir, I rose for the purpose of saying that
I believe it to be bad policy to reduce this ap-
propriation. While the means that we have
BW for acquiring useful agricultural informa-
tion and diffusing the same among the people
of the'United States are not such as we would
wish them to be, yet until we can rearrange
a"nd reorganize this Department it seems to me
that we ought not to attempt to destroy it.
There is no other source of the prosperity of
this country SO important as that of agricult-
ure. - It should be fostered by every means
\vithirt the power of this Government;.
'Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
[Mr. Bidwell] whether the investigations to
which he has alluded, and which have contin-
ued daring nearly all of this Congress, enable
him to make any reply to the statements made
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill?]
Mr. BIDWELL. I will state that after the
testimony was taken, I, as chairman of the com-
mittee, was exceedingly anxious to lay that
information before the House. But the major-
ity of the committee did not concur with the
chairman ; and consequently the chairman did
not feel at liberty to bring that information
Before "the House. I would state, however,
that I believe such is now the disposition of the
Committee on Agriculture, so far as I have been
able to ascertain it, that they will be able to
agree upon a bill by the time the committee is
called, which will provide for the reorganization
of that bureau so as to place it upon a better
foundation.
Now, I am aware that the law under which
that bureau is organized is complied with liter-
ally by the Commissioner on Agriculture. He
is required by that law to report the amount of
receipts and expenditures, and he_ makes his
report annually; one year I believe it was
contained within sixteen lines; another year it
was comprised within seven or eight lines,, and
this year I believe it is all embraced within
two or three lines, as so many dollars received
and so many dollars expended. As for the par-
ticulars, you have to wade through a multiplicity
of vouchers, which would require an expert
almost a month to decipher. I hope, therefore,
that no further explanation will be required
of me, unless I, as chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture, be authorized to report the
result of the investigations made by the com-
mittee at the last session.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Bidwell] allow me to ask him
whether or not the facts stated by me are cor-
roborated by the facts ascertained by the com-
mittee?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will state that they are
not only corroborated, but I believe the testi-
mony shows that they are even worse than the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. -Morrill] has
stated.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the gentle-
man to say that my statements are not only
coxroborated, but that the testimony shows
the facts to be even worse than I have stated.
Mr. BIDWELL. I merely give that as my
opinion of what the testimony proves.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word, for the purpose of say-
ing a few words. I would like to ask the Chair,
in the first place, whether it would be in order
for me to move to strike out the entire appro-
priation for the Agricultural Bureau ?
Mr. KASSON. Before the Chair decides
that question, I would suggest that the Com-
mittee of the Whole has already passed upon
a portion of the appropriations here recom-
mended. Now, I apprehend that it is not in
order to move to strike out anything which
this committee has adopted. That is the point
I submit to the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order to
move to strike out the paragraph now under
consideration.
Mr. DELANO. Then I make that motion
instead of the one I first made. J wish to say
in advance that I am not to be understood as
opposed to the Agricultural Bureau. If there
is any interest in this nation which deserves
more attention and care from the General Gov-
ernment than it has yet received, in my opin-
ion it is this very agricultural interest. But
while we have at the head of this great interest,
upon which the prosperity of the nation rests,
and which is the foundation of our income and
our resources, while this great interest is_ in-
trusted to the hands of a man who I consider
utterly and, entirely incompetent for the place,
I but speafi the sense of the agricultural inter-
ests of the country when I say they would
prefer that no appropriation whatever should
be made for the support of this Agricultural
Bureau.
I believe there is not in the Union a State
agricultural society that ha3 not asked for,
solicited, and demanded the removal of the
man who is now at the head of the Agricultural
Bureau. Our horticultural societies have united
in this request: all the societies connected with
this great interest demand his removal. But
he seems to'be fixed there. I do not know what
adhesive power holds him there ; whether or
not it is uy supplying his friends with little
articles of convenience and comfort that do not
come to the public eye or do not reach the
public palate, is more than I can say. He
seems, so to say, to be frozen to the man who
holds his appointment in his hands. There is
apparently no persuasion, no inducement that
we can bring to bear which can accomplish the
removal of this man from his present position.
It is time the agricultural interest of the
country should be heard. Why, sir, it is not
long since I, in company with a Senator,
called upon the Executive to see whether it
was not possible to remove this-man and put
a competent officer in his place, in compli-
ance with the wishes of the agricultural inter-
est. I was met with the pathetic^ inquiry,
" What shall be done with Father Newton?"
In God's name, if it be necessary, pension
him; give him a permanent pension corre-
sponding in amount with the salary he now
receives; talce the money, if necessary, out of
the agricultural fund; for this would be more
advantageous for the agricultural interest than
to continue the administration of the present
Commissioner.
I am in earnest in this matter; and I say,
until we can have at the head of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture a man competent for the
position, so that it may be administered as the
interests of the country demand, let us have no
appropriation whatever for the support of this
Department, and then perhaps we shall have
some relief.
I could go further into this matter were we
not limited in debate by the five-minute rule.
I will only say in conclusion that my present
motion has not been made simply to enable me
to make these observations. I hope the com-
mittee will strike out the whole of the appro-
priation.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise
to enter into the general debate upon the sub-
ject of the administration of the Agricultural
Department. I have made such representa-
tions as it was proper for me to make in the
consideration of this question in committee.
Here I represent the action of the committee,
and have only to say that if this Department is
to be continued the majority of the committee
decided in favor of these several amounts of
appropriation for the objects named.
f apprehend that as a matter of order the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio can only
be put in the first instance as to the paragraph
under consideration; and then, of course, it
may be renewed, if the gentleman chooses, as
to each succeeding paragraph. The question
practically presented to the House is therefore
whether we shall make these appropriations
and rely upon a report from the Committee
on Agriculture to reorganize that Department,
and by legislation, if not otherwise, remove
the present head of the Department, if that be
the will of the House; or whether we shall
strike out only this part of the appropriation,
leaving a mere skeleton bill for the conduct' of
the business of that Department. My own
conception of the duty of the committee is that,
if it be their will to change the administration
of this Department and reorganize it, thus car-
rying out the object which the gentleman from
Ohio has in view, this reorganization should be
provided for in a new bill. We certainly should
not pass this appropriation bill without provid-
ing the means of carrying on that Department
in case the present incumbent should be dis-
placed and a successor appointed. I leave the
matter entirely in the hands of the committee,
only asking that such legislation may be adopted
as will not put an end to the existence of the .
Agricultural Department.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment-
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BERGEN. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by striking out the last word. It appears
to me, sir, that if it is the intention of thisHousfe
to continue the Department of Agriculture, it
is necessary to vote the appropriations as re-
ported by the committee. I think that the
agricultural interests of this country demand
tha^this Department should be continued and
the necessary appropriations provided.
One word, sir, as to the statement made by
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
in relation to the expenses of that Department.
As a member of the Committee on Agriculture
I was present during the whole of the investi-
gation which has been referred to, and as I
understand the matter the gentleman from
Vermont is mistaken in the conclusion to which
he has arrived. I differ on this point with the
chairman of the committee, ana, as I under-
stand, the majority of the committee also differ
with him. The charges made in reference to
the administration of the Department of Agri-
culture were not, I think, sustained to the
extent which the gentleman from Vermont has
stated.
I do not desire to go into particulars with
reference to the proceedings in the committee ;
it may be improperto do so. I may state, how-
ever, that the committee were divided in opin-
ion. My understanding with reference to the
charges made and the extent to which they
were sustained differs from that expressed by
the chairman of the committee,- although I
simply give my own view of the matter. I hope
that the appropriations for this Department
will be by all means continued; and if it is
necessary to reorganize the Department, as
appears to be the opinion of the chairman find
others, that is a matter for future consideration.
I do not pretend to say the Department
might not be reorganized and placed under
better regulations than it is at present; but
that is a matter for future consideration. I
hope, under the circumstanecs, in view of the
importance of agriculture in this country, that
the appropriations as reported by the commit-
tee will be sustained by the House.
Mr. BROMWELL. I do not understandthe
condition of the amendment, and I ask that it
be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Chairman, I move
an amendment to the amendment, striking out
$45,000 and inserting $5,000.
It does seem to me, sir, it is about time the
country got rid of this thing called au Agricult-
ural Bureau, if it is to be carried on forever
in the manner which we have seen. For the
last two years there have been complaints, and
no man who has put his foot into this city, or
has been anywhere else in the United States,
but has heard complaints of the management
of that so-called bureau.
Mr. HILL. We have heard a great many
complaints about the conduct of the Agricult-
ural Bureau. What I desire, and what I pre-
sume the committee desires, are the facts.
What is the trouble with Mr. Newton? Let the
gentleman specify.
