1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
in the State of Pennsylvania, a soldier of the
war of 1812 with Great Britain, on the pension-
rolls, at the rate of eight uollars per month.
Mr. LANE. I move that that bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The moition was agreed to.
JOHN ROSSELL.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (H. R.
No. 1208) increasing the pension of John Rus-
sell, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By the bill the pension of John Rus-
sell, who was granted a pension of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence from the 7th of
September, 1849, is to be increased from eight
dollars to twenty dollars per month.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Do I understand that
that increase dates back to 1840? It is a long
feriod of time, and the increase is very large.
hope it will be explained or the report read.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is a report
among the papers ; I do not remember the par-
ticular circumstances.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It seems to be seven-
teen or eighteen years back pay. I ask for the
reading of the report.
The Secretary read the report of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions of the House of
Representatives, from which it appears that
John Russell, a soldier of the war of 1812, con-
tracted a disease from exposure which has re-
sulted in paralysis, in consequence of which he
was granted a pension of eight dollars a month,
commencing September 7,1849. He is totally
disabled, and the committee consider him en-
titled to twenty dollars a month.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MARGARET BOUCHER.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1209) granting back pension to
Margaret Boucher, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Interior to pay to Margaret
Boucher, widow of Michael Boucher, late of
the twenty-sixth regiment of the District of
Columbia militia, a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the death of her hus-
band to the date of her pensiou certificate,
October 18, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
LEVI M. ROBERTS.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1210) increasing the pension of
Levi M. Roberts was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Levi M. Roberts, who was granted a
pension by a special act of Congress in May,
1830, on the pension-rolls, at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month, and to pay him at that rate
from the Gth of June, 18GC, in lieu of any pen-
sion to which he may be entitled.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
EFFIE J. IIARVEY.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension to Effie
J. Harvey was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Effie
J. Harvey, widow of Clinton D. Harvey, late
an acting assistant paymaster in the United
States Navy, on the pension-rolls, subject to
the provisions of the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NANCY HINTON.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of Nancy Hin-
ton was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to place the name of
Naucy Hinton, widow of John Hinton, late a
privuto in Davis's county, Kentucky, Home
Guard, on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to continue during her
widowhood, arid in the event of her marriage
or death, the pension is to go to the minor
children of John Hinton, subject to the limita-
tions and restrictions of the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading,.read the third time, and
i passed.
I ELIZABETH STALEY.
j On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1213) for the relief of Elizabeth
' Staley was considered as in Committee of the
I Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Elizabeth
Staley, of Cincinnati, Ohio, mother, by adop-
| tion, of Theodore A. Jones, who died while a
i private of company C, second regiment Missouri
cavalry, in the service of the United States, on
i the pension-roll, at eight dollars per month,
commencing September 1", 1864, and to con-
tinue while she remains a widow.
I The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
: to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
i DANIEL m'mAIION.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1214) for the relief of Daniel Mc-
Mahon was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Daniel
i McMahon, late a captain in the twentieth regi-
ment New York State militia, of a pension at
the rate of twenty dollars per month, from Juno
29, 1864, to February 27, 18G6.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
THOMAS GLASGOW.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 121-3) for the relief of Thomas Glas-
gow Was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Thomas Glas-
gow, who was in the service of the United States
from November, 1814, until June, 1815, on the
pension-rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing March 4,1801, and t6 con-
tinue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MARY IIOSEA.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(II. R. No. 121G) granting a pension to Mary
Hosea was considered in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing on the rolls
of invalid pensioners the name of Mary Hosea,
widow of James Hosea, late of Carbondale,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, at the rate
allowed by and subject to the general law
applicable to deputy provost marshals, and to
: continue during widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
DAVID B. CHAMPION.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1217) granting a pension to David
B. Champion was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing the
name of David B. Champion, late of company
! A, one hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania
volunteers, on the pension-rolls, at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month.
I' The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
JAMES RIDDLE.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of James Rid-
dle, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing the name of
James Riddle, a resident of the city of New
York, and late of company G, eighth United
States infantry, on the pension-rolls, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
from 29th of July, 1803.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
OBADIAII ADERTON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 293) for the relief of Oba-
diah Aderton, have instructed me to report it
! back without amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration.
I By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Obadiah Aderton, of
the State of Maine, on the list of pensions, :ft
the rate of eight dollars per month.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
VIRGINIA S. WILSON.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the joint
resolution (II. 11. No. 16-5) for the relief of
1 Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late Captain
George W. ^ ilson, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment to Virginia S. Wilson, widow of George
W. Wilson, deceased, late a captain of company
G, second Eastern Shore regiment, Maryland
volunteers, the sum of.>272, being the amount
of the pension accruing to George W. Wilson,
between the 3d of January, 1805, the date of
his muster-out from the United States ser-
vice, and the 21st of February, I860, the date
of his original application for a pension, and
which he failed to obtain in his lifetime by rea-
son of his application not being filed within
one year from the date of his disability.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
1 time, and passed.
I DANIEL COLK.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the joint
j. resolution (H. It. No. 295) for the relief of
Daniel Cole was considered as* in Committee
! of the Whole. It provides for placing on thi
l list of pensions the name of Daniel Cole, at the
i rate ot eight dollars per month.
The joint resolution was reported to the Seu-
j ate, ordered to-a third reading, read the third
j time, and passed.
WILLIAM WHELAN.
I On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 290) for the relief ot'the
orphan children of William Whelan was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
I vides for the payment to the legally-appointed
j guardian of the orphan children of William
I Whelan, late a soldier in company H, one hun-
dred and sixth Pennsylvania volunteers, of the
same pension allowed by law to the orphan
children of soldiers having died of disease con-
tracted in the line of duty, and under the same
limitations imposed by that law ; this joint res-
olution to take effect from the death of William
Whelan.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
i time, and passed.
I MARY A CROSS.
i On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
1 (H.R.No. 10G8)forthe relief of Mary A. Cross
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
I It provides for the payment to Mary A. Cruss.
| of Fremont. Ohio, widow of Hubbard II. Cross.
1 late private in company F, seventy-second reei-
I ment Ohio volunteer infantry, of a pension
j from the 12th of June, 1SG2, I the date of the
j death of her husband,) to the date at which the
pension heretofore granted to her commenced,
and at the same rate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, aud
passed.
CHARLES RUMSEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move the indefinite
II postponement of the bill iS. No. 621) for the
relief of Charles ltumsey, which has been
reported adversely by the Committee on Pen-
11 sions.
11 The motion was agreed to.
