1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Mr. BROMWELL. If the gentleman will
not interrupt me I will speak of the common
reputation of that bureau in the country; and
that its reputation is bad facts are not wanting
I appreheiid to prove.
But X did not rise for the purpose of discuss-
ing every particular dereliction on the part
of that bureau. We know that almost every
agricultural, horticultural, and pomological
society in the Union has called upon the Gov-
ernment to reform that bureau and to place
another man in charge of it. Yet we are to be
told that the valuable pictures and writings
published once a year by that bureau are so
essential to the agriculture of the country it
must be carried on, although it be, as intimated
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] the seat of corruption, and though its total
inefficiency is notorious throughout the coun-
try. I should like to know why this Govern-
ment might not as well subscribe to some agri-
cultural newspaper, whose volume at the end
of the year would contain more pictures and
have a greater number of articles, as well
written, which would be quite as instructive as
those of the Agricultural Bureau?
Look at the seed purchased. Could we not
purchase that seed, new seed of any kind or
variety, in Philadelphia, New York, or other
city through an agent as well as this bureau of
the Government. Of course, with the gentleman
from Ohio I regard the Agricultural Bureau as
one of the institutions of the country which
ought to be maintained. But, sir, it ought to
be maintained with some efficiency. It ought
not to be the laughing-stock of the country. It
ought to be something which can benefit the
agricultural interest and be of profit to the
people of the country by providing them with
new and valuable seeds and with useful infor-
mation at a reasonable expense to the Govern-
ment. But what do we have? Every member
of Congress gets about once in three months
some kind of seed, which can be purchased in
every grocery or seed-store from the Atlantic to
the Pacific at five ccnts a paper. The whole
thing would not amount to more than three or
four dollars if bought in a seed-store. At the
same time about once or twice in the year each
member of Congress gets a handful of flower
seeds. All these, so far as I have noticed, are
for sale by the gardeners and at the seed-stores.
What does it all amount to ? We get a volume
a year written in that Department not so good
as the American Agriculturist or the Prairie
Farmer, which can be furnished, I believe, at
§1 50 a'year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, without
finding unnecessary fault with any of the mem-
bers of the House who see proper to attack the
head of the Agricultural Department, I may
be allowed to call upon those gentlemen at
least for some specifications in their whole-
sale charges. It is admitted by the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrili.] thathe has given
the country better agricultural reports than
any of his predecessors. Wherein does the
head of the present bureau fall short of any
former head of that Department?
Mr. COOK. What has my colleague to say
about the charges made by the gentleman from
Vermont, which were admitted to be true by
the gentleman from California?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have this to say: that
it is admitted that the head of this depart-
ment is as capable and as honest as any man
who has heretofore had charge of it, and gives
the country as much information beneficial to
the agricultural interest, and moreover I do
not understand that it is admitted that the
Commissioner of Agriculture has been guilty of
maladministration of his office ; at any rate do
not condemn him without a hearing.
Mr. Chairman, the agriculturists of the West
and of the East and of all parts of the country
feel a deep interest in the maintenance of the
Agricultural Department if they have no inter-
est in the distribution of seeds. And my col-
league and many other members will bear me
testimony that they have more applications for
the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture
than for all other public documents put to-
gether ; and I have do doubt that the Govern-
ment is more amply compensated for this outlay
to promote and foster the agricultural interest
than in the expenditure of an equal amount in
any other direction.
Mr. GRINNELL. Willthegentlemanyield?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For a question.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to inquire whether
if you cut down this appropriation for seeds you
may not with propriety do the same in relation
to the publishing of the reports.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman is quite
right. I am speaking against the tendency of
these assaults. If you cut down the appropri-
ation in this particular frhere will you stop ?
probably not till you have deprived the agri-
culturists of the country of the benefits of this
Department altogether. This is what I want
to enter my protest against. Some gentlemen
seem to consider it very agreeable and pleasant
pastime to assail the kind-hearted old Quaker
who is at the head of this bureau, thinking,
perhaps, that there is no one who takes interest
enough in him to defend him.
A Member. He is a non-resistant, I believe.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe the Quakers
hold to the doctrine of non-resistance in their
creed. But let that pass. I protest agaifast
this proposed reduction of the appropriation.
This bureau is in successful operation, and if
the head of it has not the capacity and intel-
lect of some gentlemen on this floor he cer-
tainly has able assistants, who have given the
country the best report that has ever b^en pub-
lished by that Department; and he has dis-
tributed a great variety of choice and rare
seeds throughout the breadth of the land. In-
deed, I am told that some members owe much
of their popularity at home to the fact that they
have been very assiduous in distributing the i
flower seeds. [Laughter.] If that is so, I am |
against depriving them of this aid by which they
may be returned to the Forty-First Congress.
[Laughter.]
Now, 1 hope my colleague, who preceded ;
me, and members from the West generally, I
will not persist in cutting down this appropria- ;
tion. Better abolish the Department altogether j
than make a trifling appropriation that will but '
maintain its existence in name only, and leave
it utterly inadequate to the wants and demands
of this grestest of all interests.
Mr. KASSON. I ask leave simply to say
that very much time has been spent on this one
clause of the bill, and I think the whole sub-
ject has been pretty thoroughly ventilated. I
therefore hope, by general consent, debate will
be closed in five minutes on this clause.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
debate on this paragraph will be closed in five
minutes.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. KASSON. I then move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing the debate ,
on this paragraph.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to allow me to submit an
amendment in the form of a proviso at the
close.
The CHAIRMAN. That would not be in
order now.
Mr. KASSON. I will withdraw the motion
for the present, and allow the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lk Blond] to speak on the subject. I
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend by in- |
creasing the amount to $75,000, and I do it in 1
good faith. I do believe that we ought to !
keep alive that branch of the Government. I !
do not know how other gentlemen feel about i
this matter or how their constituents feel, but i
I do know that in my region of country we j
have derived great benefit from this source in '
more ways than one. Gentlemen who do not j
live in aaricultural districts—gentlemen from
Massachusetts or Connecticut, where the mass i
of the people are engaged in other pursuits-
do not conceive the necessity or utility of this
Department; but I know that the agricultural ,
interest of my region has through this channel
introduced a Quality of wheat adapted to that
particular locality, by the use of which they have
been enabled to raise crops that could not
otherwise have been grown; for it is well un-
derstood by agriculturists that the same kind
of wheat grown for a series of years in a par-
ticular region is very apt to run out, but by
constant change you can keep up the produc-
tion.
Now, sir, I protest against the system of
legislation that is proposed here. My colleague
after declaring his devotion to the agricultural
interest of the country makes a proposition
here that must strike down that Department at
once, if his motion prevails. Sir, he will find
it difficult to satisfy the agriculturists of Ohio
that he is in favor of that interest if his motion
prevails. Now, sir, the gentleman who fills
this office, if I recollect aright, was appointed
by Mr. Lincoln during his first term ana he has
been continued in it ever since. If he is not a
fit person for the place, I ask gentlemen here
to adopt such legislation as will produce the
desired result. If not, let us make this appro-
priation and hold the executive department of
the Governmentresponsible forpiltting a proper
man in this place. That is the proper course
for us to pursue, and not to deny an appropria-
tion, which if denied must destroy this branch
of the service entirely. I appeal to gentlemen
to make a proper appropriation for this bureau.
If the man who administers its affairs is an
unfit man for the place let us appeal to the
proper authority in order to have him removed
and another man put in his place who will
administer this Department in a proper and
fitting way. That seems to me to be the true
course for us to pursue. I hope this appro-
Sriation will not be denied and the Agricultural
Apartment thereby destroyed. Sir, we are
spending money in various ways that do not
result in any good whatever to the people.
This Department, to say the least, promises
some good to the people, and as long as it
promises good let us foster it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise for
the purpose of speaking to the amendment
and in response to my friend and colleague,
[Mr. Le Bloxd.] I am from an agricultural
district, and I yield to no gentleman upon this
floor m regard to the appreciation that I have
of the importance of an Agricultural Bureau or
Department of the Government, and I have
hoped to see that Department become of so
much importance that its head might be in-
vited to the councils of the President of the
nation. I do not know that that is likely to
happen under the administration of the pres-
ent incumbent. I believe he once sought an
entrance into the Cabinet. [Laughter.] But
what is really the question now presented?
My colleague [Mr. Deloo] does not present
it distinctly to the House. A proposition is
made to reduce the appropriation for this bu-
reau, on at least one of the items involved, a
large sum. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways find Means has presented certain
facts to this House showing extravagant and
unauthorized expenditures by this head of the
Agricultural Department. He appealed to the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture to
know whether he had overstated those facts,
and the chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture [Mr. Bidwell] says that he has not
overstated them, but that as far as the invest-
igation in which his committee has been en-
gaged elicits the truth the case is much more
monstrous even than that represented by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Now, sir, in connection with this I may allude
to the fact th^t there has been an investigation,
proceeding under instructions given by the
House to the Committee on Agriculture, into
the administration of this Department; and tq
show what obstructions have been thrown ia
the way of that investigation by the head of
