1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Of all men on earth the gentleman and his
party have the least right to preach the doc-
trines of mercy to this side of the House, That
mercy which smiles only on' murder, treason,
and rebellion, and has only frowns for loyalty
and patriotism, becomes the gentlernan and
his party. I cannot agree with all that has
just been said by my friend here, that our
own party in Congress have been so very vir-
tuous and true to liberty. I cannot forget that
we have learned very slowly; I cannot forget
that less than four years ago on this floor the
proposition to allow negroes any share in put-
ting down the rebellion was received with alarm
even on this side of this House.
I cannot forget that less thain five years ago
I received an order from my superior officcr in
the Army commanding me to search my camp
for a fugitive slave and if found to deliver him
up to a Kentucky captain, who claimed him as
his property, and I had the honor to be perhaps
the first officer in the Army who peremptorily
refused to obey such an order. We were then
trying to save the Union without hurting sla-
very. I remember, sir, that when we under-
took to agitate in the Army the question of
putting arms into the hands of the slaves, it
was said, '"Such a step will be fatal, it will
alienate half our Army and lose us Kentucky."
By and by, when our necessities were,imperious,
we ventured to let the negroes dig in the
trenches, but it would not do to put muskets in
their hands. -We ventured to let the negro
drive a mule team, but it would not do to have
a white man or a mulatto just in front of him
or behind him; all must be negroes in that
train; yon must not disgrace a white soldier by
putting him in such company. " By and by"
some one said, "the rebel guerrillas may cap-
ture the mules j so tor the sake of the mules
let us put a few muskets in the wagons and let
the negroes shoot the guerrillas if they come."
So for the sake of the mules we enlarge the
limits of liberty a little. [Laughter.] By and
by we allowed the negroes to build fortifica-
tions and armed them to save the earthworks
they had made—not to do justice to the negro,
but to protect the earth he had thrown up. By
and by we said in this Hall that we would arm
the negroes, but they must not be called sol-
diers nor wear the national uniform, for that
would degrade white soldiers. By and by we
said, "Let them wear the uniform, but they
must not receive the pay of soldiers." For six
months wo did not pay them enough to feed
and clothe them; anu theirshattered regiments
came home from South Carolina in debt to the
Government for the clothes they wore. It took
us two years to reach a point where we were
willing to do the most meager justice to the
black man and to recognize the truth that—
"A man's a man for a' that."
It will not do for our friends on this side to
boast even of the early virtues of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. I remember very well, Mr.
Speaker, during the last session I, with forty
others, tried to bring the issue of manhood
suffrage before Congress. Our friends said,
" You are impracticable; you will be beaten at
the polls if you go before the people on that
issue." " Make haste slowly.Let us not be
too proud of what we did at the last session.
For my part I am heartily ashamed of it,
though I am glad that I with a few others gave
my testimony again'st our shortcomings and
the small measure of justice we meted out to
our best friends in the South.
_ Bu^ sir, the hand of God has been visible
in this work, leading us by degrees out of the
blindness of our prejudices to see that the
fortunes of the Republic and the safety of the
paity of liberty are inseparably bound up with
the rights of the black man. At last our party
nrnst see that if it would preserve its political
life, or if we would maintain the safety of the
Republic, we must do justice to the humblest
man in the nation, whether black or white. I
thank God that to-day we have struck the
rock; we have planted our feet upon the truth.
Streams of light will gleam out from the lumi-
nous truth embodied in the legislation of this
day. This is the rie plus ultra of reconstruc-
tion, and I hope we shall have the courage to
go before our people everywhere with "This
or nothing" for our motto.
Now, sir, as a temporary measure, I give
my_ support to this military bill properly re-
stricted. It is severe. It was written with a
steel pen made out of a bayonet, I believe,
and bayonets have done us good service hith-
erto. All I ask is, that Congress shall place
civil Governments before these people of the
rebel States, and a cordon of bayonets behind
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NOELL addressed the^ House. [His
remarks will be published, in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of the remarks of Mr.
Noell, Mr. Van Hobn, of New York, obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. PRICE, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and forty minutes p.m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented tinder
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John A. Rapran,
of Raymond, Mississippi, on the subject of the Mis-
sissippi levees.
By Mr. ANCONA: Thememorial of Jefferson Good,
late a lieutenantin company H, eighty-eighth Penn-
sylvania volunteers, praying for such legislation as
will authorize the payment to him of the amount of
veteran bountythat would have been due him if he
had not been promoted from the ranks.
4By Mr. BROMWELL: The remonstrance of the
citizens of Decatur, Illinois, against any legislation
Hubbard, and 60 others, business men of Sandusky
city, Ohio, against the passage of the bills of Mr.
iioopeit and Mr. Randall, on banking and^ cur-
rency.
By Mr. COOK: The memorial ofDonat Holliker.
By Mr. DODGE: Ihe remonstrance of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York, against
any increase of tarrifF on imports.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Henry Davis,
and others, citizens of Ontonagon county, Michi-
gan, asking for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the mouth of the Ontonagon river.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of David Dun-
seth, and others, belonging to the crew of the steam-
boat Champion No. 5, for services during the time
they were prisoners.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH : The petition of citizens
°£ i S.' O^le county, Illinois, in favor of the repeal
oi the five percent, tax on manufactures.
Also, the petition of citizens of De Kalb, Illinois,
fur the same.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: The memorial of the
Governor and Legislature of Utah Territory, praying
for an appropriation to repair penitentiary.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of II. Stone, Esq.,
and many others, of Ontario county, Now York, ask-
ing Congress to pass a law substantially adopting the
tarilt on marl as provided last session in House bill
No. 718.
By Mr. MYERS: Thememorial of Joseph Nock,
the patentee of Nock's round hinge inkstand, asking
Congress to restore the sixth section of the patent
Jaw of August 19,1842, or enact other provisions affix-
ing penalties for failure to stamp or engrave the date
of the patent on all patented articles.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Linn
county, Iowa, asking that no law bo passed by Con-
gress compelling a retirement of tho national cur-
rency, or compelling redemption in New York.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 12, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. LANE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
_ Mr. NORTON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from St. Charles to Plain-
view, in that State, via Quincy and Little Valley;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. HO'WTS presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropri-
ation for the completion of the straight cut to
the entrance of Pox river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Wabash county, Illinois, praying that the
charge of desertion against certain late mem-
bers of the forty-eighth regiment of Illinois
volunteers may be erased from the rolls, and
that they may be allowed to receive the pay
and bounty which would be due them if no
such charge had been made; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Jacksonville, Illinois, remonstrating against
the passage of an act calculated to depreciate
or unsettle the established national currency;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of.
Black „ Beaver, a Delaware Indian, praying
compensation for the loss of property occa-
sioned by the evacuation of Port Cobb by the
United States military forces in April, 1861,
he having been forced by the commanding
officer to leave his property to guide the com-
mand to Fort Leavenworth ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of the pas-
sage of an act granting aid to the Northern
Pacific railroad; which were referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Tobacco
Board of Trade, of New York, in favor of such
an amendment of the internal revenue act as
will exempt tobacco, snuff, cigars, and petro- *
leum from the operations, of the eighty-eighth
and ninety-first sections of that act; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented the petition
of W. A. Griffin, late superintendent of the
national cemetery at Andersonville, Georgia,
praying compensation for expenses incurred
and losses sustained while in charge of that
cemetery ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Fremont county, Iowa, praying the passage
of the bill (H. R. No. 718) to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin railway; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
reports of committees.
Hr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom the sub-.
ject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 592)
to provide for a temporary increase of the pay
of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H.'R. No. 848) to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home," approved July 25, 1866, reported it
with an amendment.
_ Mr. LANE, from the Committee. on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
535) for the benefit of Mrs. Jerusha Page, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 558) for the relief
of Mary A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennes-
see, widow of Alexander D. Smith, deceased,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of officers of the Southern Min-
nesota Railroad Company, reported a bill (S.
No. •r>-,3) to authorize tho Southern Minnesota
RaiICompany to construct a bridge across
u 0MlssissiPf! river, between La Crosse, in
the State of Wisconsin, and the opposite bank
nver.' 1,1 State of Minnesota, and to
establish said bridge as a post route; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committse on
Finance, to whom the subject was referred,
