420
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
this Department,-we have laid upon! our
a-statement over the signature of Mr. Getaiell,'
* who-seems to have been one of the/ clerks in
the bureau, in relation to the manner in which
M&Wsses before the committee have been
t¥6&fe"d—clerks in the Department who have
fteen'o&Hed upon to testify:Before the commit-
tee;—and 'that is a sufficient' reason for taking
A.wav this appropriation from under the control
of this man if1 this statement be true. I know
nothing personally of it. It appears that two
or three clerks in this bureau, who were called
upon to testify as to the manner of admiriiSj
teHi^ttfe affairs of the office, and through
'developments .some of'these extrava-
gant and unauthorized expenditures have been
revealed, have been turned out of1 office for
daring to go before a committee of Congress
and tell the truth iii regard to the head of their
bureau. You may consider this matter in
what light you choose, but by the general con-
sent, not only of this House, but of the coun-
try, this man, however kind and amiable he
may be in the other relations of life, is unfit
to be at the head of that which ought to be an
important branch of the Government. He is
incompetent and is denounced as such by the
agricultural interest and those who represent
that interest, all over the dount'ry, and this
seems to be%e only way in which Congress
can reach him.
My colleague [Mr. Le Blond] suggests that
the proper way is to apply to the appointing
power and have him removed. Sir, we have no
influence with the appointing power. While
this man was continued in office, under Mr.
Lincoln's Administration, -I know the political
friends of Mr. Lincoln in great numbers called
upon and remonstrated with him for permitting
this man to longer remain in- that place; and
there .was a continual expectation up to the
very time of the death of Mr. Lincoln that the
removal "would take' place. But now it is my
colleague, [Mr. Le Blond,] if he has notalto-
fether repudiated his connection with Andrew
ohnson, who would have the influence neces-
sary to bring about this change. We as a Con-
fress, treated as we are by the President, and
aving so little influence with the President,
can do nothing but control the supplies and cut
off "the bread and butter" of this man.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not think I would
have any more influence with Mr. Johnson than
my colleague [Mr. Sohenck] and his associates
had with Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman
allude to me when he speaks of his colleague
having influence with the President?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not; I referred to my
other colleague on that side of the House,
[Mr. Lb Blond.]
Mr. SPALDING. Ifthegeutlemarc referred
to me, I was going to say that I understand Mr.
Kennedy, once at the head of the Census
Bureau, is likely to be now appointed in place
of Mr. .Newton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that would
be any improvement.
I agree with the gentle-
Mr. SPALDING.
man in that opinion.
Mr. SCHENCK.
i that will be made.
I hope no such change
What should be done is
to put at the head of that bureau a scientific
man, who would make it what it ought to be,
and not give us through the instrumentality of
others merely such reports as can be obtained
from the papers and elsewhere. We ought to
have there a man who would so conduct the
affairs of the bureau in all its relations at
home and abroad as to show himself fit to act
as one of the advisers of the President.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LEBLOND. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend by
striking out the word "five." I do so for the
purpose of saying a few words in reference to
what has been said here' about the investi-
gaition before the Committee on Agriculture in
regard to the conduct of the present Commis-
sioner of Agriculture. Charges have been
made here to-day by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who appealed
to the chairman of the Committee on Agricult-
ure [Mr. Bidwell] to state whether those
charges were not substantiated by the testimony
before the committee. Now, I desire to say,
as the chairman-of the Committee on Agricult-
ure, that he was in a very decided minority
upon that committee in the opinion which he
expressed before this House j I think he was
in a minority of one on that committee in that
respect. Those charges were considered by
the entire committee, with the exception of its
chairman, as entirely unsustained by the proof
submitted to the committee.
And I desire to say further to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who has just
spoken, that in my opinion, and, I believe, in
the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture,
those chai'ges were manufactured and trumped
up by men who had been turned out of that
Department in order to produce the very re-
sult which he says he would deprecate; that
is, the appointment of the other gentleman
who has been named here, the late Commis-
sioner of the census, to the position of head of
the Bureau of Agriculture. I believe all the
members of the Committee on Agriculture, with
the exception of the chairman, [Mr. Bidwell,]
and possibly one other member of the com-
mittee, were convinced that those charges
were unsustained, that they were malicious
and unfounded, and were instigated by feelings
of disappointment on account of being removed
from office, and perhaps from a hope that they
would result in the change indicated by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
So much in regard to these charges. If
gentlemen desire to bring this matter before
the House, I call upon them now to bring for-
ward their facts, and not merely refer to the
various rumors which have been trumped up
and published all over the country in order to
influence public opinion. It was in evidence
before the committee that the societies to which
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] has re-
ferred were influenced by emanations sent out
from this city, with the expectation and with
the request that these charges should be brought
forward by them. In relation to the little
pamphlet from which the gentleman has read,
I do not recollect that the man whose name is
attached to it, was before the committee, or,
if he was, what the nature of his testimony
was; nor do I know anything about his having
been removed from office.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
listen to a single statement made by this per-
son who signs himself " W. B. Gendell," (of
whom I never heard before.) and then to state
whathe [Mr. Trowbridge] knows of the trans-
actions there referred to. This gentleman
addresses himself to Congress, and says:
" When the committee appointed by Congress were
taking testimony in relation to the management,
&c., of the Agricultural Department, a number of the
employes in that Department were summoned as
witnesses. The records of the committee will show
that but two of those witnesses gave clear and direct
testimony; the others hesitated and equivocated,
and gave only such testimony as was forced from
them by direct questions. The testimony given by
myself and the other witness is unimpcached and
tmimpeachable, and the facts detailed by as have
been fully established,
" For thus being compelled to testify against the
Commissioner, and actiggup to the spirit and mean-
ing of our oath to 'tell the truth and the whole
truth.' we were immediately dismissed from office."
Does the gentleman know wheth-er that is
true or not? Did there appear before the com-
mittee, clerks who have since been dismissed?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I do not know with
regard to the dismissal. It was in last Febru-
ary that wc took this testimony. I do not
recollect this man by name; but I give an em-
phatic denial to the statement he has made in
that paper, that the clerks in the Department
hesitated or equivocated or in any way seemed
to be influenced or controlled by the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, or by what they expected
wo'iild be done to them by him. On the con-
trary, the employes of that Department testified
before us fairly and frankly, without any hesi-
tation. No man appeared in his answers to be
under any improper influence or constraint.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, representing, as.
I do, the best agricultural district in'lie United
States, and this being a question in which my
constituents naturally feel an interest, I deem
it proper to say a word or two upon the ques-
tion. In my judginent, those gentlemen in this
House who desire to be considered as the friends
of the agriculturists of the country will commit
a great error if they suffer themselves to be
drawn into the net set by some members who
are opposed to the Department of Agriculture,
and who now propose to cut down the ordinary
appropriations for that Department. This prop-
osition is urged upon the ground that there are
objections to the head of the Department. But
is this the proper and legitimate method of
remedying the evil, if there be an evil? I think,
Mr. Chairman, it clearly is not. We should
continue the appropriations necessary for the
continued support of this Department, and if
there are well-grounded'objections to the pres-
ent incumbent we should make efforts to oust
him, not by legislation, but by application to
the proper appointing power, who will no doubt
hear and properly consider any application on
the subject.
I know that during the last session of Con-
gress various individuals were proposed as
proper persons to fill' this position. I was
called upon myself by several persons to sign
applications for them. But I did hot find that
there was any man who towered so eminently
above the others as to justify any interference
in his behalf. I desired that when we should
make a change it should be recognized by
everybody as an impWsvement. My judgment
is that whenever a suitable individual shall.be
presented there is no consideration which will
prevent us from all uniting our influence and
placing at the head of that Department a com-
§etent officer, capable of discharging the
uties, if the present incumbent is incompe-
tent. I am not prepared to say that Mr. New-
ton is the most competent man in the United
States to hold the position he now occupies ;
perhaps an improvement might be made ; and
whenever a man with suitable qualifications for
so important a position shall be presented I
will cheerfully give my assent to his appoint-
ment.
But it is said that a great many of the agri-
cultural products sent out by this Department
are not of much value to the people. Suppose
we admit this to be the fact, are we therefore
to sweep out of existence this impox-tant De-
partment, in which the agriculturists of the
country are so deeply interested? Why, sir,
we can regulate by law the distribution of these
agricultural products; we can define.with pre-
cision the duties of the Commissioner; we can
specify what soi-t of fruits and plants and seeds
are to be distributed by the Department of
Agriculture, and thus obviate the difficulty of
which gentlemen complain.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Le Blonb] has
alluded to a single article of great value which
has been distributed by this Department. And
during the last session of Congress I was in-
formed by a Senator of a fact, of which I was
not before aware, that the valuable article of
white wheat, which is now cultivated exten-
sively in this country, and the flour from which
commands two dollars more per barrel than
any other flour, was first sent out from the
Agricultural Bureau of the Patent Office.
Well, if that is true that single article of
wheat distributed throughout the country in
itself is worth more to the farmers than the
entire expense of the Agricultural Bureau from
the time of its inception down to the present
time. I am told that other articles in the same
way are introduced into the country. Are we
to be guilty of the folly of striking down this
valuable Department of the Government, in
which the agriculturists are so deeply inter-
ested, becanse wo do not happen to like the
