1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
and directs the Paymaster General to pay him
accordingly.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
courts-martial in the army.
Mr. 1VTLSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 628.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. C28) relative to courts-martial in the Army
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to invest the military command-
ers of territorial districts with the same au-
thority to cotivene general courts-martial, to
act upon their sentences, and to pardon or
mitigate the punishments adjudged thereby,
which is now vested in the commanders of
departments and armies, by the 65th and 89th
of the Rules and Articles of War, or otherwise.
The second section proposes to amend that
portion of the first section of the act approved
April 10,1806, which is known and designated
as the 06th of the Rules and Articles of War,
so that it shall read, and there shall be sub-
stituted therefor, as follows:
A rt. 66. Every officer commanding a regiment, bat-
talion, detachment, garrison, fort, arsenal, barracks,
post, or other place, or body of troops, who has at
least one commissioned officer on duty in his com-
mand, may appoint for such command courts-inar-
tial, consisting of at least one and not more than
three commissioned officers, but of tho largest num-
ber that c.in be detailed without prejudice to the ser-
vice, for the trial and punishment of offenses not
capital, and may finally pass upon the sentonces of
6uch com ts, and execute the same if approved by
hiin. And such commander shall havo tho same
authority to pardon or mitigate any punishment
adjudged by a court convened by bim in accord-
ance herewith as is vested in a regimental or gar-
rison commander by the 8!Hh of the Rules and
Articles of War: Provided, however. That such com-
mander shall in no case detail himself upon a court
convened in accordance with this article: And pro-
vided further, That thcjurisdictionofsuch court and
the punishments inflicted thereby shall bo limited as
provided in the 67th of the Rules and Articles of
W ar.
The third section provides that the process
for compelling the attendance of a witness,
authorized by section twenty-five of chapter
seventy-nine of the act approved March 3,1803,
to be issued by the judge advocate of a court-
martial or court of inquiry, may be directed by
the judge advocate to any commissioned offi-
cer, naming him, on duty in the military de-
partment, State, or Territory in which such
court is held, or in which the witness resides
or is supposed to be. And it is to be the duty
of such officer, upon receiving such process, to
proceed forthwith duly to serve and execute it
by attaching the body of the witness named
therein and to conduct him to the place of trial
and there deliver him into the custody of the
court to be subject to its order. And it is to
be the duty of the commander of the military
division, department, or district, in which the
witness is, or is to be, attached, to furnish the
officer making the attachment with such mili-
tary force as may be necessary and proper to
enable him to execute the process, and to guard
the witness and conduct him to the place of
trial; and the proper expenses incurred by
such officer in the transportation of the wit-
ness, as well as of such military force as may
accompany him, as also in the transportation
which may be required for the service of a
summons or subpena as hereinafter provided,
are to be paid to such officer upon his official
vouchers as in other cases of an officer travel-
ing on duty. Any commissioned officer who
may be required to serve a process of attach-
ment as herein provided may also be required
by the judge advocate of a court-martial or
court of inquiry to make service of a summons
or subpena for the attendance of a witness
before such court.
The fourth section provides that murder,
assault and battery with an intent to kill, man-
slaughter, mayhem, wounding by shooting or
stabbing with an intent to commit murder, rob-
bery, arson, burglary, rape, assault and battery
with an intent to commit rape, forgery, per-
jury, false swearing, larccny. and assault and
battery, shall be punishable by the sentence of
a general court-martial, when committed by
persons who are in the military service of the
United States, or are subject to the Articles of
War; and the punishments for such offenses
shall never be less than those inflicted by the
laws of the State, Territory, or district in which
they may have been committed.
The fifth section provides that the offense of
drunkenness on duty, when committed by a
non-commissioned officer or soldier, which is
now punishable, by the 45th Article of War,
by corporal punishment only, shall hereafter
be punishable at the discretion of the court-
martial by which the offender may be tried
and convicted.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
j Mr. HENDRICKS. This seems to be a bill
of a great deal of importance. My attention
I had not been drawn to it until the reading of
it. It is almost impossible to understand the
full force of the bill on its reading. I wish to
inquire of the Senator who has it in charge
whether it is confined in its operations to the
Army.
I Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; entirely to the
Army. I will say to the Senator that many of
the laws for the government of the Army
expired with the war, and it is very important
that this bill should pass. It is entirely for
the government of the Army, and isveryneces- :
sary, and is indorsed very strongly by the Sec-
retary of War. It is absolutely necessary for
the maintenance of good order in the Army.
Some very hard cases have happened recently
in the Army, and it has been found that there
is no law and no power to punish them.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
d. b. allen and company.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 613.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 613) to provide for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co. for services in carrying the United
States mails was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate the sum of $23,000
for the payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for
carrying the United States mails between New
York and San Francisco in 1864 and 1865,
during the suspension of the overland mail
service on the overland route, and this sum is
to be in full payment for the service.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a very short re-
port accompanying this bill, which I should
like to have the Secretary read, and I will ask
the Senate to pay attention to it.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Conness, from the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, on the
20th instant:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memorial of D. B. Allen A
Co., representing the Atlantio Steamship and the
Pacific Mail Steamship companies, for compensation
for carrying the United States mails during tho sus-
pension of the overland mail service in 1864 and 1865,
beg leave to report:
That the suspension of theoverland mail service, by
reason of Indian hostilitieson the plains, took place
in 1864; that the amount paid for said service annu-
ally was $840,000, whilo 8160,000 annually was paid to
the said steamship companies for carrying printed
matter and such letters as might be marked to be
specially sent that way.
When the suspension occurred, leaving tho entire
Pacific slope without mails, tho Postmaster General
applied to the said steamship companies to carry the
entire mails during the interruption of tho overland
route. The companies cheerfully complied, and for
a period of about four months all the mails of the
United States for the Pacific were safely and expe-
ditiously transported by them. According to the
lowest rates for which the United States mails were
ever carried by sea to California, namely, $300,000,
and deducting the $160,000 received by them tor car-
rying printed matter, they would be entitled to re-
ceive some 846,000 for the extra service thus per-
formed. It has been proposed to pay only the rates
of freight charged by the steamship lines for carry-
ing the additional mail matter: but the utter injus-
tice of this rule will be seen when it is remembered
that the mails havo to rcccive extra care, and that
no steamship can leave without having them on
board, often caasins serious and expensive delays.
Knowing, however, the difficulties attending claims
after they have been allowed to remain unpaid for
long periods of time, and the indisposition to pay
such, and the companies consenting, the committee
recommend the p.iyment of half the sum found to
be justly due, fc23,000, and report a bill for the pay-
ment of the same, the passage of which is recom-
mended.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
whether this sum is deducted from the money
due to the Overland Mail Company under their
contract.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know anything
about that. That is entirely the business of
the Postmaster General. The law authorizes
the Postmaster General, upon a failure of the
mails by reason of the neglect of a contractor,
not only to deduct the compensation, but to
impose a fine in addition. But in this case it
appears the overland mail route was impeded
by Indian hostilities, which it was the business
of the Government to prevent, and therefore
the failure was not by reason of any neglect or
negligence on the part of the Overland Mail
Company. But with that these companies have
nothing to do. The Postmaster General re-
quested these companies to carry the mail, and
they did so promptly, and for a period of over
four months, for which they have never received
a dollar; and according to the lowest rates
that were ever paid for transporting those
mails, deducting from that what the steamship
companies are allowed for transporting printed
matter, they would be found to have earned
during that time at the lowest computation
$46,000. The committee, the companies con-
senting, agreed to report in favor of half that
sum, which is a very cheap disposition of the
case for the Government.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am pleased to be
able to concur with the Senator from Califor-
nia. I am well informed upon the same sub-
ject, and he is altogether right and not wrong
this time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
richard chenery.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 588.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief
of Richard Chenery.
THE PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Committee on In-
dian Affairs report an amendment in the nature
of a substitute for the entire bill, and if there
be no objection the substitute only will be read.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ised to examine the claim of Richard Chenery, of
California, for $8,000. alleged to be due him for beef
furnished to George P. Armstrong, temporary Indian
agent for the tribes of Indians on Russian river and
at Clearlake, and for which said Armstrong executed
receipts, dated March 23 and May 23, 1S52, and if he
shall believe, from such examination, that the prop-
erty was furnished in good faith and that the Govern-
ment is justly indebted to the claimant, as alleged,
he shall cause the amount «o found to be due to be
paid to the said Chenery or his legal representatives:
Provided, That in no event shall any greater sum
than JS.OOO be paid: And provided further. That the
sum paid shall be accepted in full and lasting dis-
charge of this claim.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
wisconsin and lake superior railroad.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill So.
596.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. W<0) grauting lands to
