1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
the States of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid in
the construction of the Wisconsin and Lake
Superior railroad and its branch. For the pur-
pose of aiding the Wisconsin and Lake Supe-
rior Railroad Company, a corporation organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Michigan, to
construct and operate a railroad from the mouth
of the Menomonee river, thence northerly to
the waters of the Kewaunee bay, thence north-
erly to the mineral range, thence northeasterly
on the mineral range and southwesterly to the
waters of Lake Superior at Bayfield, with a
branch from or near the mouth of the Meno-
monee river to Hudson, Wisconsin, the bill
proposes to grant to the States of Wisconsin
and Michigan, for the use and benefit of that
railroad company, every alternate section of
land designated by even numbers to the extent
of five sections per mile on each side of the
road and branch.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
several amendments to the bill. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line ten, after the word
"Bayfield" to strike out the words "with a
branch from or near the mouth of the Meno-
monee river to Hudson, Wisconsin.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the words
proposed to be stricken out by inserting after
the word "to," where it last occurs in the elev-
enth line, the words "Stillwater or;" so as
to read "Stillwater or Hudson, Wisconsin."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out tho clause as it has been
amended.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not like to interfere
with the Senator's bill, but I hope the Senate
will not strike out the words proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. It is not a very agreeable
thing to object to the Government giving one's
own State lands, but I am obliged to say that
this is a road that our Legislature lias not
asked for, has hot asked to have endowed,
and I do not feel authorized to ask for a grant
to be made to it. There is a serious objection
to granting lands for projects with which they
are not prepared to go on, as I fear they are
not prepared to go on with this, inasmuch as
it withdraws the lands from market, and I pre-
fer to ask only for lands for routes which the
Legislature of the State seem to desire. For
that reason I shall vote to agree to the amend-
ment reported by the committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can only say that the
proposition of the committee would mutilate
the proposed road very seriously. It would
strike out really the best portion of it. The
branch from Stillwater, in Minnesota, or from
Hudson, in Wisconsin, to the mouth of the
Menomonee, would really be a valuable road,
and accommodate all the northern part of
Minnesota, giving it an outlet to the waters of
Green bay and thence to Lake Michigan.
Without this I really think the bill is almost
worthless, and I am surprised that the Senator
objects to it. However, as it is entirely within
his own State, if he persists in objecting to it,
and will mutilate his bill and his road in this
way, and take the responsibility, I will not
persist in urging the amendment any further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee,
striking out the clause as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line liiteen, to strike out the word "even" and
to insert the word "odd," so as to grant the
odd-numbered sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line forty-five, to strike out the word "even"
and to insert the word " odd."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line eighteen, after the word "patents" to
strike out the words " for one hundred sections
of the land within the limits above named,"
and to insert "conveying to said company the
title of said lands on each side of the road so
! far as completed, not exceeding one hundred
sections."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as addi-
tional sections the following:
Sec. 0. And be it further cnacted, That for tho pur-
pose of aiding tho (ircen Bay and Lako Pepin Rail-
way Company in tho construction of a railroad from
a point on Fox river, at or near tho city of Green Bay,
Wisconsin, running in a westerly direction to a point
on tho Mississippi river, opposite the city of Wa-
basha, Minnesota, as the directors may determine,
there is hereby granted to the State of Wisconsin
every alternate section of public lands, designated by
odd numbers, for ten sections in width on each side
of said road. Kilt in case it shall appear that the
United States have, when the line or route of said
road is definitely fixed, sold, reserved, or otherwise
disposed of any sections or parts thereof granted as
aforesaid, or that the right of preemption or home-
stead lias attached to the same, then it shall bo lawful
for any agent or agents to be appointed by said State
to scleut, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
tho Interior, from tho land-i of tho United States
nearest to the tier of sections above specified, as much
land in alternate sections or parts of sections as shall
' bo equal to such lands as tho United States have sold
or otherwise appropriated, or to which tho right of
preemption or homestead has attached as aforesaid,
which lands, thus selected in lieu of those sold, and
: to which the right of preemption or homestead has
i attached as aforesaid, together with sections and
parts of sectionsdesignated by odd numbers as afore-
said, may be selected to supply any deficiency should
any such deficiency exist.
Sec. 10. And bo it further enacted. That the sections
and parts of sections of lands which shall remain to
the United States, within ten miles on each side of
said road, shall not be sold for less than doublo the
minimum price of the public lands when sold, nor
shall any of tho said reserved lands become subject
to private entry until tho same have been offered at
public sale at the increased price.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the company for whose benefit the grant is made
shall have completed ten consecutive miles of any
portion of said railroad, supplied with all necessary
drains, culverts, crossings, bridges, turnouts, water-
ing places, depots, equipments, furniture, and all
other appurtenances of a first-class railroad, patents
shall issue conveying the right and title of said lands
to the said company on each side of the road, so far
as the same is completed and conterminous with said
completed section, not exceeding the amount afore-
said, and patents shall in like manner issue as each
ten miles of said road is completed: Provided, how-
ever, That no patents shall issue for any of said lands
unless there shall be presented to the Secretary of
the Interior a statement, verified on oath or affirma-
tion, by tho president of said company, and certified
by the Governor of the State of Wisconsin, that such
ten miles have been completed in the manner re-
quired by this act, and sotting forth, with certainty,
the point where said ten miles begin and where the
same end, which oath shall be taken before a judge
of a court of record of the United States.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted shall, when patented, as provided in
section of this act, be subject to the disposal of the
Green Bay and Lako Pepin Railway Company, for
the purposes aforesaid and no other; and the said
railroad shall remain a public highway, for the use
of the Government of the United States, free from
all toll or other charges for the transportation of any
property or troops of tho United States.
Sec. lo. And be it further enacted. That if said road
mentioned in the first section aforesaid is not com-
pleted within ten years from the time of tho passage
of this act, as provided herein, no further patents
shall be issued to said company for said lands, and
no further salo shall be made; and the lands unsold
shall revert to the United States.
Mr. HOAVE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by filling the blank in the third line of
the twelfth section with the word "eleven."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The question is on the amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On looking at this bill
I am a little surprised to see it here in its
present shape. 1 recollect the consideration
that it received in the Committee on Public
Lands. I thought it then a singular bill, but
it was referred to the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Kiukwood] for examination and report, and I
see reported as an amendment the ninth and
following sections, which I know nothing about,
from the committee. Certainly the bill was
vague enongh in its original shape, granting
lands to the State of Wisconsin for use of a
company to build roads with this description:
"from the mouth of the Menomonee river,
thence northerly to the waters of Kewaunee
bay; thence northerly to the mineral range,
thence northeasterly on the mineral range, and
southwesterly to the waters of Lake Superior,
at Bayfield ;'' and this for the benefit of a
particular railroad company. • And as if that
were not enough, an amendment is proposed
" for the purpose of aiding the Green Bay and
Lake Pepin Railway Company in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point on Fox river,
at or near the city of Green Bay, Wisconsin,
running in a westerly direction to a j^pint on
the Mississippi river, opposite the city of
Wabasha, Minnesota, as the directors may
determine."
These are the descriptions of the roads to
which the grant is proposed to be made. I
had not much expected this bill to be reported,
for I know how very particular the Senator
from Iowa is in his support of railroad grants
of public lands; but as I read the description,
is any Senator outside of the State of Wiscon-
sin able to tell where these roads will run,
what public interest they will subserve, how
much lands they will take, what probability or
possibility there is of their construction, whether
they are grants of land to a railroad that any
body believes will be constructed, or whether
they are grants of the public lands to be specu-
lated in as has disgraced this system in some
of the States of the Northwest? I do not
believe this bill ought to pass. I have made
some opposition to these railroad grants and
have not been successful in it. I have to some
extent withheld my opposition; but I feel it
my duty to call the attention of the Senate to
what I regard as the wonderful features of this
bill. Here is a grant for a railroad starting
at the mouth of the Menomonee river, running
northerly, then northeasterly, thence north-
easterly to the mineral range and on the min-
eral range and from the mineral range until
they get to Bayfield. It is impossible to tell
where the road will run. The Secretary of the
Interior or the Commissioner of the General
Land Office cannot locate the route. I think
it is impracticable to execute such a descrip-
tion, and I would like to know from the Sen-
ator from Iowa something about this amend-
ment. It is new to me. It strikes me as the
better part of the bill. We have made a grant
of lands to connect Green Bay with the mineral
region, and I believe now there is a railroad
running from Green Bay to Marquette, in part'
the result of a grant of lands. We have a
grant now from Hudson to Lake Superior at
two points, Superior and Bayfield. We made
a grant a year ago from the central part of the
State running northwesterly to Bayfield. The
place from which that runs is so obscure that
1 cannot recollect the starting point. How
many roads there have been lands granted for
to the State of Wisconsin I cannot now rec-
ollect, but very many. How many million
acres I cannot say without referring to the
report of the Commissioner. I was not ex-
pecting the bill to come up, and therefore I am
not well prepared. I do not believe the bill
(Tught to pass.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ever since the Sena-
tor from Indiana presided over the Land Office
he has had a great and extreme degree of care-
fulness about the lands belonging to this Gov-
ernment, fearful they .shall be lost, as if they
should not come into the possession of our own
people. I think he has had an over-degree of
carefulness. He may be called the watch-dog
of the lands of the Republic. He must, how-
ever, remember, and it must be remembered
by other Senators, what was said by Mr. Ben-
ton on one of the earliest bills granting lands
to promote improvements. I think it was a
bill to grant land for the improvement of a
river in Alabama, and Mr. Benton said some-
thing like this—I do not remember the exact
language—grant the lands that they may be
distributed and go into the hands of the peo-
ple ; it will give a chance for enterprise in the
establishment of population. It was never
expecled that we should hold the public lands
to accumulate from their wealth as a nation.
Wfe hold them for use, and whenever they can
be used to develop the interests of the coun-
try our hands should be freed from them.
The country through which this line runs I
am as conversant with and more conversant
