1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
Mr. DIXON. The State of Georgia. I wiU
state another fact. I was informed by a gentle-
man whose business leads him throughout the
whole State of Georgia, traversing it from one
point to another daily, that the colored people
of the South, instead of being ill-treated, are
receiving the kindest treatment from their old
masters and their old employers. He stated
that there was a very great fear in Georgia that
the colored population - would leave the State,
would migrate to the Mississippi river, where
they could receive higher wages ; and knowing
how important their labor was to the - State
they were treated with the greatest possible
kindness. That gentleman I knew well. He
is a man of truth. I believe him.
We have other information. I saw it stated
to-day that a gentleman from the South, for-
merly a rebel and a leading rebel, was now in
this city, who had his old slaves on his planta-
tion and was employing them. That is a fact
of some value.
But I did not wish to go into this subject at
length. I wish only to say that in my belief
if the people of this country could know the
actual truth on this subject they would find
that the exaggeration was gross. I have no
doubt that in the wilds of Texas and in some
other portions of the southern country the
negroes are ill-treated, and I should be glad
to see proper legislation applied to cases of
that kind. If facts should be brought before
us and a real instance was pointed out calling
for legislation, and a law was passed which was
in accordance with the Constitution, I would
gladly vote for it. I think the civil rights bill
already applies to it; but this general statement,
that throughout the southern country the col-
ored people and the Union white people are
abused at this day and need protection from
Congress, as a general thing [ believe to be in-
correct. I believe the idea which now prevails
in the northern mind upon this subject is, as I
said before, based on a stupendous falsehood,
and it ought to be corrected.
Mr. CUNNESS. Mr. President, what is
the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, I hope we shall
get the vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question the moment the debate
ceases.
Mr. YATES. I rise simply to say a word
in reply to the Senator from Connecticut. I
think it is well to ascertain that there is a
proper spirit of toleration in the South, and
our view on that subject depends rather on the
channels through which we obtain information
than anything else. If we get our information
through good loyal Union men, and through
the loyal press of the country in the southern
States, the information is that there is no tol-
eration whatever of Union men in the South.
That is the information we get from that source.
But those men who are opposed to reconstruc-
tion upon the congressional plan, those men
who were engaged in the war against the Union,
those men who have no desire now for the
perpetuation of the Union upon the principles
maintained by the Republican-Union party,
tell us that all is quiet and harmony and peace
throughout the South! They have said this
in the tace of the massacre at New Orleans.
They have said this in the face of the fact that,
while there have been thousands of arrests in
the southern States of men engaged in criminal
persecutions of loyal Union men, not a solitary
conviction can be found to have taken place
in the courts there under the rebel rigimi
which there prevails.
I a. u somewhat amazed at the statements of
the Senator from Connecticut, because my ad-
vices are through loyal Union men, and I hav«
numerous letters from men who are familiarly
acquainted with the facts of which they speak,
and the loyal papers in Georgia and other States
which I have seen say that the same spirit of
rebellion, the same intolerance of Union men
and Union sentiments pervades the whole South.
"Pacts are stubborn things;" and when we see
this disposition to resist a reconstruction of the
Government upon the plan that is desired by
the men who sustained the war; and when we
see that Union men at the South have no pro-
tection in the courts there, that in the trials
which take place there are no convictions, how
can we believe that there is a proper loyal spirit
in the South?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to state in regard
to the bankrupt bill, that at the request of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
has been called away by the illness of his wife,
I agreed, on the passage of the bill, to pair
with him. I am opposed to the bill and he is
in favor of it. Upon the question of amend-
ment to the bill I am at liberty to vote.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] did notaddress himself precisely
to what I had said. I did not say that there
was a spirit of loyalty throughout the whole
South. The Senator would be glad to see it
everywhere, and so should I. I have no doubt
there is in some portions of the South a bad
spirit, and I have no doubt there is throughout
the whole South something remaining—of
course it could not be otherwise—of that feel-
ing which led to rebellion and which was de-
veloped by rebellion. It would be miraculous
if that feeling should have ceased entirely ;
but it has ceased to an extent, far greater than
I expected to see at so early a day as this.
What I said was that the statements were
grossly exaggerated, so grossly exaggerated that
they may be said, taken together, as declar-
ing the South to be in a disloyal condition, and
that the Union men and the colored men need
protection against the cruelty and abuse of the
southern people as a mass. Such statements
I repeat may be called false. The testimony
does not prove them to be true. That there
are exceptional locations in that part of the
country in a very bad condition I have no
doubt. There are places in the city of New
York where none of us would be safe to-night
if we expressed what might happen to be un-
popular sentiments; but it seems to me that
we ought to legislate with regard to the general
character of the people, and not with regard to
particular cases or individuals.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
know what are the sources of information from
which the Senator from Connecticut derives
the statements which he asks the Senate to
believe. I believe from sources of information
which I regard as equally entitled to credit
with those to which he has referred, that there
is not at the present time anything like ade-
quate protection to Unionists in the rebel
States, and especially to the black part of those
Unionists.
It is only a few days since I had a conversa-
tion with a very intelligent gentleman from
Texas, who had been stationed there for some
time past, and was acting as an officer of the
Freedmen's Bureau, a man of excellent char-
acter and reputation, as honest and as observant
a man as you will ordinarily find; and he told
me that within the last year in the State of
Texas there had been undoubtedly in his
opinion and from the best information which
he could derive, being on the spot, not less
than fifteen hundred deliberate murders com-
mitted by ex-rebels, guerrillas, and that class
of ruffians, and that not one single case had yet
transpired of the arrest and trial of one of
those offenders. Men, black and white, in that
State are found murdered 5 they lie in their
gore by the wayside and in the thickets, and
in other nooks and corners of the country,
where their bodies are thrown, and sometimes
it happens that very little care is taken to con-
ceal the bodies; and there is no such thing in
Texas to-day as criminal justice. Murder and
manslaughter are committed there with im-
punity all over the State, while petty offenses
against property are prosecuted and persons
sometimes brought to justice.
There are none, says the old saying, "so
blind as those who will not see;" and it some-
times happens to politicians to be willfully Wind
to facts which they might ascertain if t.hey
would give them their candid attention. I
assert that in the main the reports which we
obtain from the southern States in regard to
the non-execution of the criminal laws and in
regard to the turbulence and disorder and
anarchy which prevail there are correct and
deserving of the attention of every man who
loves his country, and of every man who has
a proper observance of law and order; and I
hold it to he our duty as a Government to see
to it at the earliest practicable day that crime
in the rebel States is punished, and that the
power of this Government for protection and
security shall be e'xerted and felt by the turbu-
lent and disorderly hordes who now create so
much disturbance in those States.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President  
Mr. POLAND. I really trust, Mr. Presi-
dent, we shall now be allowed to come to a
vote on this bill. This debate is on no ques-
tion before the Senate, and it can take place
just as well after we have voted on the bill as
before. I really hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow us to vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not detain the
Senate from a vote, and I rose simply to say
that I have no doubt there are disorders exist-
ing in some of the States of the South, and
undoubtedly in the State of Texas the disor-
ders do not exist to any such extent as is stated
or feared or apprehended by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. I hold in my hand a
letter—and I read no anonymous letters to this
Senate or elsewhere as any authority for a
statement that I make—a letter signed by a
gentleman from the State of Wisconsin who
was an officer in the Federal Army, and who
has lately removed to the State of Texas and
taken up his residence at La Grange, in that
State: it is Mr. Willard, formerly of the StatQ
of Wisconsin. Mr. Willard writes ^o me under
date of 22d of January last:
La Giiangk, Texas, January 22,1867.
Sill: * * * * I left Washington in
Juno last with my family anil have resided here
ever since. I havo ample means of knowing the
position of tho poo pie to the Oovernment, as I
have traveled through nearly every Southern State
and talked frankly with many who were active
participants on the southern side of the war.
They were fairly defeated and frankly aeknowieze
it, and never has a brave and generous people
been so vilified and slandered as have the people of
tho southern States, and never in the history of any
civilized Government has a fallen foe been treated as
has this. I came here k> tho people as a northern
man and late an officer in the Federal Army. Ilitive
been treated with courtesy and uniform kindness ever
since I have been in the State by those who were
during tho war the most ardent supporters of tho
confederate government. This was for many years
the home of Jack Hamilton, who publicly declares on
the stump at the North that a loyal citizen's life is
not safe in any community in Texas. It is a fact well
known in this community that Hamilton brought here
from Alabamaa free negro woman whon he first came
into the State and held her as a slave until he was
compelled by the court of thisdistriet to liberate her.
This fact can be substantiated by the personal friends
of Hamilton, and who do not pretend to make any
apologies for his licentious course as a private citizen.
With one accord it is generally acknowledged that he
has no character to lose. Yet this man is put before
the people of the North to instruct them as to the
political status of the people of this State: a man who
is an outcast from respectable society and an honest
community because of his immoral and dishonest life
as a man. EVee speech is as much tolerated as in
Wisconsin to-day. and as good and law-abiding pco-
plo as those in liacine countv. * *
Let me mention one fact within my personal
knowledge in regard to justieo as dealt out to the
negro in this State. At tho sitting of the district
court herein November, a young man about twenty-
two years of ago was arraigned and tried for the
shooting and killing of anegro. The facts were these:
the negro was at work in a cotton held for Jones,
who had formerly owned tho ucsro. Some dispute
arose between the negro and Joues, when Jones
called his son, Robert, who settled the difficulty by
shooting the aegru. Robert was arraigned and tried
by ajuiy of twelve citizens, all of whom had formerly
been slave-owners and supporters of the war; hewas
defended by the best legal counsel in this part of the
State; the judge, a lirra believer in tho divine instil
tution of slavery, charged thejury to find according
to evidence. The jury returned a verdict 01 guilty,
and he was sentenced to the penitentiary for five
years. "ltobert was a son of one of the most influen-
tial men in this community. , „
With regards, &e„ to yourself and family, X am your
obedient servant; ' n Tv WTT.T.A P.TI
fcfqvf, sir, here is a young man from the State
