1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let the bill be read,
which I see the gentleman has in his hand
ready to report.
The SPEAKER. The question is not in
regard to any particular bill, but whether the
Committee for the District of Columbia shall
now be allowed their regular time for the con-
sideration of business of a private nature.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to reserve
my right to object until after the bill is read.
Senate bill No. 218, to exempt the property
of debtors in the District of Columbia from
levy, attachment, or sale on execution, was
tli^n re&d
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not object.
The SPEAKER. The question is whether
there is any objection to allowing the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia to take their
regular time now.
No objection was made.
EXEMPTION LAW IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
amendments, Senate bill No. 218, exempting
the property of debtors in the District of
Columbia from levy, attachment, or sale or
execution, with a recommendation that the
same do pass.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the following property, being the property of
a head of a family or householder, shall be
exempt from distraint, attachment, levy, and
sale on execution or decree of any court in the
District of Columbia j provided this exemption
shall not interfere with the foreclosure of any
mortgage or deed of trust executed before the
passage of this act, to wit: all wearing apparel
belonging to all persons, and to all heads of
families, being householders; all beds, bed-
ding, household furniture, stoves, cooking uten-
sils, &c., not exceeding S300 in value ; pro-
visions for three months' support, whether
provided or growing; fuel for three months;
mechanics' tools and implements of the debt-
or's trade or business amounting to $200 in
value, with §200 worth of stock for carrying on
the business of the debtor or his family j the
library and implements of a professional man
or artist to the value of $300; one horse, mule,
or yoke of oxen; one cart, wagon, or dray,
and harness for such team : farming utensils,
with food for such team for three months, and
if the debtor be a farmer, any other farming
tools of the value of $100; all family pictures,
and all the family library; one cow, one swine,
six sheep; and no deed of trust, bill of sale,
or mortgage upon any of said exempted arti-
cles, shall be binding or valid unless signed by
the wife of the debtor, if he be married and liv-
ing with his wife : and these exemptions shall
be valid when the said property is in transitu
the same as if the property were at rest; pro-
vided no property named and exempted in this
act shall be exempted from attachment or exe-
cution for any debt due for the wages of ser-
vants, common laborers, or clerks, except the
wearing apparel, beds and bedding, and house-
hold furniture and provisions for the debtor
and family.
The first question was upon the following
amendment reported from the committee:
Add to tho bill the following:
Provided further. That this act shall not in any
manner interfere with the collection of any debt or
tho enforcement of any contract made prior to the
passage of this act. and shall apply to cases founded
upon contract only.
Mr. ROSS. I would like my friend [Mr.
Ixgersoi.i.] to yield to me to move an amend-
ment that a homestead of the value of not ex-
ceeding $1,000 shall bevexempted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think I can
yield this morning for that purpose.
Mr. ROSS. That is tlie Illinois State law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know it is, I know
that in the State of Illinois and perhaps in some
other States the law exempts a homestead of
$1,000 as long as the family resides upon it.
If the gentleman desires to have a law of that
character for this District he should introduce
a separate bill for that purpose, because there
are a great many qualifications which should
be attached to it. For that reason I cannot
yield to allow the amendment to be offered to
this bill.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a motion that the bill be recommitted
with instructions to report an amendment of
the character I have indicated?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot, for the rea-
sons I have already stated. The gentleman
will remember that in our State it is a distinct
act, independent of all other exemptions of
personal property; and I think it should be the
same here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for an in-
quiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I understand the
amendment of the committee it excepts from
the operation of this bill all actions for tort.
Why should actions for tort be excepted ? Why
should a man by his tort deprive his family of
the benefits of this exemption? It seems to
me there would be much more propriety in ex-
cepting actions on contract. If a man makes
a contract and agrees to abide by it, it seems to
me there would be much more propriety in ex-
cepting it from a statute of exemption than to
except an action for his tort merely. I think
there should ay east be the same exception of
judgments for a'contract as for a tort. I would
like my colleague [Mr. Ingersoll] to explain
why he makes this difference.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The only reason I can
give in favor of the present form of the bill—
whether it is a good reason is for the House to
determine—is, that if an exemption were pro-
vided in actions of tort it might have a tendency
to produce breaches of the peace, men know-
ing that there would be no liability to tho sale
of their property for any judgment that might
be rendered against them. This was the only
reason urged in the committee; and it was
deemed to be especially applicable to Wash-
ington city, where the population is to a great
extent of a transient character, and where a
provision of the sort referred to might have a
bad teudency.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The punishment of
the offender personally for a breach of the
peace would, it seems to me, have more terror
than the fact that his property might be levied
upon. Let a man be proceeded against per-
sonally and punished by imprisonment for any
tort he may commit, but do not let a family be
robbed of the means of support on account of
the tort of the head of the family.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection
personally to extending this exemption to cases
of tort committed by the head of a family. I
am willing that the amendment suggested by
my colleague shall be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to one
or two points: and first I beg leave to sav
that I would object very seriously to a bill
extending this exemption to cases of tort.
Take the case of slauder or libel, which is
punishable by damages: it might be argued
that by compelling a man to pay damages for
the injury he has done his neighbor by slander
or libel you rob his family to that extent of
their means of support. The same argument
might be used in the case of a tine inflicted
upon a man as punishment for his crime.
But this is not the point to which I desired
to call attention. I do not see that the bill
makes any provision for a proper estimate of
what is a sufficient provision for three months'
support of a family. There is no provision for
any appraisement by any marshal, constable, or
other officer. Who is to make this assessment ?
Is the officer to exercise his own judgment?
He might not know how large the family was;
and if he should not set apart sufficient for the
maintenance of the family is he to be held res-
ponsible to the debtor for having set apart
too little? It strikes me that the bill should
contain some provision for the selection ofsuit-
ble persons as appraisers, so that the executive
officers might be relieved of that responsibility.
One word as to the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] in regard to the ex-
emption of the homestead to the amount of
$1,000. Such exemptions are common in the
western States, and in those States are proper.
There are reasons why the new States should
extend to persons proposing to settle there ad;
vantages which they do not enjoy in the old
States. But in a city like this, where the pop 
ulation is to a great extent transient in its char;
acter, an exemption of that sort would oper-
ate injuriously. It is not proper that a man
should come here and, on the strength of a
small homestead, contract debts to the amount
of $J ,000, then set his creditors at defiance,
sellhishomestead, andmoveaway. Tliereasons
in favor of a large exemption in the Territories
and new States do not apply to this city, where
the population is of a different character.
As 1 have already remarked, it strikes me
that the bill in its present form is defective be-
cause it does not provide for suitable persons
to make the assessment of the property to lie
set apart for the maintenance ofthe family. -
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am inclined, Mr.
Speaker, to concur in the statement of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johxson]
with reference to the assessment of the speci-
fied amount of provisions to be allowed for the
support of a family. If the gentleman can
frame an amendment to meet the case I shall
be very happy to give it my concurrence.
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio, my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Welker. ]
Mr. WELKER. There is one objection to
the amendment reported by the committee,
to which I want to call the attention of the
House. It provides that this exemption shall
not apply to debts contracted after the passage
of this biil. I think that that provision is uuu-
snal in legislation of this kind. In a'liheStates
where property is exempted from execution
the law aiwaysappliesto existingindebtedness.
I object that this clause of exemption shall be
confined to indebtedness that may occur after
the passage of the law, and I hope, therefore,
that this amendment will not be adopted. If
we attempt to afford relief to this class of debt-
ors in the District of Columbia, let us do it so
far as past indebtedness is concerned as well
as in relation to debts that may be incurred
after the passage of the act. I hope the House
will not adopt the amendment reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speaker, I am obliged
to differ from my colleague on the committee
who last addressed the House in reference to
the restrictive clause of this bill by which it is
confined to debts incurred after its passage.
It seems to me that it is right and proper, as a
general proposition, that a man shall have the
benefit of all laws which were in force and
effect at the time his contract was entered
into. I am aware that it is held by the courts
in many.of the States that there is a difference
between the contract itself and the remedy for
its enforcement) that Congress has tho right to
: impair the remedy I have no doubt. But I
question very much the expediency of exer-
: cising that right, except in extreme cases; and
• it seems to me that this is not such an extreme
case as to call for the exereise ctf any sueh
power. The bill, as framed and reported, limits
its operation to contracts entered into after the
passage of the law, which, to my mind, is just
and reasonable.
The other amendment is in reference to re-
strictingthe operation ofthe bill to actions pred-
icated on contracts. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. F.uix.swortii] objects to this, and can
see no good reason why it should not extend
to eases of tort. I will mention one reason
which it strikes me has forefs and shows that
this restrictive elau?o shook! be kept in the
bill. It is this; a man who commits a tort in
taking the personal property o f his neighbor may
have judgment recovered against him. 1 hat is
