1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
with than the Senator from Indiana, because
Lake Superior is not a strange country to me,
nor is Lake Pepin, nor any point on the line.
In the development of that region, we as a
people are largely interested. The lands are
nothing as compared with what may be de-
veloped by making this grant to those who
may go forward and build up great works that
enrich the nation. We as a nation grow rich
by promoting great enterprises, and as near as
I can understand and comprehend this propo-
sition, it is one of those things that will tend
to the development of a vastly rich portion of
the Northwest. It is not understood perhaps
by the Senator from Indiana, for I am not
sure that he ever crossed the Wabash. This
line would be one of the best lines for the
development of our country that I can now
think of as falling within the sphere of legisla-
tion ; and we have not to incur any indebted-
ness for it, but only to concede what is prop-,
erty of ours, of no value except for the purpose
of development.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The Senator from In-
diana has asked some information from me in
regard to this bill. If I can have his attention
I will give him what information I have, and
that upon which I acted in reporting it. The
bill as originally presented to the Senate pro-
vided for a railroad from the mouth of the
Menomonee river to Kewaunee bay, and thence
to the mineral region northeasterly and around
to Bayfield, with a branch from the mouth of
the Menomonee river across the State of Wis-
consin to Hudson. In that way the branch was
the main stem of the road, if length makes the
main stem. Upon examination I found no
recommendation from any responsible source
in Wisconsin asking for this road from the
mouth of the Menomonee river to Hudson;
but I did find a memorial from the Legislatures
of the States of Wisconsin and Minnesota,
asking for the road provided for in the sections
proposed as an amendment to this bill. For
that reason that amendment was made.
Now, as to the road from the mouth of the
Menomonee river northwardly, thirty-five or
forty miles from that river it strikes the min-
eral region, rich mines of iron, and follows that
class of country, according to the information
I have, until it reaches nearly to the bay. Pro-
ceeding northeasterly from that point about
eight miles you strike the copper region in the
peninsula, shown by the map extending out
into the Lake Superior copper region of the
State of Michigan, all of which is now oper-
ated without any advantage of railroads ex-
cept such as the owners of the mines build
for themselves. Following around the shores
of the lake then southwesterly to Bayfield, it
strikes a few miles from Bayfield auother very
rich deposit of iron, and the entire object and
purpose of this bill, so far as the road from the
mouth of the Menomonee river northwardly or
northeasterly is concerned, is to develop the
mineral region of that State and furnish it a
means of reaching a market.
The amount of land, according to the infor-
mation I have, and I think I am correct, that
the company will receive is small. Thirty-five
or forty miles north of the mouth of the Meno-
monee river the road strikes the mineral region,
and by the terms of the bill mineral lands are
excluded. Lands will only be granted for a
distance of thirty-five or forty miles from the
mouth of the Menomonee river and ten or twenty
miles southward of Bayfield. Beyond that there
will be very little land, for of course the rest
of the road is all through the mineral region.
If it be important to develop the mineral pro-
ductions ot that region of country, it is import-
ant to pass this bill; if not, not.
With reference to the road through the State
of Wisconsin, as I have stated, the recommend-
ation to insert that is based upon a memorial
sent to us by the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin and the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota. The branch was stricken out, there
being no such memorial from either State as to
that, as I am advised.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which road was cov-
ered by the memorial?
Mr. KI UK WO 01). The one provided for
in the amendment contained in the latter sec-
tions of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is the
better road.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think they will both
tend to develop the resources of that coun-
try ; the one the mineral region of Lake Su-
perior, and the other the agricultural region
of Wisconsin. It is not for nic to say any-
thing in regard to the policy of making land-
grants for railroads. That policy has been
adopted and carried out already in the State
from which I come, and it does not become
me to say a word against it. I am not here to
say a word against it. Finding, as I supposed,
objects to be accomplished by this bill that
would tend to increase the wealth and pros-
perity of our country, it was submitted by me,
according to the instructions I received, to the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
and approved by him, and reported by me to
the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. There are not more
than ten or twelve Senators here. I am willing
to remain as long as any one, but I think it is
very wrong to legislate with only that number
of Senators present. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would
withdraw that motion. I think he might allow
this bill to pass. There is nothing new about
the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no hostility to
the bill, and I withdraw the motion in the hope
that we can get a vote.
Mr. HOWE. I think the debate is over, and
I do not believe any"dfvision will be called on
the bill. I hope none will be.
Mr. HENDERSON. What quantity of land
is granted, permit me to ask?
Sir. HOWE. The usual quantity of land.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the length of
the road ?
Mr. HOWE. One of these roads lies in the
State of Michigan, and I cannot tell you the
length of that. The other road is about oue
hundred and eighty miles in length, running
from the mouth of the Fox river due west. It
is asked for by the States of Minnesota and
Wisconsin.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand about
that; but what about the other road?
Mr. HOWE. The other road is in the State
of Michigan, for the purpose of developing the
mineral region there to bring the mineral from
the copper and iron region down to the mouth
of the Menomonee river. I am not perfectly
familiar with the merits of that case. It is
asked for by the State of Michigan. It cannot
be so long a road as the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. I supposed it was a
much more lengthy road, because as I under-
stood the description as read by the Senator
from Indiana it is to run north, then northwest,
and then southwest.
Mr. HOWE. It has more courses than the
other road, but not more miles.
Mr. HENDERSON. I supposed that by
running in such a direction, without any defined
object such as towns to go by, it might be car-
ried three or four times around the State.
Mr. IIOWE. Oh, no. If the Senator would
take a glauce at the map he would see at onee
what it is.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If the Senator will look
at the map he will find that on reaching Bay-
field, on Lake Superior, there is running north-
easterly from there what is called the mineral
peninsula, a peninsula running perhaps fifty
miles into Lake Superior, in which is contained
most of the copper mining region now being
worked there. You can run in that direction
the length of that peninsula, but you cannot
run beyond it, or else you run into Lake Supe-
rior. Whenvou run the road in that direction
so far as the mineral region, which is the length
of the peninsula, you must stop. The coast of
Lake Superior there runs northeasterly and
southwesterly ; and southwesterly of the point
where you strike this mineral region running
north from Kewaunee bay is the town of Bay-
field. So there is no danger of running without
end. When you start northeast you run perhaps
twenty-five to fifty miles. I cannot be certain
of the distance through the peninsula, but when
you get to the end of the peninsula you strike
Lake Superior, and of course you must stop in
that direction. Running in a southwesterly
direction Bayfield is the fixed terminus. Then
it is not a railroad without any end, as the
Senator seems to apprehend. If he will consult
the map he will see the absolute certainty of
the line of the road.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand now:
it is very clear. Lake Superior, as I under-
stand, is in form something like a sack of oats
on a horse's back, and the object of this bill is
to have a road to run entirely on the outside
and the inside of the lake all around.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. No ; the Senator is en-
tirely mistaken in that idea. If he had before
him a map of Lake Superior he would under-
stand the matter much better than he does at
this time, I am satisfied.
Mr. HENDERSON. If we can get a vote
I shall not of course insist upon the motion to
adjourn ; but I cannot remain here much
longer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill ought not to
pass really with so thin a Senate; it is not
right. If the Senate of the United States
choose to pass this bill with the limited in-
formation we have on the subject, of course it
is satisfactory to me. I have done my duty in
briefly explaining what the thing is : but I do
not feel that I am doing my duty in letting so
important a grant of the public lands pass
when the Senate is so thin, when there is not
half a rjuorum present. The effect of this bill
is to withdraw from market a vast region of
country, in my judgment, without the least
possibility of the construction of the road, and
I do not feel that it is right to do it.
Mr. CRESWELL. I understand the Sena-
tor from Indiana to be dissatisfied that the
Senate shall take action on this bill to-night.
Do I understand him to move that it be post-
poned ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir, I do not; but
I propose to take the vote of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. CRESWELL. Does the gentleman
intend to call for a division?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is equivalent to a
motion to postpone, so far as this measure is
concerned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the bill will
stand as the unfinished business for to-mor-
row.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Indiana
really wants a division upon this question I
will "let the bill go over. I do not want to
press it to a vote in a thin Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the Senator from
Wisconsin anxious to pass the bill?
Mr. HOWE. I am anxious to pass one part
of the bill, because, as I have already informed
the Senate, the Legislatures of two States ask
for it. I have no manner of interest in the
other branch of the bill.
Mr. CRESWELL. It seems to be a sort of
omnibus, and I think it can wait till morning.
SAMCEL M. BEATTY.
Mr. WADE. If this bill is to be laid over
I desire to submit for the action of the Senate
a little bill about as long as your finger, which
I should like to have passed. I have been en-
deavoring to get the floor all day in order to
call it up. It is Senate bill No. 403.
The PRESIDES"! pro tempore. Th- Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the bill be fur'' the
