1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Senate be laid aside by common consent, and
that Senate bill No. 463 be taken up for con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 463) for the relief of Rev. Samuel M.
Beatty, of Ohio, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the payment
of $413 60 for Mr. Beatty's services as chap-
lain from January 12, to April 23,1863, at the
United States military hospital at Cleveland,
Ohio.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is that reported from
8 committee?
Mr. "WADE. From the Committee on
Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
' exchange of public documents.
Mr. CRESWELL. There is in my charge a
joint resolution reported by the joint Commit-
tee on the Library, with reference to the ex-
change of public documents with foreign coun-
tries, that! am anxious to get passed. I move
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 179) to provide for the ex-
change of certain documents was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that fifty copies of
all documents hereafter printed by order of
either House of Congress, and fifty copies ad-
ditional of all documents printed in excess of
the usual number, together with fifty copies of
each publication issued by any Department or
bureau of the Government, shall be placed at
the disposal of the joint Committee on the
Library, who shall exchange the same, through
the agency of the Smithsonian Institution, for
such works published in foreign countries, and
especially by foreign Governments, as may be
deemed by the committee an equivalent; the
works received to be deposited in the library
of Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1049. It simply provides for an exten-
sion of the bounty act to the cases of soldiers
who have lost their discharge papers.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1049) to amend an act entitled "An
act making appropriations," &c., approved
July 28, 1866, giving additional bounties to dis-
charged soldiers in certain cases, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that claims for the additional bounties pro-
vided by the act of July 28,1866, incases where
the claimant's discharge certificate is alleged
to have been accidentally lost or destroyed,
may be presented to the Second Auditor of the
Treasury for settlement; and upon proper ap-
plication, accompanied with proofs of such loss,
the Auditor shall examine and determine the
claim as in other like cases of claims settled
by him. The payment of any such claim is to
be made by a paymaster on the usual form of
Treasury certificate, issued by the Auditor and
countersigned by the Comptroller. The nature
of the proofs required, and the forms in which
they shall be presented, are to be prescribed
by the Treasury Department.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
to amend the resolution by inserting after "de-
stroyed" in line six the words "and where the
claimant's application for arrears of pay and
bounty prior to the passage of the said act has
been already settled by the Second Auditor
upon proof of loss of discharge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer this amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the officers, non-
commissioned officers, privates, musicians, and other
volunteers who were organised in Missouri under
General Order, Xo. 'At, isMied by tho President of the
United States (in tho 7th day of November, 18(51,
under authority of an art in addition to tho act to
authorize tho employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing tho laws and protecting the public prop-
erty, approved July 22, ISiH, and aceepted into the
service of the United States lor " during the war," as
provided by the act making an appropriation for
completing the defenses of Washington, and for other
purposes, approved February 1:1, 18i 2, and who per-
formed service according to the terms of their enlist-
ment, shall be, and they arc hereby, placed on the
same footing in respcct to pay, bounty, pension, and
all other emoluments and allowances, as that occu-
pied by the ^olunteer troops organized under said
act of July 22, 1861, "to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property."
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator from
Missouri would not seek to put that provision
on this bill. This is a little bill which has
come from the House of Representatives to
allow bounty claims to be settled in cases where
the certificates of discharge have been lost, and
it has been guarded by the amendment very
carefully. There is a bill from the House
which I propose to get up to-morrow or at the
earliest moment I can, which provides that
sailors and marines shall stand on the same
footing as soldiers who were permitted last year
.to receive $100 extra bounty, and on that bill
this amendment will be appropriate; but I hope
the Senator will not insist upon putting it upon
this little bill. It has a very big title I know;
but it is really a little bill, and I hope it will be
allowed to pass to-night, and I will try in the
morning to get up the other bill, to which I
have alluded. The proposition of the Senator
is just in itself; but the Senate is very thin,
and to insist upon it now may create some
difficulty.
Mr. HENDERSON.^ ,It was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I think it is right; but it
ought not to go on this Httle bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I hope the Senator
from Missouri will not attach this amendment
to the bill without discussion. It will require
a large appropriation of money, while the bill
from the House is merely a bill for the relief
of soldiers who have lost their discharge pa-
pers. I know personally of several soldiers
in the State which I represent who have lost
their papers, and by reason of that loss the
proper bureau here will not listen to their
applications for bounty. This bill is merely
to remove that difficulty, to enable the bureau
to prescribe what rules it may see fit in order
to protect the Government, but not to make
the loss of the discharge an insuperable barrier
to receiving the bounty, if the party can show
that he was honorably and fairly discharged,
and that he has lost his discharge papers. It
is a measure of relief that I think ought to be
passed ; and I hope it will not be encumbered
with anything that may cause discussion, and
certainly requires an appropriation of money.
I will say to the Senator from Missouri that
when his bill comes up on its own merits I
shall probably be disposed to give it very favor-
able consideration, because 1 think every man
who has done service to his country ought to
receive pay.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am told by Senators
that I ought not to encumber this bill, which
is simply to enable a soldier to draw his
bounty where he has lost his certificate of dis-
charge. I concur that such a bill ought to be
passed ; but I offer this amendment to allow
bounty to persons in my State who served
faithfully for three years and four months in
this war, who fought in every section of the
country, but who, on account of the merest
of all technicalities, have been denied a single
dollar of bounty ; while other troops who
served for little more than half the time that
they did, for two years only, were paid under
the act of 1861 $100 bounty, and under the
act that we passed at the last session $100
more. This amendment only proposes to pay
these troops the $100 allowed under the act
of 1861. I do not ask that they be advanced
to the footing occupied by the other troops of
J the United States under the act of the last
j session. This amendment, as I offer it, has a
unanimous report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. It is right, no doubt of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is an act of justice
that it seems to me ought no longer to be denied
to these troops. Every time I offer it some ob-
jection is made. Two years ago I got it inserted
on the miscellaneous appropriation bill, and it
was adopted by both Houses ; but unfortu-
nately that appropriation bill was then lost, as
Senators will remember, on account of the
disagreement between the two Houses upon
the celebrated amendment of Mr. Davis, of
Maryland. In that way I have been compelled
again and again to lose this proposition. It
seems to me that it is now quite appropriate
upon a bill which proposes to do justice to
soldiers in regard to their bounty, to enable
them to draw bounty where their papers are
lost. It seems to me proper on such a bill to
insert a provision to give a bounty to troops
of my State who served as well as any troops,
and longer than many who have already re-
ceived bounty, who have their papers in their
pockets and are ready to produce them at any
time. I offer the proposition now in precisely
\ the form in which it was recommended by the
| Military Committee and reported to this body
at the last session, and in the same form in
j which it was passed by both branches of the
last Congress, when, after having been agreed
to by both Houses, it failed to become a law in
consequence of the loss of the bill upon which
it was put.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have no objection to
! the amendment in itself, but the Senator is
aware of the condition of the Senate ; and if
he can assure me that it will be adopted and
not defeat the bill I am entirely willing that
it shall go on it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why should it defeat
the bill ?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not want to lose
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt it is right;
but I was afraid there would be objection to
it, and that thus it might cause the defeat of
the bill. The measure is right in itself, and I
shall not object to the amendment if nobody
else does.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AVILSON. I now propose to amend
the bill further by inserting the following as a
new section:
And be it further enacted. That the provisions of
sections twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and six-
teen of tho act approved July 28, 1866, relating to
additional bounties to enlisted soldiers, &c., shall be,
and hereby are, made applicable to seamen of the
United States Navy and marines enlisted for corre-
sponding periods, the said bounties to be paid in the
same manner and subject to the same conditions as
provided in those sections so far as the same are ap-
plicable, and otherwise in accordance with laws regu-
lating the payment of other bounties to seamen and
marines.
I will simply say that this section has passed
the House of Representatives as a separate
bill; but they have used the word '' pensions''
by mistake instead of "bounty." Our com-
mittee have agreed unanimously to report it;
but as this bill has already been amended, it
may as well go upon this bill in proper shape.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does it require three
years service for marines as well as for those
in the military service ?
Mr. WILSON. It puts them on the same
footing, applying to marines oxectly the same
provisions which the law now extends to sol-
diers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The original proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts was
obviously right, and we could understand it
very easily; bat now that it is to branch off
into general legislation I object. There are
not enough here to pass on such measures, and
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
