1183
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
of Wisconsin, an officer of the Army, who
states on bis own personal knowledge the facts
in relation to the arraigning, trial, and convic-
tion of a son of one of the most influential men in
Texas, in the very home of this Jack Hamilton,
who he .says is sent to the people of the North
to declajp tb,at a Union man cannot live in the
State of Texas. He was tried by a jury of
slaveholders, and under the charge of the judge
of the district, convicted and sent to the peni-
tentiary for this offense. Mr. President, I do
not allude to this by way of saying that there
are no outrages in Texas. I only say that the
honorable Senator from Michigan has not taken
all the testimony on this subject in relation to
the condition of affairs there.
I will state another thing. I was in Louisi-
ana and Texas myself last fall, and from infor-
mation which I received 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired and it becomes tho duty
of the Chair to call up the special order which
is House bill No. 452.
Mr. POLAND. I hope that may bo laid
aside long enough for us to get a vote on the
bankrupt bill, and I trust Senators will agree
to that course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will forbear taking
any further time of the Senate if the honorable
Senator /ronj. Vermont desires to take a vote
on the bill. I simply wish to say that, under
bankrupt law^ in other countries, even alien
enemies are allowed to come in and take the
benefit of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate is House bill No. 452.
Mr. POLAND. I move to postpone that
temporarily.
Mr. ^GRIMES. I am perfectly content that
this bill shall be postponed or laid aside in-
formally if we can have a vote on the bill of
Svhieh the Senator from Vermont has charge;
hut if there is to be debate upon it, and I
understand the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Shmnku] has risen to address
the Senate on that subject, T must object.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
complete this question of the bankrupt bill.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is any understand-
ing reached by the Senator from Vermont and
his friends that the bankrupt bill can be voted
011 now, I am perfectly content that the special
order shall be laid aside informally.
Mr. CRAG IN. I wish to say a few words
before the bankrupt bill passes; I may perhaps
occupy five minutes.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I trust the special
order will not be laid aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the present and prior orders
imd continue the consideration of the baukrunt
bill.
On a division, there wore—ayes 24, noes 7;
so the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we can come to a
vote on the question I do not desire to take
up the time of the Senate on this side issue
which is sprung on the bill here.
. Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to take up
time either, but I do not regard the issue to
which the Senator refers as a side issue ; it is
an issue of substance ; it is one of the pivots
of the bill. However, I do not wish now to
debate it, and I should not say another word
but for the remarks that hare fallen from the
Senator from Connecticut and also the Senator
from Wisconsin. They have introduced letters
from the rebel States undertaking to gloss over
and the Senators will pardon me the expres-
sion—to whitewash the unhappy condition of
things there. They are able to show what I
would call a sporadic case of justice, the
standing rule throughout that unhappy region
is injustice.
A Hcrmtov near me [Mr. Howard] asks me
very properly, do I call it justice when ft man
sentenced to five years in the penitentiary
wlip another man down. That is the jus-
tice whtfth jtl^s Senator from Connecticut or the
ggijatdr ffon? $fj,sconsin—I forget which it
was—introduced and quoted as an example of
the heavenly condition of things in that coun-
try. Sir, the evidence from every quarter of
that country, from every State and every part
of every State, all tends in one direction; it is
that there is something like anarchy and chaos
there, that misrule prevails, cruelty, harsh-
ness, wrong of all kinds. The whole region is
now little better than a whited" sepulchre full
of dead men's bones andall uncleanness; and
the Senator from Connecticut comes here to
add to the whitening, to white over this sepul-
chre.
Because I have introduced letters sometimes
without giving the names of the writers the
Senator calls them anonymous ; or at any rate
says that to him they are anonymous. Well,
what he reads in the newspapers is anonymous;
the statements that fill the newspapers are
anonymous. Is he prepared not to believe the
terrible tidings that come to us every day?
Those tidings are always anonymous. One
aggravation of the case is that we cannot give
the names of these writers without endanger-
ing their lives. Since the Senator has been
on his feet, in running over my morning letters
which are now on tho desk before me, I have
come upon one with regard to a recent terrible
outrage in Georgia, and the writer, after sign-
ing himself " Yours, for humanity," says at
the end 
Mr. EESSENDEN. Does he give his name?
Mr. SUMNER, lamcomingtothat. After
signing himself "yours for humanity," he says,
" of course you will not allow my name to be
known; it would bo as much as my life is
worthand Senators ask us to give the name
of writers in that unhappy condition. Sir, I
was here in the old days of Kansas, and I
remember when the cruel slave-masters of that
time smiled over what they called the "free-
dom ahriokers of Kansassmiled over all the
evidence that wo introduced day by day of the
terrible atrocities that wore there perpetrated ;
and Senators now in similar mood smile when
all those horrors are brought before them and
they ask for the name of the writer, knowing
well, as they must, that giving the name of the
writer is perhaps his death-warrant. That is
the case. You cannot give the name of the
writer who communicates these terrible tidings.
There is such a condition of things, such a
lawlessness, such an absolute recklessness of
human life, that people cannot tell the truth
with regard to tho actual condition of things
there without paying for it a terrible penalty.
1 hope Senators will not ask for names when
tho asking the question may involve a terrible
sacrifice.
But Senators may say that then the letters
should not be read, that the authority should
not be introduced. Why, sir, I heard that
more than ten years ago with regard to Kansas.
Does any one doubt now that all the statements
wo then made with regard to Kansas, that all
that bloody record was true to tho letter?
History is now making another fearful record
with regard to these rebel States, and I entreat
yoji Senators and my colleagues here in public
duty, to listen kindly and attentively to all this
news and to apply yourselves directly, and gen-
erously throw over these people all the protec-
tion possible.
But now, to give a practical application of
these remarks into which I have been betrayed
unexpectedly, 1 must again call your attention
to that bankrupt act which proposes to confer
certain benefits on persons who have been in
the rebellion, and in this way give them an
undeserved advantage over good Union peo-
ple, black and white. I regret infinitely that
feature of the bill. I sought to have it changed.
I wish now that I could have another oppor-
tunity of voting on that question even if the
Senate should vote me down. I see the im-
patience of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.J Ho says, "Why, they would vote
you down." Tho Senator is comparatively
new in the Senate. I hav« boan accustomed
to be voted down. When I brought forward
in this body the motions for the repeal of the
fugitive slave act, for emancipation, for human
rights, again and again was I voted down ;
again and again was I in a very small minor-
ity ; and yet that cause has prevailed. Vote
me down if you please; let the Senator from
Vermont vote against me if he pleases ; but
still I shall not miss any opportunity to sus-
tain the cause which I believe is the great
cause of Human Rights and of this Republic.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no desire to con-
tinue this discussion, and shall only say a few
words.
Mr. President, I may be mistaken in my es-
timate of myself; but I claim some manhood;
I claim a little courage; I claim some devo-
tion to the Republic; I claim some integrity
in the support of humanity and of correct prin-
ciples ; and because I do claim those things
I am tired of the whip of the leader in this
body lashed at me, telling the country at the
same time in those stentor tones of his that
there is none here to do duty but the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. I am tired of
that relation here; I have great respect for the
Senator; I have much attachment for the Sen-
ator ; I have stood by the Senator, in my way,
heretofore; but the Senator should leave to
me and to every other Senator some individu-
ality. Mr. President, it is not right, it is
indecent at this time, after we have been
tried here, myself for four years, in every
struggle, in every vote, in every act that could
defend the nation or defend humanity, to have
the country told that we are cowards, lacking
moral nature, lacking the disposition to do our
duty. Such paintings are drawn constantly,
and we are denounced, by implication if not
directly, and frequently directly, as falling short
of our duty in this body. Mr. President, we
are equals here. I am tired of this. I shall
not submit to it for one. I only simply profess
to be an atom of this body, one of its constitu-
ent elements, but I ask to be let alone and not
to be placarded to the country as a coward.
Upon every occasion this opportunity is seized.
I am tired of it.
Mr. CRAG1N. Mr. President, the Senate
will bear me witness that since I have occupied
a place in this Chamber I have consumed but
very little time in speaking. I aim never to
speak upon any occasion unless I think I have
something to say pertinent to the subject under
debate, and to say that in the shortest time
possible.
I make no factious opposition to this bill j
but I felt it my duty on a former occasion to
vote against it without giving any reason for
that vote. Since that time I have received
several anonymous letters from men in New
York, representing themselves as New Hamp-
shire men, abusing me for that vote. Believing
as I did on the former occasion, and as I now
believe, that the people of New Hampshire,
whom I represent, are almost unanimously
opposed to this measure. I then felt it my
duty to- vote against it, and I still feel it my
duty to vote against it. I admit that there are
many men in this country who would be bene-
fited by this bill if it should be enacted into a
law awl who ought to. be benefited ; but at the
same time I can see that there is a large class
who deserve no benefit under it who will avail
themselves of its provisions.
If the bilB could have- been amended in two
particulars, notwithstanding I believe the peo-
ple of my State are overwhelmingly against
it I should have- voted for it, and would now
do so. If the-amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] had. been- adopted so that bo man could
be discharged from his indebtedness unless he
could pay fifty cents on the dollar or receive
the consent of a majority of his creditors, it
would have recommended the bill to me. Then
if the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] plac-
ing the limit of indebtedness at $1,000 before
a man could voluntarily take the benefit of
this act had been adopted-, it would have also
commended it to my approbation, and with
those two amendments 1 could have voted for
