1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
ms
clerks in the civil service at Washington shall
have been disposed of. It will take but a few
minutes to pass it, as it has already been
engrossed and read a third time.
Sir. KASSON. I thought it was understood
by the House when we adjourned on yesterday
that we would proceed to-day with the consid-
eration of the legislative appropriation bill in
the Committee of the Whole. It is a bill to
furnish means to carry on the regular opera-
tions of the Government, and therefore of more
importance than this extra compensation bill.
If the compensation bill should now be taken
up I am afraid it will entirely prevent us from
getting the appropriation bill through the House
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kassox] has the right to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have twice waived my
right to have this bill put upon its passage for
the sake of giving to the House a morning
hour. Now, if the bill shall not be consid-
ered and disposed of to-day it cannot be taken
up on Monday under the rules, and on Tuesday
the special order, the bill on reconstruction
presented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] will come lip for consideration.
I hope that gentlemen will not take advantage
of my forbearance in twice waiving my right
to put this resolution upon its passage. It is
now engrossed and has been read a third time,
and can soon be disposed of.
Mr. KASSON. I would inquire of the Chair
what is the pending motion upon the bill for
increased compensation to clerks.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The SPEAKER. The compensation bill is
not now before the House. The question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to postpone the further con-
sideration of the Nebraska bill. If that motion
is agreed to, then the House joint resolution
No. 224, giving additional compensation to
certain employes in the civil service of the
Government at Washington, will come up for
consideration, that being the next pending
unfinished business.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair what would be the condition of
the Nebraska bill should this compensation
bill be now taken up and disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It will again come up as
unfinished business when the compensation
joint resolution shall have been disposed of.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Garfield to postpone for the present
the further consideration of the Nebraska bill;
and upon a division there were—ayes seventy-
seven ; noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STOKES asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Aksell, for ten
days.
INCREASED PAY OF CIVIL EMPLOYES.
The House accordingly resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
22-1) giving additional compensation to certain
einployfis ill the civil service at Washington.
The pending question was upon seconding
the call for the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who called the pre-
vious question, withdraw his call for a moment ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot withdraw the
call. This bill has already been engrossed and
read a third time, and no amendment can now
be made to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to inquire
whether, if the previous question should not
now be seconded upon the passage of the joint
resolution, it would then bo in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to bo engrossed and read a, third time ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in Older.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. And the joint res-
olution would then be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would should the mo-
tion to reconsider prevail.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the call for the previous question; and
upon a division there were—ayes 59, noes 51.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Garfield were appointed.
The House 'again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 59, noes 55.
So the previous question was seconded.
The'main question was then ordered ; which
was upon the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
Mr. STEVENS. By a law of the last ses-
sion the pay of female employes was in-
creased. I would inquire of the gentleman if
by this joint resolution the female clerks will
receive this increased compensation at the
: rate of twenty per cent ?
| Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose it was intended
i to include them when the committee drafted
j the bill; but if, as the gentleman says, their
pay has been increased within the present fiscal
year, that is since June 30, 1866, my opinion
is that they will receive twenty per cent., minus
that additional compensation.
Mr. STEVENS. No: it will not give them
anything, because the $900 is a larger increase
than twenty per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I fear they would
not receive anything under the resolution as it
now stands. But everybody knows that if the
bill needs amendment in this respect or any
other it can be made in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Garfield there were—
ayes 60. noes 53.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Van Horn,
of New York, and Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-five: noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill bo
laid on the table.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Onthat motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that he
had better -withdraw his motion, and let the
vote be taken at once on the passage of the
resolution. It will amount to the same thing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the passage of the joint resolution, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ROLLINS. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution, as now amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
That there shall be allowed and paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the following-described persons employed in the
civil service at Washington, namely: to clerks, mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers, and all the civil
employes whose pay or salaries do notcxeeed the sum
of $3,o00 each, as fixed by law prior to June 30, ISol,
and including temporary clerks and female clerks
and employes in the Department of State, and in
the Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, Post Office, and
Agricultural Departments, in the office of tbo At-
torney General, Coast Survey, Naval Obscrvatop-',
navy-yard, Paymastef General, including the divis-
ion of referred claims, office of Commissary General
of Prisoners. Bureau of Refugees, Hreedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, in the office at the Capitol exten-
sion, city post office, enlisted men of the Army, Navy,
Marine corps, or general service of the United States
serving as clerks, messengers, watchmen, or laborers
in any bureau of the War Department, lamplighters
under Commissioner of Public Braidings, and detect-
ives of the Metropolitan police, an additional* com-
pensation of twenty per cent, on their respective sal-
aries or pay for one year from and after the 3Sth day
of June, 1866: Pratndcd, Thatthe above-named addi-
tional compensation to the employes of the Patent
Office bo paid out of the funds of said office, and that
where the salary or pay of any person entitled to re-
ceive additional compensation under this resolution
hag been increased by law since the date of June 30,
1864, aforesaid, except those clerks Sn the office of the
Quartermaster Sen eral whose pay was with
that of first-class clerks by act of July, 1866, or where
such person may have received during the current
fiscal year additional compensation through the action
of any head of any Department from funds placed by
law in his hands for distribution, such person shall
be entitled to receive only so much as will make
the whole sum received as additional compensation
equal to twenty per cent, on his salary or pay as
aforesaid; Provided farther, That such additional
compensation shall be held to apply to all female
clerks or cmploy6s in any bureau or division in the
Treasury Department whose compensation does not
exceed sixty dollars per month: And provided further,
That this resolution shall apply only to such persons
as may be in service at the time of the passage of
this resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 46, not vot-
ing 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, James M.
Ashley. Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boyer,Broomall,Bttcklandt Bundj%Header W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cooper, Davis, Dawes, Dawson.
Defrees, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Ecklcy. Ferry, Finek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gris-
wold, Henderson, Hill, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell. Humphrey, Hunter, lugersoll,
Johnson, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Keteham, Koontz,
Latham, George Y. Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwieb,
Loan, Marshall, Marston, Marvin. Melndoe. Me-
liner, Mereur, Moorbead, Morrill, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, O'Neill, Paine, Perham.Plants, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Stilwetl, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Tavlor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Burt van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Amell, Baker,
Baldwin, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bromwell, Campbell,
Cook, Deming, Driggs. Farnsworth, Grinnell, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
James R. Hubbell, Julian, Kuykendall.Wiiliam Law-
rence, Maynard, McKee, Moulton, Orth, Pike, Price,
Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Shanklin, Stevens. Stokes,
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, and James
F. Wilson—&3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Barker. Beauian, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler, Conk-
ling, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dumorit, Eggleston,
Eldridge, EHot, Farquhar, Goodyear, Harris, Hayes,
Higby, Ilogan, Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Jenckcs, Jones, Kelley, Lafiin, Longvear,
Lynch, McClurg, MeCullough, Miller, Morris,Myers,
Newell, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeloy, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau, Sloan, Starr, Strouse,
John L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,
Whaley, Williams, Winfield, and Wrigkt—52.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. DEMING. My colleague, Mr. Bp.an-
degee, is absent by leave of the House on busi-
ness of the Committee on Naval Affairs._ If
he were present he would vote for the joint
resolution.
Mr. O'NEIL. My colleague, Mr. Myebs, is
absent by leave on business of a select com-
mittee. If here he would vote in favor of this
joint, resolution.
Mr. RADFORD. My colleague, Mr. Win-
fieiu, is absent on account of sickness. If he
were present he would vote for the passage of
this ioint resolution,
Mr. DRIGG8. My colleague, Mr._ Long-
tea it. is detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anna r. sheet.
On motion by Mr. PERIIAM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition and
papers of Anna R. Sheet with a view to .their
reference to the Pension Bureau;
lkgif*lat£Vi',, 11'fC., ai'PKOPWATION bill.
Mr. KASSON. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
