THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*1:89
this bill." There is no - reason on earth why a
man owing simply. 1300 should be discharged
from this little debt when he may owe that to
a man worth much less than himself; for un-
der this bill a man may be worth thousands of
dollars and yet be discharged from his debts.
I remember the operations of the bankrupt
lawpassed in 1841. I remember that the odium
that attached to that measure mainly arose from
the little suits/from the men who owed com-
paratively nothing, who were indebted in the
sum of a few dollars or a few hundred dollars,
going in and taking advantage of that measure,
and thus creating litigation, thus making the
thing infinitely odious. A man thatowes only
$300 is not a man who is worth much to the
community, whose energy should be relieved,
as we .are told, by this measure. As I said
before, he may be indebted to men worth much
less in property than himself.
But, sir, the main reason why I voted against
the bill before, and shall do so now, is uiat I
believe the people whom I represent are over-
whelmingly opposed to it. I have received but
one single letter from my State in favor of this
bill, and that was from a lawyer who said to
me that the law business in his community was
very dull, and he hoped the bankrupt bill might
pass, so as to give more business to the legal
profession. [Laughter.] That is the only letter
that I have received in favor of the passage of
this bill from any man in my State, whereas I
have received hundreds from men who are op-
posed to it upon general principles.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, what is
the question immediately before the Senate?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the Chair.) On the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed. When
any other question is before the Senate that
involves the condition of the South I may take
occasion, and probably will, to answer what T
consider as the unfounded charges upon the
condition of the people of that section; but at
this time, in my opinion, it is entirely out of
place.
Mr. DIXON. I made no charge against the
Senator. I stated the fact that he read these
letters to the Senate. I did not object to it.
I said that was the testimony which wo were
called to consider. I do not want the names
of the writers. I do not desire them to be
published.
Butthe Senator makes a direct charge against
me. He says I have attempted to gloss over
or whitewash, to use a favorite term of his,
the existing state of things at the South.
What does the Senator charge? What is the
statement which has been made on this floor
frequently during this session, first, by the other
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
early in the session, then by his colleague, then
again by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] and repeated here to-day? Why it
is, to use the expressive language of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] himself,
that the whole South is one mass of corrup-
tion ; that it is like a whited sepulchre; and
the other Senator from Massachusetts in his
graphic description would have us believe that
the midnight skies were lurid with the flames
of burning school-houses in a country where
we have been told for years there were no
school-houses. No doubt, sir, there may have
been school-houses burned. I do not think
there have been many; nor do I think they
have been burned by any class of people who
can be called the respectable people of the
South—for there are some respectable people
there. There are wandering vagabonds and
worthless bad men at the South as well as
with us in the North, and they no doubt com-
mit crime. I never have denied it; I have never
attempted to conceal it; and I believe it to-
day. But when it is said that the whole south-
ern country is filled with men of this kind;
when it is said that northern people cannot go
there with safety; when it is said that Union
men cannot express their sentiments there with
safely; when if is said that the whole race of
colored people are treated with cruelty and
oppression at the South, then I take the liberty
to say that I do not believe the assertion, that
the testimony does not pro\e it. The Sena-
tor reminded me in what lie said of the testi-
mony of General Grant one year ago on this
subject. Here it is before me. What did he
say of the condition of the South? He had
traveled there; he went there for the very pur-
pose of giving his information. Did General
Grant say that such a condition of things
existed one'year ago in the southern country?
Mr. WILSON. What does ho say now?
Mr. DIXON. The Senator asks what does
he say now? I ask what does he say now in
his published reports?
Mr. SUMNER. What does Sheridan say?
Mr. DIXON. What does he say? If Gen-
eral Sheridan will tell us that the whole South
is as stated I shall at once admit his testi-
mony. General Sheridan has told us no/ such
thing. No officer has said so. Instances of
oppression and cruelty have been pointed out,
and no doubt instances exist; and instead of
"whitewashing" I deeply regret it. I trust I
have a heart to feel as well as other men. I
trust I do not desire to see the colored people
of tho South abused, nor do I desire to see the
white people of the South abused. I have some
feeling for the colored people there and I have
also some feeling for the white people.
But, sir, I desire truth. Between us let there
be truth on this subject. Let the truth come
out, and when it does it come out 1 am ready
to submit to it. But I am not willing to sit
here day after day and hear those general de-
nunciations against t-hc southern country which
I believe to bo false; nor am 1 willing to be
accused of "whitewashing" because I say tho
testimony is not sufficient. Sir, it is not enough
for the Senator from Massachusetts to tell us
that instances of abuse prevail. That is not
the charge. A single letter from Georgia does
not prove it.
But the Senator says that the fact that the
individual in the case mentioned was only sen-
tenced to five years in the penitentiary proves
his charge. I cannot go into the facts of that
case; I do not know whatthcy are. The Sen-
ator showed that there had been a conviction
and punishment. Whether that punishment
was sufficient or not does not appear. I know
that in the State of Massachusetts it has been
very difficult to bring men convicted of the
most heinous crimes to capital punishment.
One Governor went out of office before it could
be done, and another distinguished man de-
nounced the execution of the sentence as
almost a judicial murder. We know very well
that different ideas prevail with regard to
punishment. They n-,ay prevail at the South.
What I wish to say is this, and this is all, that
1 believe these statements by which the north-
ern mind is abused are grossly exaggerated,
and they ought not to go forth without a denial.
Mr. WILSON. I am anxious to take the
vote on this bill, and I do not propose now to
take up much time; but the Senator from Con-
necticut, in replying to the remarks of my
colleague, has seen fit to comment on some
remarks of mine made on another occasion.
I believe the Senator from Connecticut has a
heart-as well as other men; but I say to him
hat I have not stated one fifth part of the out-
rages perpetrated upon loyal men and upon
freedmen in the rebel States since the sur-
render of General Lee; and the evidence of
officers of this Government and of other persons
entitled to credit of tho murders that have been
perpetrated there make the number larger than
the number of our Army killed on tho, field of
Antietam.
The Senator speaks of bringing in letters
here; I have brought none; but there was a
day when 1 did bring letters into this body con-
cerning the outrages perpetrated upon citizens
in Kansas. There sits a gentleman on this
floor to-day representing that State, from whom
we received letters, and we dared not give his
name to the Senate. There are other men
known throughout the country who gave us the
facts of the outrages perpetrated in that youug
Territory in 1856, and we dyed not jjfrve their
names, because it would have periled their
lives. To-day, sir, officers of this'Government
in the Army, judges and district''attorneys',
whose names are known in th'6 country, are
writing letters to this Capitol marked "e'orifl-
dential," because it would subject theta to in-
sult and outrage to have it known that they
dared write the truth.
Sir, it is time to j>ut an end to this sneering
at tho use of letters in regard to these outrages.
The letter read this-morning will be a passport
for tho writer in every rebel camp in Texas.
It will not be his death-warrant; it will subject
him to no insult; but eVery ruffian in Texas
will read it with delight, and thank the Senator
from Wisconsin for reading it to the Senate.
Now, sir, I have as much confidence in our
generals as I have in the Senator's letter-writer.
I remember that the gallant Terry'was sent
away, with his consent I admit, from Virginia,
and General Schofield, supposed to be a con-
servative general, sent down there. Senators
know what General Schofield thinks now in re-
gard to the state of affairs in that State. Gen-
eral Sickles' testimony sustains every thing that
has been said on the floor of either House as
to the condition of affairs in his department.
General Robinson and General Scott—Gen-
eral Robinson was in South Carolina; General
Scott 
Mr. DIXON. Where is his testimony? Has
it been published?
Mr. WILSON. There is only one opinion
among our officers in Virginia, tho Carolinas,
and Georgia. General Ord, a native of Mary-
land, supposed to bo one of the conservative
generals, reports murders and outrages in Ar-
kansas. He states that there is no justice. He
is a Radical to-day, I suppose, because he be-
lieves and says that outrages are perpetrated
in Virginia, and they are done with impunity.
The other day Dr. AValson shot down a black
man who ran away from him when he under-
took to flog him. Ho called upon him to stop
and the man would not do it, and lie shot him
down, and he died. Dr. Watson was taken up
but lot out at once. General Schofield arrested
him. He was brought to trial, and the Pres-
ident, by an order, let him go.
How is itwith General Sickles? Is hi&word
not to be trusted ? He arrested (loggings in
his department. His orders have been over-
ruled; and murders are perpetrated and no-
body arrested for them. How is it with Gen-
eral Thomas? How with Sheridan? He says
it is impossible to get murderers of Union men
convicted. I say that all our generals in that
part of the country bear this testimony. The
number of murders there count by the hundred,
and according to the evidence received by the
Government but three men have been arrested
and convicted for all these mtirders. I will do
the Governor of South Carolina the honor to say
that he has striven in South Carolina to arrest
these outrages; that he brought to trial, through
great effort, and brought to conviction, a man
for committing these murders; that the sheriff
let him out; that he ran away to Florida; that
Governor Orr calledfor his surrender, and when
he was taken he shot the sheriff and escaped
again.
There have been three attempts to punish
those hundreds of murders that have been
committed. If the eye of the Christian and
civilized world could look in upon us they
would see more insults, more floggings, more
outrages, more mannings, more murders upon
innocent and defenseless men, women, and
children than has marked any Christian nation
of the world during the last thirty years; and
they would be horrified at it,
I do not undertake to reproach gentlemen ;
but I say the time has gone by in this country
when any man on this floor or in the other
House should apologize for these outrages or
defend them or attempt to explain them. There
are portions of the rebel States that are im-
proving. I think there is great improvement
in Mississippi, in Alabama, in Florida, and in
some other portions of the country; and I
