1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
gation of their debts, to take the benefit of the
bill, and leave honest men who feel their obli-
gations to law and conscience and morality
to stagger on through life, having been impov-
erished by the frauds of adventurers and fraud-
ulent debtors. This I believe.
Now, sir, what has been the history of legis-
lation on this subject? From 1789 down to
1800 the Congress of the United States never
assumed to carry out this grant of power in
the Constitution. It remained in abeyance
from 1789 till 1800. Then, for the first time
in the history of the world, as I believe, abank-
rupt law was passed embracing the voluntary
feature, the right of a debtor to release him-
self from his debts without paying, not fifty
cents on the dollar, but one hundred cents
on every dollar that he owes. That is the way
to pay debts. That is the way we understand
it. in Indiana. When a man owes a debt he
discharges it, not by paying fifty cents on the
dollar, but by paying one hundred cents on the
dollar, and then he can look his fellows in the
face as an honest man.
But the act of 1800 was passed. It was in
operation for some two or three years, and
under a perfect storm of indignation—such
was the public sense of honesty and justice and
integrity—the law was repealed, and we heard
no more of a bankrupt law until 1841. Thirty-
nine years elapsed between the repeal of the
bankrupt law of 1800 and the passage of the
law of 1841. Then another law was passed,
embracing all these odious features, for which
I voted under instructions, some nine thou-
sand of my constituents petitioning for it, and
no one remonstratiug against it; but when I
gave the vote I said expressly that I gave that
vote not of myself, but on behalf of my con-
stituents. I have regretted the vote ever since,
and I have been explaining it ever since. If
I were to vote for this bill I should never live
long enough to explain my vote. There has
been no single man from the whole State of
Indiana, during the last or the present session,
who has asked me to give any such vote. No
single paper in my State, of any shade of
political opinion, so far as I know, has_ ever
recommended the passage of any such bill.
Therefore, I shall vote with great heartiness
against thp passage of this bill. _ It may pass
as other bills have passed; but without assum-
ing the character of a prophet, let me say—
and I speak from experiences of the past—that
if you pass this bill it will not be upon your
statute-book twelve months until it will be re-
pealed under a storm of indignation which no
public servant will dare to resist. It is in vio-
lation of the principles of common morality,
as I conceive, which govern my action. Gen-
tlemen equally conscientious will vote against
me ; but with my convictions 1 can never sanc-
tion any such bill.
Now" Mr. President, I shall not go into the
present condition of society in the lately rebel-
lious States, believing that that matter does
not properly appertain to the discussion and
investigation of this subject; yet I do draw one
reason from the present condition of the south-
ern States inducing me to vote against this
bankrupt bill. There was a very large indebt-
edness in all these southern States to the loyal
northern States at the beginning of the rebel-
lion. Every single dollar of that debt was con-
fiscated by the action of the rebel States and
the confederate Congress; and now they ask
me and ask you to affirm that confiscation and
repudiation, and say that the northern creditor
shall have no process by which he shall collect
his debts. That results from the nature of our
legislation and from the provision of the Con-
stitution; for when you pass this bankrupt law
it must be uniform in its operation over all the
States, loyal and disloyal. For five years we
have been engaged in a war with rebellion; the
northern creditor had no process by which he
could enforce his debts against the southern
people; it was all in abeyance; the authority
of the constitutional courts was overthrown ;
for five years war rendered it impossible to col-
\ect those debts; and now you propose, by a
solemn act of Congress, to say that hereafter
and forever these debts shall be confiscated,
repudiated, and wiped out.
Mr, -SAULSBURY. I know of no member
of the Senate of the United States for whom I
have a more profound respect than I have for
the honorable Senator from Indiana. I know
of no member of the Senate who would answer
more frankly an interrogatory propounded hon-
estly to him than the Senator from Indiana.
Sir, I have been here for eight years, and I
have heard these terms "rebellion'' and "rebel-
lious States" and "disloyal man" frequently
used here. I want to ask my friend now what
is meant by a "rebellious State" and a "dis-
loyal man?" His ideas on those questions and
mine differ. I hold that there has never been a
rebellious State, and that the man who obeyed
the lawful commands of his State was not a
disloyal man. I should like to hear from the
distinguished Senator from Indiana some ex-
planation of the error under which I labor.
Mr. LANE. It would give me great pleasure
to answer the distinguished Senator from Del-
aware if I thought it at all pertinent to this
investigation. I will simply say now that any
man who went into armed rebellion to over-
throw the authority of the United States is a
rebel, and that any State passing an ordinance
of secession is a rebellious State. I hold that
their first allegiance always, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, is to the United
States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will rfiy friend allow
me to ask him one further question?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Suppose that the State
of Delaware, by whoso action I owe obedience
to this Government, enters into a compact of
union with other States, transferring obedience
on my part from the Federal Government,
withdraws it upon political questions and ques-
tions upon which the United States courts have
jurisdiction; who decides, the Federal Gov-
ernment or the State?
Mr. LANE. In answer to that question I
shall simply say that if the State of Delaware
should do any such thing she would, in my
opinion, do a very foolish thing, and would be
brought to sec it just as the States lately in
rebellion have been brought to see their error.
But I do not choose to go into that controversy.
As to this whole question of the present con-
dition of'the southern States, I think so far as
this discussion is concerned it has no further
relevancy than simply to look to their condi-
tion as a bar or prevention to the collection of
northern debts. When the subject of recon-
struction shall come up I shall be, I hope, pre-
pared at least to give a conscientious if not an
intelligent vote. I think we shall soon have to
establish there provisional governments sup-
ported by the military power of the Govern-
ment strong enough to protect loyal citizens,
white and black, or we shall have to establish
military governments over the lately insurgent
States to effect precisely the same object.
But I rose simply to enter my protest against
the passagfe of this bill, and not to be drawn
into a general discussion about the condition
of the South. God knows I have no feeling
of enmity, no feeling of vengeance, toward
the South. I would that the rebel people of
the rebel States were a hundred times more
loyal than I fear they are.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say a word in
reply to some suggestions of the Senator from
Indiana. I should like to inquire of that Sen-
ator if Indiana has not an insolvent law on her
statute-book ? t
Mr. LANE. I will answer that question with
great pleasure. Indiana has insolvent laws
under which every honest debtor who is not
tainted with fraud may be released from his
debts at any hour.
Mr. STEWART. So I supposed. The argu-
ment that the people of Indiana want to pay
dollar for dollar is answered by the insolvent
laws on her statute-book. Her insolvent laws
guard no more strictly against fraud than does
this bill. I believe nearly every State has its
insolvent laws. The inconvenience of these
State insolvent laws was the argument used in
the debates in the Convention that framed the
Constitution in favor of a general law, and at
this particular time it is very pertinent. The
South has its insolvent laws which allow a
debtor to be discharged, and under their pecu-
liar system there is no chance of an equal or
fair distribution of the assets. This biu is for
the benefit of the northern creditors as much
as for any other class. The State insolvent
laws enable the debtor to escape with as much
and generally with greater facility than this
bill, and under them you go into the State
courts instead of into the United States courts.
This bill enables a northern creditor or a cred-
itor anywhere in another State to force the
debtor into the United States courts and obtain
a distribution of his assets. This argument,
therefore, that the people of the States desire
to pay their debts and to adopt that policy is
not true in the sense in which it is used. There
is no State that does not in some form relieve
the debtors by insolvent laws. It is the policy
of the people of Indiana, when an enterprising,
honest man lias been unfortunate and he is
pursued by relentless creditors, to allow him
to surrender up all he has and start again in
the world. This is the policy of Indiana. That
is the policy of this bill.
It is not true that it is the policy of the Uni-
ted States to make every man under all cir-
cumstances pay his debts. That was the theory
at one time under the English Government,
and they carried that theory so far that they
allowed creditors to take the person of the
debtor and confine him in jail and let his fam-
ily suffer, perhaps starve. The creditors were
all-powerful, and tlicy treated the debtors aa
criminals. But, sir, all that has been changcd.
The only question here is whether we shall,
under the provision of the Constitution, have
a uniform system of bankruptcy, ao that citi-
zens of one State may have the same chance
to a fair distribution of the assets of'the debtor
as the citizens of another State. The only
question is whether we shall, under the pro-
vision of the Constitution, make that policy,
which is acknowledged by every State and by
all the people of the United States to bo right
and just, uniform; make it apply uniformly.
There is no doubt about the propriety of the
bill so far as that is concerned.
The Senator further says that ive must look
to the English bankrupt law in determining
questions of uniformity. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate particularly to that as
applicable to this question of allowing the
States to retain their homestead laws. The
English bankrupt system allowed in each case
the judge before whom the proceedings were
tried to set apart for the support of the family
of the bankrupt so much as was suitable to the
condition of the bankrupt, so much as was
reasonable owing to his position in society,
that would correspond with his condition ; in
one case'£5, in another case £100, and per-
haps in another case £1,000, and so on gradu-
ating it. Does anybody question that that was
a uniform system of bankruptcy? We were
referred to that one example for an interpreta-
tion of the provision of the Constitution.
That is the English law to-day. Is not that
entirely analogous to allowing the States to set
apart beforehand a homestead for the family ?
Does that interfere with the uniformity of the
system any more than it did to allow an arbi-
trary amount to be set apart for the debtor
corresponding to his condition and circum-
stances in life ? Certainly not.
Then we maintain that there is nothing in
this bill which violates that principle of uni-
formity. There is certainly nothing in the bill
that allows a dishonest debtor to avoid the pay
ment of his debts. There is nothing in the bill
which is not in precise harmony with the legis-
lation of all the States of the Union, for they
all have insolvent laws, and all_ recognize the
necessity of relieving enterprising men from
debts which will otherwise incumber them for
life and make their families paupers. All the
