186fc
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
report at this time, I feel compelled to do so,
and move to proceed to the consideration of
the bill which was under consideration at the
expiration of the morning hour yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the consideration of this reso-
lution, it lies over under the rule. Reports
are still in order.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (II. R. No. 274)
for the relief of Charles M. Wilder, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 282) for the relief of James J. Hud-
nall, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1168) for the
relief of Mrs. Elizabeth P. Chipman, widow of
Major Charles Chipman, deceased, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1095) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay a
certain draft to W. W. Potter, late acting mil-
itary agent of the State of New York, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
memorial of Charles H. Bell, reported a bill '
(S. No. 631) granting a pension to Caroline I
Swartwout; which was read and passed to a !
second reading. i
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 825) for the relief of Henry Rudd, of Henry
county, Iowa, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSE1, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. II. No. 1182) to establish certain
post roads, reported it wilh amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1184) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, reported
it with amendments.
proposed recess.
Mr. WILSON. I move that when the Senate
take a recess to-day it be until seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Mention the hour.
Mr. WILSON. I will say half past four or
five o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Half past four if we are
to meet at seven.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the recess be
from five o'clock to seven. I desire to have a
short time this evening for the consideration
of some bills reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Several Senators. Say from five until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will agree to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess from five o'clock
in the afternoon until seven and a half o'clock
in the evening, and then consider subjects re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have some little bills
from the Indian Committee, and I have in vain
attempted to get the floor for the last two weeks,
but it is an utter impossibility for me to do so,
and I hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
accept an amendment to his motion so as to
allow bills from the Indian Committee to be
considered also.
Mr. WILSON. I will divide the time with
you.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope no special order
or order of business will be fixed for this even-
ing. There are two bills from the Committee
on Finance that must be passed to-day in order
to clear the docket for the tax bill. If Sena-
tors will not make speeches upon them, but
will take the bills as reported, we shall get
through with them very easily. One is the
bill in regard to the compound-interest notes,
and the other is the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill; the latter especially, being bulky,
must be got out of the way in order to be en-
rolled in time before the adjournment. I there-
fore shall object to any special order until
those bills are first disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator to
allow this order to be made, and then, if the
bills to which he refers are not disposed of by
this evening, I will yield to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. With that understanding
I am perfectly willing to agree to the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that at five o'clock to-day the Senate take a
recess until seven and a half o'clock, and then
proceed to the consideration of bills reported
from the Military Committee.
The motion was agreed to.
indian claims in utah.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 489.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no further reports, the introduction of bills
is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on the motion
that I made a few moments ago, to proceed to
the consideration of the bill that was under
consideration during the morning hour yester-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] had in-
terposed a motion before the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. POMEROY. And I also had inter-
posed a motion before the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognizes the Senator from Missouri as hav-
ing made the earliest motion in the recollec-
tion of the Chair. It is not, of course, a mat-
ter of right for any Senator to insist upon that.
Any Senator who gets the floor is entitled of
course to have his motion heard ; but it has
been the practice of the Chair, deeming it fairer
to all concerned, to recognize the one who first
makes a motion, although other business is
interposed afterward. The Chair thinks the
Senator from Missouri the first in order of time,
and he now moves to proceed to the consider-
ation of House joint resolution No. 92.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 92)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
certain claims out of the balance of an appro-
priation for the payment of necessary expend-
itures in the service of the United States for
Indian affairs in the Territory of Utah. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to pay
to Henry Standish, Dimick B. Huntington,
Harrison Severe, and Buchanan & Co., the
sums which may be found due them on the
settlement of their accounts with the United
States for Indian affairs in Utah Territory, not
to exceed the sums, respectively, of $193 50,
$174 75, $1,893 66, and $702, which are to be
paid out of any of .the unexpended balance of
the appropriation made by the act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
1860, approved May 24, 1860, for the payment
of the lat" Indian agents in Utah, and an act
to authorize a change of appropriations for the
payment of necessary expenditures in the ser-
vice of the United States for Indian affairs,
approved February 22, 1862.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
private claims.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say that there are
six or eight or perhaps ten bills pending here
reported by the Committee on Claims, a com-
mittee which I believe has not occupied the
attention of the Senate more than an hour
during this session ; and I should like to have
the Senate give us an hour or two to-morrow
evening to dispose of those claims. Perhaps
it is not worth while to interpose a motion, but
I give notice now in the hope that the Senate
will acquiesce in it to morrow evening.
fokt kilev military reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 489.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what has become of my motion. I objected
when thfe Senator from Michigan made a report
to the consideration of the measure reported
by him, and I objected for the purpose of
bringing up the department of education bill.
I certainly did not wish to interpose an objection
to prevent his bringing up his till and then
have other bills considered. I made the ob-
jection to the consideration of the report to-day
for the very purpose of bringing up this bill to
provide for a department of education, and
made a motion to that effect. It places the
bill I have in charge and myself rather in an
unpleasant situation to object to the considera-
tion of the bill offered by the Senator from
Michigan, and then to have others come in.
Mr. POMEROY. I had made a motion to
take up Senate bill No. 489 before the Sen-
ator from Michigan made his report. I yielded
to the Senator from Michigan to make that
report. The Senator from Illinois objected to
the consideration of that report, and then I
renewed the motion which I had previously
made to take up this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from Illinois
as pressing his motion after the objection was
made. The Chair then called for reports of
committees, the introduction of bills, &c., to
which the Chair understood the Senator from
Illinois assented. Otherwise, if the Senator
had pressed the motion, the Chair certainly
would have felt it his duty to put it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not design to press
the motion to interfere with any incidental
matter; but I did design to press it against the
consideration of other bills. I certainly would
not object to a bill being considered reported
by the Senator from Michigau, and then con-
sent to one being considered reported by some-
body else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated then that he recognized the Senator
from Missouri. He stated the fact that the Sen-
ator from Missouri had made the first motion
according to the recollection of the Chair; that
the Senator from Missouri was first, the Sen-
ator from Kansas next, and the Senator from
Illinois next, the Chair remarking that this of
course gave no real right to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to withdraw my
objection to the consideration rf the bill offered
by the Senator from Michigan, because it
places me iu a very awkward position before'
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution reported by
him from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Is there any objection to its present considera-
tion ?
Mr. POMEROY. Of course I shall not
object to that resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) for
the reduction of the military reservation of
Fort Riley, and to grant land for bridge pur-
poses to the State of Kansas. It declares that
the southwestern boundary of the military
reservation of Fort Riley, in the State of Kan-
sas, is to be hereafter the channel of the
Republican river, from its mouth to the point
where the river intersects the present western
line of the reservation, and it proposes to
grant the land released from the reservation,
and lying between the Smoky Hill and Repub-
lican rivers, to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of a bridge over the.Republican
river on the public highway leading through
the present reservation; but upon the express
