1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
States, I believe, recognize the principle in
some form. The only question is, whether we
shall make it convenient and uniform for the
accommodation of the commercial people of
the United, States; whether they shall have
the same privileges all over the United States
that they haye in any one particular State;
whether they shall haye the advantage of the
United Stateseourts in which to have the assets
of a dishonest debtor distributed. That is the
only question to be determined here.
As to the objection that the bill is unconsti-
tutional because of the voluntary clause, that has
been .determined -by the Supreme Court. We
had a bankrupt act'before this; the act of 1841
was a voluntary act; and the Supreme Court
held that it was constitutional. That objec-
tion, therefore, is disposed of.
I do hope, sir, that this bill will pass. I do
not think it involves the question of recon-
struction. When that question comes before
us I shall be prepared to adopt auy necessary
measures that may be before Congress to secure
the life and property of every loyal man. I
will go as far as any other Senator in that
direction. But this bill has nothing to do with
that question. The question now before us
simply is, whether we shall, in conformity to
the requirement of the Constitution, have upon
our statute-book, for the convenience of the
commercial men of the country, a uniform
system of bankruptcy, by which bankrupts
may be driven into the United States courts,
ana their assets fairly distributed; where they
may appear, if they wish to go into voluntary
bankruptcy, in the United States courts; where
the creditors can have an opportunity to ex-
amiue their accounts; or whether they shall
go into the interior courts in the interior of
the country, where nobody will hear of it, and
go through bankruptcy in the fraudulent way
that js complained of, to the prejudice of their
creditors. I repeat, the question is simply
whether we shall have a uniform system in
the proper courts, or whether we shall let
it go on in the way it now goes on, to the det-
riment of commercial men, with tho whole
thing involved in uncertainty: tho South with
her stay-laws, with her laws that prevent the
collection of debts in every possible form,
and with the prejudice in the local courts that
must exist to the fair distribution of assets—a,
prejudice which will prevent a northern cred-
itor from sharing equally with a southern cred-
itor. _ This prejudice must, necessarily exist.
It existed at the time of the formation of tho
Constitution. This local prejudice was recog-
nized by thoso who were in the Convention.
They sought to avoid local prejudices, and for
tho convenience of commercial men, and for
creditors throughout the United States, it was
deemed important that the United States courts
should bo thrown open under a general sys-
tem. _ That is all thero is of this bill, and I
hope it will pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the passage
of the bill, and upon this question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call tho roll.
Mr. ANTHONY (when his name was called)
said: I was paired off on this question with
the Senator Irom Pennsylvania who is absent,
[Mr. Cowan,] who was kind enough to pair
oft with me when I eould not be present.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
calling of the roll, and read the list of yeas
and nays, as follows :
t* ^ Messrs.Chandler, Conn ess, Crewel!, Dixon,
Doolittle, icssendon, Foster, Han-is, Howard, John-
son, JuoDousall, Morgan, Norton, Poland, Pomcroy,
Kv1:v& 1 w s' bt°WMt,Van Winkle, and Wilson-®.
jNAlb—Messrsi. Brown, Buckalow, Cragin. Davis.
I-og.'j, trimcs, Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood,
Lane,Morrill. Nosmith Salisbury,Sprague, Xrum-
^T,llley* Williams, and Yates—19.
4BSliN I-Messrs. Anthony, Cattail, Cowan, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Frehnghuysen, Guthrie, Howe. Nye
Patterson, Riddle, Sherman, and Samaer—13. '
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President—
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. On this
question the yeas are 20 and the nays 10; so
the bill is passed.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from Tennessee
was on the floor before the vote wag announced,
and asked to vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is so.
Mr. LANE. I ask that he may be .permitted
to vote before the result is announced.
Mr. THUMB ULL, He addressed the Chair,
but the Cb&ir did not notice him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee will be allowed to vote.
Mr. PATTERSON. I vote "nay."
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I desire to vote.
I vote "yea."
Mr. CATTELL. I vote "yea."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will restate the vote. On this question the
yeas are 22, and the nays are 20; so the bill
is passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move the Senate pro-
ceed to tho consideration of House bill No.
344, to incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal
Company.
Mr^GRIMES. Thero was a bill taken up
on last Friday and made the special order for
Saturday; but preference was given to the
Committee on the District of Columbia on
that day. It was then made tho special order
for to-day at one o'clock, but was put over for
the_ sake of taking up the bankrupt bill. I
desire the Senate to prooeed to the considera-
tion of that bill. I trust, therefore, that the
Senator from Michigan will withdraw his mo-
tion and allow that bill to be taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think this will
occupy much time. I propose to bring it to a
vote without debate.
Mr. GRIMES. I supposed that the bill to
which I alluded was entitled to precedence.
[ do not know whether that is the rule or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it was postponed by a vote of the
Senate.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope my mo-
tion will bo put to take up House bill No. 314.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think in fairness to
the Senator from Iowa his bill ought to come
up. It was made tho special order for Satur-
day, and then postponed until to-day and made
tho special order for one o'clock, but the Sen-
ate then postponed it on account of the peculiar
circumstances under which the bankrupt bill
stood. I think, therefore, it is no more than
fair that tho Senator should have the floor now
to take up his bill. I am opposed to his bill;
but I cannot think it would be right for tho
Senate to take it out of his hands simply be-
cause it was postponed for the bankrupt bill
on account of that being a question which the
Senate had to pass upon, t hope, therefore,
that tho bill of the Senator from Iowa will be
suffered to resume its course.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood that it was
postponed with the understanding on the part
of tho Senate that it would be taken up next
after the bankrupt bill. I certainly was under
that impression.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was my under-
standing.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Iowa
told tho Senator from Vermont that he had no
objection to his bill being proceeded with, pro-
vided his should not lose its place, and if that
was tho understanding he withdrew all objec-
tion. No Senator said that he did not concur
in that view, and the bankrupt bill was taken
up. U'nder these circumstances I hope my
friend from Michigan will permit the bill in the
charge of the Senator from Iowa to be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to take up the bill (II. R. No. 344) to incor-
porate the Niagara Ship-Canal Company. '
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it in order to move
to amend that motion by substituting another
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask for a division
on tho motion.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At this stage of the ses-
sion it is very manifest I think that if we can-
not get up this bill now there will be very little
prospect of getting it up and acting upon it
during.tho present session, It is a House bill
which passed the House of Representatives at
the last session. It is a very important measure
to the people of the-West, in which they feel
a very deep interest, and I hope that the Senate
will allow ns to consider this bill. There was
an effort made at the last session of Congress,
but we could never get the consideration of
the Senate to it.
Mr. MORGAN. It was postponed by the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was never considered
in the Senate. It was reported by the com-
mittee, and I think the Senator from Michigan,
who has charge of the bill, if I recollect rightly,
made several efforts to get the attention of the
Senate to it and a vote upon it. It is true that
it was laid aside by a vote, just as it will be at
this session by refusing tp take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can take it up
after wo get through with this.
Mr^TRUMBULL. Is there any assurance
that we can take it up after we get through with
the measure of the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have just exactly
tho same chance as anybody else has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just as good a chance.
Now this is in order. The motion made by
the Senator from Michigan is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion is made,
but it is not yet agreed to. I suppose we have
a right to state' the objection to taking it up,
and that is that another bill is fairly entitled
to precedence under the circumstances, having
been assigned for to-day.
Mr. TItUMBULL. If there is anything in
that I hope they will not be antagonized, be-
cause I desire to see a fair vote on the Niagara
ship-canal bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the ground on
which I put it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Maine or other Senators think it is crowding
some other bill out that is fairly entitled to
precedence, I hope the Senator from Michigan
will not press the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is entirely the
ground on which I put it. As I said, I am not
in favor of the bill which tho Senator from
Iowa wishes to take up, and never have been ;
but it having beeu especially assigned for to-
day—I believe it was first brought and as-
signed for Saturday 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It had not been assigned
for to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it was specially
assigned for to-day at one o'clock, but the
bankrupt bill intervened.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senate postponed it
by a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know, but with a
perfect understanding that they were only post-
poning it in order to dispose of the bankrupt
bill, that was pending at the time on a recon-
sideration.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not so understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understood it, and
I think common fairness requires that other
measures should not be antagonized with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I can have an un-
derstanding that this bill shall come up imme-
diately after the action of the Senate upon the
bill that the Senator from Iowa proposes to
bring up I will consent to withdraw my motion.
But I have been trying, as the Senator fro>a
Illinois has stated, for two sessions to get a
vote on this bill and have failed thus far. I
think it is the most important measure now
before the Senate.
The House acted upon it nearly two years
ago. It is a bill in which the Northwest take
a deep interest. It is of equal interest to the
East. It is a national work, a work of neces-
sity. If Senators will, by common consent,
