1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaiy 27,
condition that this grant is to be accepted by
the State of Kansas with a guarantee given by
the State, by an act of the Legislature, that
the bridge shall be kept up and maintained in
good condition, and shall be free to the use of
the Government of the United States for all
transit purposes forever without tolls or charges,
and on such acceptance and guarantee being
filed in the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
together with the certificate of the Governor
of Kansas that a good and permanent bridge
has been constructed over the Republican
river, it is to be the duty of the Secretary to
issue a patent for (he land granted to the State
of Kansas, or to such company as may be au-
thorized by act of the Legislature of the State
to construct the bridge.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much land is granted?
Mr. POMEROY. About two thousand
seres.
Mr. SHERMAN. That land must be of
immense value. I will agree to build all the
bridges in Kansas for that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Government built a
bridge there at great expense, and it remained
a year, when a flood took it off. This being a
military reservation, the State could not build
a bridge there; a corporation could not build
it; but the commander of the fort permitted a
citizen to build a sort of temporary bridge,
which has now also been taken off by a flood.
The State proposes, with this assistance from
the Government, to build a permanent bridge
and keep it forever in repair, and make it free
to the Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I think if this grant is
made for a bridge it should not only be made
free to the Government, but to the people, and
I move to amend the resolution by inserting
after the word " Government," in the sixteenth
line, the words "and people." To make a
grant of land for the construction of a bridge
is a new thing; but if it may guarantee and
establish a great public highway to the people,
then there is perhaps sufficient object in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be in favor of
that amendment myself if this donation was
anything like enough to build the bridge. It
will aid in building the bridge. We give dona-
tions to railroads; but we never give enough
to build the road. If we did, we would make
the road free forever; but notwithstanding the
aid that the Government gives to our rail-
roads and our bridges the companies still
charge for transportation. I suppose, indeed
I know, the people of my State would be in
favor of having this a free bridge. I have no
doubt of it; but to require it to be free upon
a donation of this quantity of land is requiring
too much, I think. It is to be free to the Gov-
ernment, and all officers of the Government,
and all departments of the Government, and
all kinds of transportation of the Government.
The officers of the Government allowed an in-
dividual to put up abridge at this place, which
the flood has taken off, and they were paying
about ten thousand dollars a year toll. This
relinquishes to the Government all tolls. I
think it would embarrass, and perhaps destroy,
the building of the bridge to require it to be
free to everybody for all time to come. No
one would undertake to build the bridge with
this amount of land.
Mr. CONNESS. We have no knowledge of
how much land is given except as the Senator
states, and he only guesses at it.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an exact map
in the hands of the Military Committee.
Mr. CONNESS. We have no knowledge of
its value. It may be a piece of very valuable
land, and I have no doubt that it is from its
having been reserved; and it will be remem-
bered that it is not individuals that are to build
this bridge, but the great State of Kansas. If
the Legislature of Kansas are not sufficiently
interested in behalf of the Commonwealth and
in behalf of public travel and communication
to accept this grant upon this condition, then
they can go- on and build the bridge without
the grant and charge toll for it. It will be in
the shape of an alternative proposition, which
they may or may not accept. I think it is likely
that the people of Kansas will thank the Sena-
tor for accepting the amendment. I do not
know anything that would be more acceptable
to them ; and if the State shall be called upon
to bear a small burden in behalf of the people
it is only performing one of its duties to the
people of that State, and also to the people
who are traveling there.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, House bill No. 1049, which is now
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I was under the impression
that the unfinished business was Senate bill
No. 596.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
shows that that bill was laid aside, and that at
the time of the adjournment House bill No.
1049 was before the Senate as the unfinished
business.
Mr. HOWE. I thought the other bill was
laid aside informally. I believe the recollec-
tion of the Clerk and the Journal will bear me
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Treasury note bill
was the unfinished business.
Mr. HOWE. I only want to take a vote on
the bill to which I have alluded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that this is the unfinished business,
taken up on motion. The bill to which the
Senator from Wisconsin refers was at first laid
aside informally and other bills were taken up
and passed, and then this bill now named was
taken up on motion and was under debate at
the time of the adjournment. According to
the usage of the Senate, the Chair thinks it is
the unfinished business of yesterday and takes
precedence of the special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the Senator
from California to withdraw the motion to
amend and allow the vote to be taken on the
passage of this bridge bill. I do not want to
send it back to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot consent without
a vote of the Senate to allow the note bill to
be laid aside, because it is important to dis-
pose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the unfinished business of yester-
terday, House bill No. 1049, is before the Sen-
ate, and the question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts,
which will be read.
Mr. POLAND. Last evening I moved to
take up the resolution that I offered some days
ago, instructing the Sergeant-at-Arms to have
monuments erected in the Congressional Cem-
etery in memory of Senators who have died
since July 4, 1861, in order to get a vote upon
it, and at the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio I withdrew my motion upon the under-
standing that I was to call it up this morning
and have a vote upon it. I do not desire to
have any debate upon it. I merely wish to
have the resolution taken up and voted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not understand that
it was to be taken up afler the morning hour.
I said to the Senator that I had no doubt he
could call it up during the morning hour.
Mr. POLAND. If you will allow me to
take it up and have a vote upon it, if any
debate arises I will not ask to consume any
time with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is at the pleasure of
the Senate. I certainly shall oppose taking
up anything now but the bill to which I have
referred. I am sorry to be compelled to do so.
Mr. POLAND. I should prefer to hold the
Senator from Ohio to the understanding we
had.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not so understand
it. Does the Senator say that I agreed he
should take it. up fetter the morning hour?
Mr. POLAND. There was nothing said, I
believe, in relation to the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly did not so
understand it. and no one about me so under-
stood it.
Mr. POLAND. I merely ask to have the
resolution taken up and have a vote upon it.
It will take no time to dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the bill which is
properly before the Senate is a bill of mine,
and that the bill of the Senator from Ohio is
not up now. But as the bill on which we ad-
journed last night is the one in order and is
now before us, and as I propose to occupy a
portion of the time this evening, and do not
wish to crowd upon the Senator from Ohio,
who has a large amount of business, I know,
from his committee, I am willing that it shall
go over until the evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the compound-
interest note bill was the bill before the Sen-
ate. If not, I move to postpone all prior
orders with a view to take up House bill No.
1220. I will state to Senators that I desire to
get two public bills out of the way to-day.
They are as much interested as I am; it makes
no more difference to me than to them. It is
important to get the financial bills through as
rapidly as possible. This bill relating to the
compound-interest notes must be passed in
some form, and the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill should*be disposed of to-day. If Sen-
ators will remember the amount of time that
is sometimes consumed uselessly in debate I
have no doubt it will enable them to pass a
great many bills; at least these two ought to
be passed to-day. I therefore move to post-
pone all prior orders and take up House bill
No. 1220, to provide ways and means for the
payment of compound-interest notes.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor if he will consent, when his bill is taken up,
that my resolution be called up to take a vote
upon it ? I ask nothing more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall make no objec-
tion if it can be done by unanimous consent.
That is all I can say. I have no right to con-
trol the business of the Senate, and do not pro-
pose to do so; but I certainly shall make no
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I hope the Senator will
consent now to let his bill lie over for a mo-
ment that I may get a vote on this resolution.
I stated last night the object of offering the
resolution. It was to relieve the Sergeant-at-
Arms from embarrassment. He is constantly
written to by the friends of the several Sena-
tors who died since 1861 to know why monu-
ments have not been provided as has hereto-
fore been the practice, and he desires the
instruction of the Senate whether he shall
erect the monuments, as has been the practice
heretofore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont suggests that the bill now
before the Senate be laid aside informally by
unanimous consent for the purpose of taking
up the resolution indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say to the
Senator that I feel it my duty to oppose his
motion and to object to it. I think if there be
anything in this country that is a monument of
dishonor and disgrace to the nation it is these
monuments to the memory of Congressmen
at the Congressional Cemetery. It is credita-
ble to the country that during the last six
years we have not erected any of those mon-
strosities. I hope, therefore, the resolution
will not be taken up now. and that the erec-
tion of these monuments will be stopped and
stopped forever.
Mr. POLAND. Well, vote it down.
Mr. WILSON. I should not like to let it
go without some debate. I think it is a mat-
ter of that importance that we ought to debate
it. 1 do not think the Senator ought to press
it now, and I feel constrained to object to it.
Mr. POLAND. I am not the advocate of
having any monuments erected; I have not
said a word in favor of the resolution: but I
think the Sergeant-at-Arms is entitled to have
