186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
420
partment, and in other Departments where
equal skill is certainly required, and where
equal compensation should be paid for equally
valuable services. This is an indirect way
of increased salaries for which the law has
made noprovision, leaving the matter in the dis-
cretion of the head of the Department. I move_
to strike out this clause, because in my opinion
no good reason exists for placing this money
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be distributed at his direction, that would
not operate equally in favor of any other De-
partment ; ana, as Congress has not extended
a like liberality in regard to the other Depart-
ments, I insist that it should cease in regard to
this one.*
_ Mr. KASSON. My friend from Indiana en-
tirely mistakes the object of the clause appro-
priating this money. It has no relation what-
ever to the distribution to which he has referred.
The Committee on Appropriations is as much
opposed as he is to a continuance of that sys-
tem, but this does not relate to the clerks in
the Treasury Department. It is for the ser-
vices of clerks employed in the business of the
sub-Treasurers over various parts of the United
States, which the law cannot foresee sufficiently
to make a specific classification of the clerks or'
a specific appropriation for their salaries. We
have consequently adopted in thepast this policy
of placing money for this purpose in the hands
of theheadof the Treasury Department. I shall
heartily cooperate with my friend in opposing
any restoration of that system of distributing
extra pay to which he has alluded; but this
appropriation is necessary to carry on the cur-
rent operations of the Department, and is en-
tirely distinct from the matter to which he has
referred.
Mr. BROMfi'ELL. I would ask the member
from Iowa if this clause does not provide for
additional compensation to officers and clerks,
and if it would not place it in the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow an in-
crease of compensation.
Mr. KASSON. It follows the language of
the acts heretofore passed on the subject, and
it is not intended, nor has it the effect, of in-
creasing salaries at all.
Mr. BROMWELL. What salaries would it
increase, or what salaries does it contemplate?
Mr. KASSON. It is not contemplated to
increase any salaries. The clause adopts the
language of former laws, and carries out the
system which we have followed from year to
year in reference to these officers. I assure
the gentleman that there is no such increase as
he supposes contemplated.
Mr. BROMWELL. It seems to me that this
clause conveys an implied authority to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to allow increased com-
pensation to officers of that Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to my colleague that he move to strike out the
words "at such rates as the Secretary may
deem just and reasonable." so that these sala-
ries shall be paid in accordance with existing
law, withmitjteaving the matter at the discre-
tion of th^weretary.
Mr. KASSON. 1 have no objection to that
if the gentleman will say that these men shall
be paid at the existing rates, or will use some
such phrase as that.
Mr. BROMWELL. I do not see how addi-
tional compensation can be paid at the existing
rates.
Mr. KASSON. I have not the original law
before me, but I will say to my friend from
Illinois that the word "additional" used in
this clause is copied from the existing law.
Some questions in relation to this matter were
put in the House last session; the law was then
referred to, and the explanations made were
deemed satisfactonr by the House,
r. BROMWELL. I will road
Mr.
read the clause,
die that mv ob-
and I think the gentleman will
' jection to it is well taken:
For salaries of additional clerks and additional
compensation of officers and clerks, under aet of Au-
gust 6, 1846, for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, at such rates as ttio Socretary may doem just and
reasonable, $60,000.
It seems to me that the Secretary might draw
from that authority to take the $60,000, or some
gortion of it, and give it to such clerks in his
department as he may deem it just and reason-
able to pay it to.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman is in error
in regard to the application of the words "at
such rates as the Secretary may deem just and
reasonable," if he supposes they are intended
to have the effect he has indicated. The am ount
to be hereby appropriated is to meet the exist-
ing rates of compensation of these officers and
clcrks named in the original law. The limit
we place upon the Secretary of the Treasury is
in regard to the amount of the appropriation.
We have no design to enlarge either the dis-
cretion or the amount. These clerks are
already employed, and this amount is to pay
them.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate upon the
pending amendment is exhausted.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my amendment in
order to enable other gentlemen who may de-
sire to debate an opportunity to offer amend-
ments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend this
clause by striking out the words " and addi-
tional compensation of officers and clerks."
If that amendment shall prevail, I will then
move to further amend the clause by striking
out the words "at such rates as the Secretary
may deem just and reasonable." The clause
would then read as follows:
For salaries of additional clerks, under act of Au-
gust 6, 1846, for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, $60,000.
That leaves the appropriation as it now
stands, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kas-
sox] says it is necessary to fulfill the require-
ments of the existing law. I am opposed to
these additional compensations. I prefer that
the compensation should be fixed by law, and
then we will all know what it is, and what
amount is to be appropriated. As this now
reads it seems to me to give a great deal of
discretion to the Secretary of the Treasury in
this matter.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bexjamix] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will.
Mr. HILL. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] as
well as of the Committee of the Whole, to the
fact that the language used in this clause is
precisely the language of the law which au-
thorized the distribution of the money reported
to this House. The Secretary in his report
makes this statement, quoting from the law :
" For compensation of temporary clerks in the
Treasury Department, and f jr additional compen-
sation to officers and clerks in the same Department."
The language of the clause now under con-
sideration is as follows : m
For salaries [instead of "compensation." as in the
existing law] of additional clerks and additional
compensation of officers and clerks."
That is precisely the language used in the
act under which the $160,000 was appro-
priated, and under which the Secretary has
distributed that money to the heads of the
bureaus.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Except that this sec-
tion limits the appropriation of this money to
the classes specified in the act of August 6,
1846.
Mr. HILL. I have not the act of 1846 now
before me.
Mr. THAYER. This clause does not limit
the discretion of the Secretary iu the distribu-
tion of the money.
Mr. STEVENS. We passed an act last year
appropriating $100,000, and an aet the year be-
fore appropriating $250,000, to be distributed at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which discretion he most shamefully abused.
Mr. HILL. I agree with the gentleman
there.
Mr. STEVENS. He gave the money to those
who did not need it, and kept it from those who
did need it. He asked this year for the same
amount, $160,000, every dollar of which the
Committee on Appropriations struct out, and
no part of it, therefore, is included in this bill.
This $60,000 is for the clerks authorized under
the law of 1816. That law, I think, created
sub-Treasuries and authorized the Secretary of
the Treasury to employ clerks at his own dis-
cretion for that purpose. Those clerks have
been employed, but none of them have their
salaries fixed, except so far as they have been
fixed by the discretion of the Secretary under
the law of 184S. This appropriation is-to ena-
ble the Secretary of the Treasury to pay thesg
clerks as he has paid them heretofore; it does
not allow him any discretion whatever.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire if the act
of 1846 does not classify the clerks and fix, their
pay according to certain classes ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have not the law before
me; but my impression is that that was left to
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] to another thing. This clause
reads "additional compensation .of officers
and clerks," it does not say "clerks" simply.
Mr. STEVENS. We have used the same
language here which we have always used in
appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seemt
to me to be very evident that the effect of this
clause which we are now discussing is to give
additional compensation to the clerks ; and it
allows the Secretary of the Treasury a very wide
discretion in fixing their rates of compensation
as "hemay deem just and reasonable." Now,
I think we better fix the salaries ourselves,
and not leave the matter to the discretion of
anybody. I should like to see the law of 1846
so as to know whether there is vested in the
Secretary of the Treasury any such discretion
to fix the additional salaries of clerks. That
is not the way Congress formerly legislated. It
may have done so in that particular case.
Mr. KASSON. Since 1846 the enlargement
of the operations of the Treasury Department
has rendered it necessary from time to time to
increase the number of clerks, and the provis-
ion foStheir compensation has been continued
from year to year in the form now proposed in
this bill. I will read a portion of the thirteenth
section of the sub-Treasury act, showing how
this matter started in the early days of the
sub-Treasury:
" That said officers respectively,whose duty itjsmade
by this act to receive, keep, and disburse the public
moneys as the fiscal agents of tbe Government, may
be allowed any necessary additional expense for
clerks, fire-proof chests or vaults, &c., or any other
necessary expenses of safe-keeping, transferring, and
disbursing said moneys: all such expenses of every
character to be first expressly authorized by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, whose directions upon all tha
above subjects by way of regulation and otherwise,
so far as authorized by law are to be strictly followed
by all the said officers."
And it was provided that the number of clerks
should not exceed those named at that time,
nor their pay at that time exceed $800 each.
Sinc^ that time the enlargement of the opera-
tions of the Department has rendered neces-
sary a very large increase in the number of
clerks, as everybody knows, and the language
in which the appropriations have been made
has been continued in this way. The limita-
tion imposed by Congress upon the Secretary
is found in the amount appropriated, namely,
$60,000, which is necessary for the payment
of the existing force at the existing rates. This
is the same amount which was appropriated
last year.
I will only add that we cannot, without fur-
ther facts than we now have before us, specify
the number of clerks or the rates at which they
shall be paid, classifying them properly. I
should be very glad to do this if it were possi-
ble; aud I trust that by the time another bill
shall be introduced we may have from the
Secretary of the Treasury a statement of the
number of clerks employed and their respect-
ive compensation, so that we mfty^ impose a
limitation in accordance with the existing con-
dition of %ets. We have not, however, at pres-
ent such a knowledge of the facts as would
