1867;
THE GW-GEESSIOJAL^ &L01E.
say that this bill shall com® up immediately
after action on the other bill, I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. GONNESS. Why, Mr._ President,
whether the Senator withdraws it or not the
Senate will settle it, by a vote. I Hope we
shall come to a vote, and that will settle it.
Mr; GRIMES. That is the best way.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
te PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
tor from Michigan withdraw his motion?
Mr. CHANDLER, No, sir.
The question bwing taken by yeas and' nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandlor, Dixon, Fogg, Foster,
Frelinghnyson, Howard. Pomcroy, Ross, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull. Wade, and Yates—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, (Jon-
ness, Creswell, Davis, Doojittle, tfessenden,.Grimes,
Harris. Henderson, Hendricks,. Johnson, Kirkwood,
Lano, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Willey, "Williams* and
Wilsonr-25. _ .
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragm, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Guthrie, Howe, McDougall, Norton,
Nye, Poland, liamsey, and Riddle—13:
So the motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the 7th instant, a copy
of the correspondence between the Department
of State and the minister of the United States
at Stockholm in relation to his reported trans-
fer from Stockholm to Bogota; wnich, on mo-
tion of Mr. Sumner, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 404) to rcculato the
selection of grand and petit jurors in the Territory
of Utah, and for other purposes, with tho amend-
ments thereto, be recommitted to tlie Committee on
Territories.
JOHN J. SOIIAN.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator from Iowa
calls up his bill I hope I shall be allowed a
moment to call up a pension bill for a blind
sailor. The House have passed a bill placing
him oil the pension-roll, and the Committee
on Pensions have reported it with an amend-
ment simply requiring the pension to be paid
out of the naval pension fund. I hope the
Senate will take up tho bill, concur^ in the
amendment, and pass the bill. It will take
but a moment. It is House bill No. 1053.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. It. No. 1053) granting an
increased pension to John J. Sohan. It dirccts
the Secretary of the Interior to allow and pay
John J. Solian, in consequence of total blind-
ness, resulting from disease contracted in the
line of his duty as a marine in the United
States Navy, a pension at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per month, commencing on the
16fh of August, 18GB, and to continue during
his disability, in lieu of the pension heretofore
allowed to him by the Secretary of the Interior
on the 13th of October, 1806.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to add the words "to
be paid out of the naval pension fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in, ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. It was read a third time,
and passed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senate on Saturday
last authorized a meeting at seven o'clock
to-night for the consideration of business of
the District of Columbia. I am persuaded
that after the late session last night I shall
hardly succeed in getting a quorum of the
Senate to-night. I move, therefore, that to-
morrow night, at seven o'clock, be assigned for
the consideration of the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia instead of to-night.
Mr. WILSON. The Military Committee
want to-morrow.; we have some twenty bills'
to act on.
The motion of Mr. Mobbilx. was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider, the rote by which the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of cer-
tain officers,of volunteers was yesterday post-
poned indefinitely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 452.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 452) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to accept League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes.
It authorizes the Secretary of' the Navy to
receive and accept from thecity authorities of
the city of Philadelphia the title to League
Island, in the Delaware river, and adjacent
marsh land, including the whole of the creek
known as the Back Channel, from the Schuyl-
kill to the Delaware river, and all the riparian
rights and privileges of League Island, adja-
cent marsh, and Back Channel, together with
so much of the opposite shore of tho Back
Channel from the League Island shore as shall,
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, be
ample to enable tho Government to have the
sole and exclusive use of the Back Channel
and both shores; theisland and,appurtenances
to be held for naval purposes by tlie Govern-
ment of the United States; but League Island,
the marsh adjacent, and the Back Channel,
with its shores, is not to be received or
accepted until the title to the whole of the
same, as herein described, is complete and
indefeasible, nor unless the acceptance thereof
shall be recommended by a board of officers to
be appointed by the President.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the debate begins
on the bill, if it is in order, I should like to
move an amendment to strike out all after tho
enacting"clause and insert as a substitute:
That Admiral David G. Farragrnt,Lieutenant Gen-
eral W. T. Sherman, and Mr. J. IS. Uilssnrd bo, and
they are hereby, appointed and constituted a commis-
sion to select a suitable site on or adjacent to the
Atlantic coast for a naval station for tho storage and
repair of iron vessels and iron-clad vessels of the
Navy, and for other naval purposes. And tho Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby authorized and empowered
to accept such selected site on behalf of the United
States* Provided, The name shall bo conveyed to tho
United States as a free gift, for their exclusive use
and benefit, by a valid and indofeasiblo title. And
the Secretary of the Navy is hereby further author-
ized to take possession of and occupy such sito ;or
the purposes herein indicated; and in preparation
thereof to use such amount of money as may bo neces-
sary out of any unexpended appropriations for the
Navy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, under
the instruction of tho Committee on Naval
Affairs it bccame my duty to report this bill
back to the Senate with a recommendation in
its favor, and I shall now, in its explanation,
ask the attention of the Senate but* short time.
In my investigation of this subject 1 have not
considered the question which is suggested by
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I do not consider this to be a question
whether tlie United States will establish and
build up an additional navy-yard; and I believe
in that view the committee agreed with my-
self. It is not a question whether a new yard
shall bo established, but simply whether the
navy-yard at Philadelphia shall be removed to
what is supposed to be a more desirable loca-
tion ; and I think the only question that the
Senate is called upon now to decide is whether
that removal shall take place. I think we have
no sufficient reason for tho establishment of
an additional navy-yard. , . , ,
That Senators may understand just how the
navy-yards of the country are located, I will
state that there is now a navy-yard in Maine
of one hundred and sixty-four and seven
eighths acres; one at Charlestown, Massachu-
setts) of eighty-five and one fourth acres; cne
at Brooklyn? New York, of. One Jiandred and
ninty-three and one tenth acres ; ope at Phila-
delphia of twenty acres; the Washington yard,
forty-one and seven eighths aeres; Norfolk, to
some ex-tent destroyed, one hundred and; nine-
teen acres; Brunswick, no expenditure yet
made; eleven hundred acres; Pensacola, to a
large extent destroyed, eighty-three and one
fourth aprea; Mare Island, California, nine'
hundred acres-; Sackett's Harbor, New York,
a very inconsiderable establishment, three and
a ,half acres.
Upon this statement Senators will-observe
that there is but one navy-yard located in the
middle States, that at Philadelphia. _ I think
Senators. will not consider the question'now
whether we shall cease to have a navy-yard in
the Delaware, or anywhere in the middle
States, and, in connection with' that, whether
we shall put an additional yard upon the shores
of New England. lam aware that there has
been a controversy growing outofthe respective
claims of Philadelphia, and New London, in
the State of Connecticut; but I do not choose,
in this conncction, to consider the claims. of
New London, for the simple reason that 1 do
not 'understand the question to be^before the
Senate or Congress whether an additional navy-
yard shall be established in New England. That
part of the country is well provided for in this
respect. I think the lessons of the war teach
us that the military and naval power should be
fairly, equitably, and wisely distributed over
the country. There is scarcely any Senator
who would now say that the only arsenal should
be in New England, or should be in the middle
States, or should be in the southern States.
The possible disaffection of any section teaches
us that it is important to have the military power
scattered over the country; and upon that
policy we have established arsenals at different
points, and Jiave not allowed the country to
rely upon a great arsenal in some one particular
section of the Union. So I think, in regard to
the navy-yards, that the policy is a wise one
that they shall be carefully and wisely dis-
tributed along the coasls which we control.
Perhaps one upon the Pacific coast for the
present is enough. Two or three in New Eng-
land are quite enough for that locality. Nor-
folk and Pensacola will perhaps when rebuilt
be enough for the southern coast. But upon
what propriety is it claimed that a navy-yard,
up to this time so useful, and found so import-
ant as the one on the Delaware, shall be aban-
doned and a new yard built upon the shores of
New England? So, sir, I have declined to,
consider the comparative claims of these two
localities.
Philadelphia now has a yard of twenty acres,
capable of enlargement somewhat, but, ac-
cording to the opinion of naval men, not capa-
ble of enlargement to such an extent as the
necessities of the Government require. The
measure which is now before the Senate has
been recommended from the Navy Department
in every annual communication since 1862.
Early in the war the Secretary of the Navy
became of the opinion that the enlargement ot
the yard at Philadelphia was very important;
but especially that there should be provision
made for the laying up of our iron-clads. I
will call the attention of the Senate very briefly
to one or two extracts from the communica-
tions or reports of the Secretary of the Navy.
In his report of December 1, 1863, the Secre-
tary says:
"The Government is destitute of a suitable estab-
lishment for the construction or repair of iron ves-
sels, their machinery or armature; nor has itany
place for preserving them when laid up in ordinary.
Some proper and suitable accommodations tor ves-
sels of this description are necessary where tuore 13
fresh water, and, as stated in my communications to
tho last Congress, it has appeared to mo that no
place combines so many advantages as or  to  e
found on the Delaware, m the vicinity of 1 aiiuuei-
phia."
In his report of December 0, 1804, the Sec-
refcary of the Navy says :
"The Government has not even at this time an
establishment where a shaft can be made for our
steamers, or a plate for our iron-elaus.
