1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
the direction of the Senate, and not be sub-
jected to the importunities of the friends of
those deceased Senators, who are constantly
calling upon him to know why these monu-
ments are not erected. He merely desires
that the Senate should instruct him whether to
erect them or not. He has no choice about it,
except to be relieved from his embarrassment.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask what the ex-
pense of each monument is.
Mr. POLAND. I know nothing about it.
Mr. SUMNER. A good many hundred
dollars, I suppose?
Mr. POLAND. I have no knowledge with
reference to it. The Sergeant-at-Arms merely
wishes to bo directed by the Senate whether
he shall go forward and erect the monuments
or whether he shall omit it. ]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know if
this subject has been referred to any committee,
and if there has been any report or any esti-
mate as to the amount to be expended*any
information submitted to the Senate as to the
practice that has heretofore existed. I do not
feel quite willing to vote on a subject of this
kind without some knowledge in reference to the
matter contained in the resolution. To simply
authorize the Sergeant-at-Arms to construct
monuments without any limitation as to the
expense or anything of that kind, to follow
the suggestions of the friends of the deceased,
would seem to me to be rather loose legisla-
tion, and it appears to me that the Sergeant-
at-Arms has a sufficient excuse when he
answers to the friends of the deceased that he
has no authority from the Senate to construct
these monuments.
Mr. POLAND. So far as I know the prac-
tice has been for the Sergeant-at-Arms to erect
these monuments, and they are all of a given
fashion, all alike; there is no variety. What
the expense of the erection of these monu-
ments is I have no knowledge. As I learn, the
uniform practice had been for the Sergeant-at-
Arms to erect one of these monuments like
those that had been erected before; but for
some reason this has been delayed since 1861,
and eight or ten members of the Senate have
died since that time, and the Sergeant-at-
Arms does not now feel at liberty to go on
under the former practice without a vote of
the Senate; and he merely asks the Senate to
instruct him whether to erect them or not.
Mr. WILSON. I feel constrained to object
to going on to-day with this matter; and I wish
simply to say in regard to it that I hope the
subject will be taken up at a time when we have
leisure to consider it carefully. I do not think
we ought to occupy the time with it now. If we
have monuments hereafter, let them be monu-
ments of taste, worthy of the country, and not
these things that are dishonorable to the country,
and which everybody who looks upon them
wishes were out of that; and perhaps we might
not only do that, but go back and erect in their
places fitting monuments to members of Con-
gress who have died. But I do hope we shall
never go any further in this direction now. It
is a subject that ought to be considered care-
fully, and therefore I must object to going on
with it now.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand, originally
there was a reason for these monuments. They
were placed over the remains of those who died
at Washington and were buried here. After-
ward, when the habit was established of car-
rying home the remains of our associates who
died here, the monuments were continued.
They were, however, simple cenotaphs. They
did not cover the remains of the dead. That
habit, as I understand, was continued doWn to
1861, when it ceased. Meantime, a large num-
ber of our associates have died ; and the ques-
tion is, whether we shall revive this old habit
of placing a cenotaph in an unvisited burial-
ground. Now, it does seem to me that the
very cessation of the building of these monu-
ments is like a notice or a warning to us that
we had better cease any such appropriation.
If our associates who have been thus called
away and who are not buried in Washington
are to be commemorated in any monumental
way, by any form of monument, I would sug-
gest a tablet, if you please, in the Capitol,
which£puld be seen by everybody who comes
here ; out why place an uncouth cenotaph in
arr unvisited burial-ground, for that is the whole
case—I may add at very considerable cost. It
seems to me that the time has come when we
should in a formal way stop that appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. This debate is out of order.
I call for the reading of the bill before the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The only
question before the Senate is the bill of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. POLAND. There seems to be quite a
difference of opinion in reference to this matter.
I ask to have this resolution referred to the
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, if it be in order, for a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion by unanimous con-
sent. It is moved that the resolution indicated
by the Senator from Vermont be taken up and
referred to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate. No objection being
made, that order will be entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1226) for the relief of Captain William McKean,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that Mr,
Martin Welker, of Ohio, had been appointed
one of the managers at the conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 234) to
incorporate the National Capital Insurance
Company, in place of Mr. Ebon C. Ingehsoli,,
of Illinois, excused from service at said con-
ference.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of Hi-
ram Paulding, rear admiral United States
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1068) for the relief of
Mary A. Cross;
A bill (H. R. No. 1153) for the relief of Mrs.
Rachael McClelland ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of
pension to Sally Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick;
A bill (H. R. No. 1191) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) granting arrears of
pension to Lewis A. Horton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1193) for the relief of
Levisa Daniel;
A bill (H. R. No. 1194) granting back pen-
sion to Mary J. Dexter;
A bill (H. R. No. 1195) for the relief of
Mary B. Fowler;
A bill (H. R. No. 1196) granting a pension
to Peter Fisher;
A bill (H. R. No. 1197) for the relief of
Charles Valence;
A bill (H. R. No. 1198) for the relief of
the orphan children of John Faris;
A bill (H. R. No. 1199) for the relief of
William H. Hafer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1200) for the relief of
Ann I. Duchman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1201) for the relief of
George W. Knabb;
A bill (H. R. No. 1202) for the relief of
Francis Barron ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) for the relief of
Rufus L. Harvey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1204) granting a pension
to John Rogers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) granting a pension
to William Gleason;
A bill (H. R. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Joseph Wrenn;
A bill (II. li. No. 1207) granting a pension
to Charles Maus;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1208) increasing the pen-
sion of John Russell;
A bi^J (H. R. No. 1209) granting back pen-
sion to Margaret Boucher ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1210) increasing the pen-
sion of Levi M. Roberts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension
to Effie J. Harvey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of
Nancy Hinton ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1213) for-the relief of
Elizabeth Staley;
A bill (H. R. No. 1214) for the relief of
Daniel McMahon;
A bill (H. R. No. 1215) for the relief of
Thomas Glasgow;
A bill (H. R. No. 1216) granting a pension
to Mary Hosea;
A bill (H. R. No. 1217) granting a pension
to David B. Champion;
A bill (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
James Riddle;
A bill (H. R. No. 1092) for the relief of
Milton Velzy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1096) for the relief of J.
& O. P. Cobb & Co. ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 165) for the
relief of Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late
Captain George W. Wilson ;
A joint resolntion (H. R. No. 295) for the
relief of Daniel Cole ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) for the
relief of the orphan children of William Whe-
lan;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) for the
relief of Obadiah Aderton ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the
relief of the mother of Charles O. Rowohl.
COMPOUND-INTEREST NOTES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
i proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1220)
to provide ways and means for the payment of
compound-interest notes ; which had been re-
ported by the Committee on Finance with an
amendment, to strike out all of the original
House bill after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to redeem compound-interest
notes with the accrued interest, and to issue therefor
United States legal-tender notes without interest, not
exceeding in amount $100,000,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That for the purpose of redeeming and retiring any
compound-interest notes outstanding, the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
issue temporary loan certificates in the manner pre-
scribed by section four of the act entitled "An act to
authorize the issue of United States notes and for the
redemption or funding thereof, and for funding the
floating debt of the United States," approved Febru-
ary 25,1862, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding
three per cent, per annum, principal and interest
payable in lawful money on demand; and said cer-
tificates of temporary loan may constitute and be
held by any national bank holding or owning the
same as a part of thereserve provided for in sections
thirty-one and thirty-two of the act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1864: Provided, That not less than two fifths of the
entire reserve of such bank shall consist of lawful
money of the United States: And provided further.
That the amount of such temporary certificates at
any time outstanding shall not exceed $100,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the House of Representatives is a
very simple one. It is to increase the volume
of legal-tender notes $100,000,000. I did not
suppose that two years after the war was over,
when we were in a state of profound peace,
when our bonds were worth ten per cent, above
par, any one would propose to increase the
vblume of legal-tender notes. It is not neces-
sary for me to discuss the proposition at any
length, and I shall not long detain the Senate
with the subject. The effect of the passage of
the House bill would be to impair the value of
