4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January .14,
enable us safely to undertake any legislation
of that kind.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mo. Benjamin, there were—ayes 37, noes
24; no quorum voting. . ...
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I trust the
gentleman from. -Iowa, [Mr. Kassojj,] if he
does not wish to-break up the committee for
want of a quorum-, will let this question go
into the House.
Mr. KASSON. If the question can be
passed in any way I am willing that the vote
shall Be'sreserved till the bill comes before the
'House. That will give us an opportunity
meanwhile to obtain the information which
some gentlemen desire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that we pass this paragraph informally, with
the understanding that we may return to its
consideration hereafter.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to that.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir; I insist on a
vote upon it.
No quorum having voted, the Chairman,
under the rule, ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Benjamin and Lb Blond.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lawrence, of
Pennsylvania, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 896,
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1867, had
come to no resolution thereon.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill extending the provisions of the
pension laws; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
And then, on motion of Mr. LB BLOND,
(at fifteen minutes of four o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER; The petition of Steven Heffins:-
ton, and 160 others, loyal citizens of Parker county,
Texas, asking for protection and relief from rebel
rule.
By Mr. BUNDY: The petition of Leo Bbert, John
Burgess, and 15 others, citizens of Lawrence county,
Ohio, asking that the present tax on cigars be changed
♦ a a on aim *n foy
By Ukr. DAVIS; Thepetrtion of It. M. Gere, Robert
Gere, W. H. II. Gere, and 12 others, citizens of Ged-
des, New York, against legislation to reduce the
amount of circulating notes, and against compelling
all national banks to redeem their circulation in the
city of New York.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of William A.
Jackson, and others, citizens of Maple Plain, Henne-
pin county, Minnesota, in favor of an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States to give Congress
the power to control the question of suffrage in the
States of the Union; also, that Congress prohibit any
inequality as to suffrage in the Territories by reason
of race, color, or place of birth.
By Mr. GRIS WOLD: Th e petition of a large num-
ber of wool-growers of Washington county. New
York, for protection against importation of foreign
wools.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition of
citizens of Moline, Illinois, for preservation of the
national currency and against requiring redemption
for national bank notes in New York.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of Chauncey Peck, and others, soldiers of the war of
1812, asking pensions,
By Mr. JULIAN.: The petition of 71 citizens of
Blackford county, Indiana* praying an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, so that no
inequality shall prevail among citizens on account
of birth, mo4, color, previous inequality, or previous
non-residence beyond the preceding year.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of ^citizens of
Schrelltfsbugfir and Bedford, in the county of Bedford,
in the State of Pennsylvania, against the passage of
any act authorizing the curtailment of the national
currency, or compelling national banks to redeem
their circulating notes in New York, or prohibiting
them from paying or receiving interest on bank bal-
ances.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The petition of cit-
izens of Urbana, against a reduction of greenback
currency.
Also, the memorial of BellefontaineTempleNo.22,
of Ohio, for an amendment to the Constitution ren-
dering ineligible to election or appointment to any
office any person habitually addicted to the use of
alcoholic stimulants.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of citizens of
Rosemond, Christian county, Illinois, against any
curtailment of the currency.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of George Fen-
drick, and others, of Vinccnnes, Indiana, praying for
a reduction of taxes on cigars.
Also, the petition of George Caxson, and others, of
Evansville, Indiana, praying for a reduction of taxes
on cigars.
By Mr, ORTH: The petition of numerous citizens
of Indiana and Illinois, on the subject of reconstruc-
tion.
Also, the petition of Captain Thomas W. Fry, of
Indiana, asking for relief.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of Jacob Miller,
and 12 others, cigar manufacturers and dealers and
growers of tobacco in Washington county, Ohio,
asking for such changes in the internal rovenue law
as will prevent frauds, and equalize the burdens upon
the various qualities of tobacco manufacture.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of J. L. Curtis,
Joseph Lepine, George II. Terey, citizens of Morris-
town, New Jersey, manufacturers of cigars, relative
to the present duty on foreign and domestic cigars.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The petition of S. D. Downs,
and 45 others, citizens of Francestown, Hillsborough
county, New Hampshire, for anew post route between
Prancestown and New Boston in said county.
Also, the petition of Joseph B. Walker and Na-
thaniel Bouton. officers of the New Hampshire His-
torical Society, for change in postage laws, so as
to permit postage on pamphlets, papers, documents,
and. books forwarded to such societies and public
libraries to be paid on delivery, and that the postage
thereon be reduced fifty per cent.
Also, a petition of Weymouth Bean, of Upper Gil-
manton.New Hampshire, for pension, he having lost
two sons by the war, one in battle, the other by dis-
ease contracted in the service.
Also, the petition of Charles A. Hackett, and 19
others, citizens of Upper Gilmanton, in aid of the
petition of said Weymouth Bean.
Also, the petition of 110 citizens of Georgia and
other States, praying for an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, so that there shall bo
no inequality among citizens on account of birth,
race, color, previous inequality, or previous non-
residence beyond the preceding year, and for remo-
val by immediate legislation of any such inequality
from the District of Columbia, th e Territories, and the
ten unrestored States, and for taking necessary meas-
ures for peace, order, j ustice, and the security of life,
liberty, and property in the same.
By Mr. SlTGREAYES: The petition from the
Union Republican Central Committee, of the city
of Elizabeth, New Jersey, for a separate port of entry,
and appointment of a collector at that place, <fcc.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of William
Livingston, of the city of Detroit, Michigan, asking
for authority to enroll the steam-tug John S. Noyes,.
a Canadian vessel, in the coasting trade of theUnited
States.
By Mr. WARD, of New York: The petition of nu-
merous citizens of Greenwood, Steuben county, New
York, for the increase of the tariff on wool.
By Mr. WARNER: The petition of B. G.Warner,
and others, manufacturers of cigars, praying for a
change of ad valorem to specific tax on imported
cigars.
Also, the petition of Charles Parker, for release of
manufacturers of -hardware from internal revenue
tax on hardware.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Douglass, and others,
for can buoy and a spar buoy at the mouth of the
Connecticut river.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens
of Illinois, for increased duties upon wool.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 14, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Friday last.
Mr. W ABE. I move that the farther read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with. Nobody
is listening to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be dispensed with by the unanimous consent of
the Senate. No objection being made, the
further reading of the Journal is dispensed
with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 4th of Decem-
ber, information in relation to the amount of
money paid or ordered to bo paid since the
18th day of May last to the several newspapers
printed and published in the District of Colum-
bia for advertising noticcs and proposals for
each of the Executive Departments of the
Government, and the number and character
of the advertisements for which said money
was paid; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying that a duty of thirty cents
per bushel may be imposed on imported flax-
seed; which was ordered to lie on the table,
the subject having been reported upon by the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate ; which was ordered to lie on the
table, the bill having been reported by the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of forty officers
of the United States Army, praying for an
increase of pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Daviess county, Kentucky, praying that Amos
Metcalfe may be compensated for services ren-
dered while in the United States service, and
that he may be remunerated for losses incurred
by him during the late war ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Ohio, remonstrating against the restoration
of any State that rebelled against the United
States Government until security is obtained
against a renewed attempt to secede, against
any payment of the rebel debt, and against
any distinction in its constitution on account
of color or descent; which were referred to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying for such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will pro-
hibit any inequality in the laws of any State on
account of birth, race, or color; which were
referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of
the city council of Burlington, Iowa, praying
that a certain lot of public land within the
corporate limits of that city may be granted to
the city for educational purposes : which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the memorial of the board
of public schools of the city of Burlington,
Iowa, praying that a lot of public land in that
city may be granted to the city for educational
purposes ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
cigar manufacturers of the eighth collection
district of Massachusetts, praying that a spe-
cific tax of five dollars per thousand may be
imposed on all domestic cigars in lieu of the
present tax, and that the presc^ tariff on im-
ported Gigars may remain unchsSRged; that the
cost of internal revenue stamps to cigar man-
ufacturers may be limited to five dollars per
thousand, and that the -penalty for violations
of the internal revenue laws maybe increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Georgia, praying that the Constitution of tho
United States may be so amended as to pro-
hibit any State from making any distinction in
its laws among citizens thereof on account of
race or color; which was referred to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
He also presented eight petitions of citizens
of the United States, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution as will pro-
hibit any distinction being made in the laws
of any State among the citizens thereof on ac-
count of race or color; which were referredio
the joint Committee on Reconstruction. f
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of citizens of Arkansas, in which they earnestly
