1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1195
an argument against it as a location for this
great navy-yard, is an argument in its favor.
Objection has been made to this location
because of the liability of the vessels to be
injured by the ice in the Delaware river. I will
read on that subject:
"The iron monitor steamer Dictator, theNcw Iron-
sides, the Atlanta, and the St. Louis have lain, dur-
ing th'c whole of the last winter, mooted off the ex-
tremity of a singlo wharf projecting from League
Island into the Delaware river, and built twenty-two
years ago; none of these vessels have received any
injury whatever. . .
The ico, in a severe winter, is occasionally incon-
venient at the city of Philadelphia, but it is not so at
League Island, whioh is situated below the city, as
tho current throws it along the New Jersey shore
opposite the island.
The ico of tho Delaware river has nover been urged
as an objection to tho yearly appropriations made for
the Philadelphia navy-yard, nor has it prevented
Philadelphia from becoming the third commercial
city in the Union."
If I can turn to it I will read what Professor
Bach6 says upon this subject of the ice. I read
from the report of Professor Bache and Cap-
tain Marston:
"When icemakesin theDelawareinoxtrcmelyeold
winters it is deposited on the Ilorcseshoo shoal, and,
breaking up, passes in tho direction of the currents
to tho New jersey shore, and thence in a gentle, un-
dulating curve to tho lower end of League Island.
The testimony of pilots shows that the breaking up
of ico is never a serious matter on tho shores of
League Island. It is usually honeycombed and rot-
ten before moving. Tho ice-boat is with raro excep-
tions of extremely cold winters, say once in forty
years, able to keep tho Delawaro opon; in ordinary
winters its use is not required ; and in the coldest on
record in eighteen years it was able to make way
through tho ice on any day of, tho season, one of
these years including tho severest winter on record."
If we provide a fresh-water resting place for
the iron-clads wc have got to meet the difficulty
of icc unless we locate the yard upon the south-
ern coast ; and I suppose that the difficulty
from icc in the Delaware in the neighborhood
of Philadelphia is perhaps less than would be
encountered in any river furnishing a sufficient
and suitable resting place for the iron-clads
north of that latitude. Go to Connecticut, to
Massachusetts, or to Maine, and do you ex-
pect to find fresh water free from ice, and do
you expect in any of these localities to avoid
the inconveniences to which I have referred ?
But I think the statement of Professor Bach6
on this subject is quite sufficient.
The advantages of this location are obvious.
In the first place the yard will bo near a large
city, furnishing at all times to the Government
a supply of skilled labor. In the second place
it is as convenient and advantageous a location
as can be found with a view to the necessary
tiriiber for use in a navy-yard ; the supply will
be as convenient and cheaply obtained as at
any other point. Then the supply of coal and
iron, a most important" consideration indeed,
will be more certainly secured at all times and
more cheaply at Philadelphia I presume than
at any other locality in the country.
Some objection has been m-ade to the remote-
ness of the island from the city of Philadelphia
and the want of accommodations for the fami-
lies of the laborers at such a yard. I shall not
stop to discuss that at any length. I suppose
that the extension of two or three lines of
street cars down Broad street and other streets
to the shore will furnish sufficient convenience
to all the laborers. But there is no doubt that
as soon as the nary-yard is established, tene-
ments will be erected at once. This navy-
yard cannot be established advantageously to
the Government in the heart or near the heart
of the city of Philadelphia; no point furnishing
the advantages which we must now have can
be found nearer to the city of Philadelphia or
perha ps to any other city than League Island ;
and as soon as the work commences, every
Senator knows that the necessary accommoda-
tions will grow up i it will come to be the
interest of men to make improvements.
I intended, Mr. President, at this time merely
to indicate some of the views of the committee
upon this subject, and not to discuss it elabo-
rately. I suppose there will be objection made,
as there has been elsewhere, to this bill. I
favor it because I am not willing to see the
only navy-yard which we have in the middle
States removed from them. I should consider
it a great national calamity to remove the only
yard that is now found in the waters that flow
through the middle States. I do not intend
to discuss this matter in any sectional view ; X
do not suggest this with any purpose to address
any sectional sentiment; but-we have agreed
by the establishment of arsenals over the
country that the military and naval power of
the country ought to be distributed into the
different sections. It is a lesson taught us by
the late war, and I would not consent unless
the reasons were entirely controlling to the
abandonment of a navy-yard at Philadelphia.
■ Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as I liave
had the honor of moving a proposition which
ms a substitute for tho bill now before the Sen-
ate, I hope you will pardon me if I go into a
very brief explanation. If I have followed the
Senator from Indiana, he is disposed to limit
the character of the proposition before us. He
presents it to us simply as a question between
the existing navy-yara at Philadelphia and a
new navy-yard for Philadelphia. If it could be
presented in that limited way I should be very
little disposed to enter into the controversy ;
but it strikes me that the statement of the Sen-
ator is not complete. The proposition before
us involves something more. It is not merely
supplying a new navy-yard to Philadelphia;
that in itself would be of importance ; but this
proposition still goes further. While supply-
ing a new navy-yard to Philadelphia it under-
takes to supply a navy-yard on a lai'ge scale,
which is to meet the great change in the naval
system of our country growing out of the in-
troduction of iron-clads; and you have the
singlo practical question presented to you
whether at this moment League Island is the
best place for a navy-yard of iron-clads. There
is the question. The Senator from Indiana
must not divert attention from that question.
The Senate, when it votes, must vote on that
question. It must say yea or nay on the ques-
tion whether League Island is best for these
new and extraordinary purposes.
I am not at this moment disposed to go into
the consideration of the merits of League
Island. Many pamphlets have been written
upon them, many speeches have been made
upon them. I will not now add to the number.
Suffice it to say, that on the evic^nce there is
certainly grave doubt whether League Island
docs in a practical way supply all that is needed
for the desired purposes. I certainly doubt it.
Then, on the other hand, there is a proposition
for a navy-yard at New London. With regard
to that there are also pamphlets and speeches.
1 have seen that site myself, and I must say,
if I may so express myself, it is even captivat-
ing. I can hardly imagine a site which is bettor
adapted to the purposes in view. The water
is ample ; the supply of fresh water behind is
peculiar; and all these, too, areundertheguard-
ianship, if I may say so, of fortresses, so that
I believe it would be in reasonable security
against any foreign approach. You cannot
put aside New London on the existing evi-
dence, it seems to me. Certainly you cannot
put it aside and take League Island; but that
is what the bill before you asks you to do.
Under these circumstances I have felt it my
duty to bring forward what I will call an inter-
mediate proposition. It is neither for League
Island nor for New London, but it is for the
creation of a commission of engineers as emi-
nent as any in the country, having the un-
doubted confidence of the country, who shall
make an inquiry with regard to a proper site
for a navy-yard for the purposes in view. The
commissioners that I haveproposed, and whose
names are set forth in the substitute, arc Ad-
miral Parragut, Lieutenant General Sherman,
and Mr. Hilgard. Of Admiral Farragut I need
say nothing ; of General Sherman I need say
nothing, except that he is placed in this com-
mission on account of his eminence as an en-
gineer. Mr. Hilgard is also placed here on
account of his familiarity with our coast and
his eminent scientific attainments. You all
know that he is now the practical head of the
Coast Survey. I doubt whether three gentle-
men in the whole country could be selected who
if they should unite in a report on this subject
would inspire more confidence,
I propose that this commission shall select
a suitable site on or adjacent to the Atlantic
ocean for a naval station for the storage and
repair of iron vessel? and iron-elad vessels of
the Navy and for other naval purposes. But
I do not stop there. I do not content myself
with providing a commission that shall do what
I submit at this moment the Senate and the
Congress are not competent to do, to deter-
mine between these two place.^ or to select
some other place which is neither one nor the
other; I do not stop with the creation of an
effective commission ; I go further, and pro-
vide that the Secretary of the Navy shall act
at once on the report of that commission.
Here are the words:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized and empowered to accept such selected site on
behalf of tho United States: Provided, The same
shall be conveyed to the United States as a free gift,
for their exclusive use and boneflt, by a valid and in-
defeasible title. And the Secretary of tho Navy is
horeby further authorized to tako possession of and
oeeupysaid sifceforthopnrposesherein indicated, and
in the preparation theroof to use sueh uiqount of
money as may be necessary out of any unoxpended
appropriations for the Navy.
Observe the language. Under this amend-
ment the Secretary of the Navy will be author-
ized to go forward at once on the report
of this commission and prepare his navy-
yard. Therefore, if any Senator should be
disposed to say that my proposition is in its
nature dilatory, I reply at once that he is mis-
taken ; it is dilatory only so far as it does inter-
pose the agency and judgment of a commission.
That is all. It is not introduced, either with
a view to delay, but it is introduced with a
sincere desire to find some means of recon-
ciling this controversy, which has so long
agitated both Houses of Congress. It is time
that it should bo brought to a close, and I see
no bettor way of bringing it to a close than
by subjecting it to the impartial umpirage of
so distinguished a tribunal as that whioh is
described in this amendment.
Let those commissioners proceed with the in-
quiry, atid we shall all bo ready to accept their
conclusion. If they sanction the receiving of
League Island, then for one I shall consent.
If on the other hand they prefer New London,
or some third place, then again I shall consent.
I shall feel that my own judgment will be es-
sentially aided by theirs._ Indeed I shall gladly,
on this question, subordinate my judgment to
theirs.
I ask you, then, what is the practical objec-
tion to this proposition? Is it notcalculated to
harmonize these two different sides? Does it
not afford an easy and quiet way of bringing
this controversy to a close? I have said (hat
for one I should accept the report of any such
commission. I believe the Senate would ac-
cept it; still more the country would accept
it. The people who are interested in League
Island, I believ®, would not set themselves up
against such a report; and, on tho other hand,
those who are interested in any other place
would bo equally contented.
This is all that I have to say on the case at
present. Should the debate continue I may
be disposed to consider more at length the
comparative merits of the different places,
though for one I am very anxious to avoid
these details. I do not believe that the Sen-
ate is competent to consider these details to
advantage. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it is possible
that anybody can be induced to vote for this
proposition except the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who offered it. It avoids all the questions
that are at issue upon this subject. It does not
propose to establish a navy-yard, and it does
authorize one to be selected. It does not
authorize these men, if they choose, to remove
the navy-yard from its present location in
Philadelphia to League Island or to Red Bank
