1196
Tfil GON"GRBSSI03SFAL GLOBE.
February 12,
or to any other' place,"'or to- New London; it
merely says that these distinguished gentle-
men, all of whom save one know nothing of
nautical matters-, shall be authorized to select
a place for the storage and repair of iron-
clads ; that is all. Nothing else can be done.
Of coarse the Senator from Massachusetts is
not desirous that all the labor to be done in
the navy-yards of the United States shall be
done in the yards in New England; Of course
he could not be influenced by any such con-
sideration as that in offering such a proposi-
tion. as this; but such would be the effect of
his proposition. You would thereby virtu-
ally dispense with the present yard at Phila-
delphia, that only embraces thirteen acres of
available land, where all your buildings are
cluttered up together and liable to destruction
from fire within and fire without, and where you
are obliged year after year to rent wharf roorii
for your vessels to lay, where there is no room
to-day for more than two vessels to lay up on
your water front. Does he want to dispense
with that and have all the repairs to your
wooden ships, that will bo your cruisers in time
of peace, done at Portsmouth, Charlestovvn,
and New York city? Let mo read it:
That Admiral David O.Farrngut.LieutonantGron-
eral William T. Sherman, and Mr. J. E. Hilgard be,
and they are hereby, appointed and constituted a
commission to sol out a suitable site on or adjaeont to
the Atlantic coast for a naval station for the storage
and repair of iron vessels and iron-olad vessels of the
Navy, and for other naval purposes; and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby authorised and empowered
to accept sueh selected aito on bohalf of the United
Statos: Provided-, ThO same shall bo conveyed to the
United Slates <u) a free gift, for their exclusive use
and benefit, by a valid and indefeasible titlo. And
the Secretary of tho Navy is hereby further author-
ized to take possession of and oeeupysaid sito for the
purposes heroin indicated, and in the preparation
thereof to use such amount of money as may bo
necessary out of any unexpended appropriations for
tho Navy.
There is 110 limit as to the amount of land
that, is to be secured. These gentlemen may,
if they choose, demand of 0110 locality a largo
amount and of another two acres or live acres
or ten, acres. Then it confers upon tho Secre-
tary of the Navy unlimited power over tho
Treasury to expend just so much money as ho
chooses in order to put this navy-yard that we
authorize these gent,lotneri to select in working
order. ] confess that I never heard of a bolder
proposition presented to tho Senate than this
seems t,o me to be.
Mr. President, the country does not want
another navy-yard. Neither the Secretary of
the Navy nor the President of tho United
States has ever asked for one. We have
navy-yards enough to-day. A simple proposi-
tion came to us from the Navy Department,
asking that the present yard at Philadelphia
should be enlarged; and tho question was
whether we should enlarge that yard by acquir-
ing the adjacent property, taking it out of the
business property of tho city that is necessary
for commercial uses, or whether we should
move it a mile and a half off to another local-
ity. VVc decidcd that it was best for tho Gov-
ernment to move it to another locality; and
then the question was where that locality
shoud be, whether we should move it a mile
and a half off to League Island, or further
down the river to Iica Bank or to Chester.
Bui, as to the propriety of removing the Phila-
delphia yard and having a larger establishment
there there cannot be a question.
We have been enlarging our yards ever since
the foundation of the Government. In 1798
the Navy Department was established. An
act of Congress was passed authorizing the
construction of six frigates. At that time
Benjamin Stoddard was the Secretary of tho
Navy. There was never any authority of Con-
gress to establish the six navy-yards that we
had in this country; but Mr. Stoddard, under
the latitudinarian notions that prevailed in Mr.
John Adams's Administration (as his enemies
said) thought that the authority to construct
the six frigates carried with it the power to
purchase the land upon which they should be
built; and therefore that Sem-etary of the
Navy, the first one we ever had, bought a
small piece of ground at different points, upon
which the ships were built, and from that day
to this we have been eohstantly enlarging these
yards-. Since'I have been a member of this
body, we have i&ade' twft' purchases to add'to
the Philadelphia yard ; and it is in that way
that all our navy-yards have sprung up. We
have never succeeded in getting a yard as an
entirety except that noble one" which we pos-
sess on Mare Island On the Pafeifie c'oast; Now
there is an opportunity to secure ;a yard' as an
entirety, to lay it-off as it ought to be, to make
such a yard as is demanded by the commercial
and naval interests of the country, such1 as is
worthy of a great maritime Power.
When this subject shall be more thrown
open to debate and the qualities and capaci-
ties of Le&gue Island shall be brought in' ques-
tion, I may have something more to say on the
subject.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate, whether it be regarded as
the pending bill or the amendment moved by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, it
seems to me is one of more importance than
the Senate appear to consider it. The bill
itself comes before 11s under rather peculiar
circumstances. It seems to me a little singu-
lar that a bill so important as this should be
reported to the Senate with no document con-
nected with it from any Department, without
one word from the committee reporting it;
simply the naked bill. That, as it was sent to
the committee, is reported back, without any-
thing in the form of report to inform tho Sen-
ate either of tho necessity for the bill or of tho
'ground ou which the committee recommend
its passage.
It is true, the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, a member of the Naval Committee, has
stated with his usual clearness and force the
reasons why the committee favor the bill; and
the honorable chairman of the committee, not
going into the general question, but speaking
more directly to tho amendment, has enlight-
ened us, as lie always does when lie addresses
the Senate upon any topic which maybe under
discussion. But certainly it is usual in this
body, and I should be sorry to see that usage
changed, when a subject of so much import-
ance as this comes before us and wo are asked
to vote upon«t, that we should have a report,
something in an authentic and enduring form
on which our action may be based. There is
nothing of that kind in the present case, and
1 repeat that it is singular—peculiar.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, seems to
think that in tho amendment proposed by tho
honorable Senator from Massachusetts there
is nothing that can obtain the vote of any one
but the Senator who offered it. Now, sir, if
1 mistake not, there is in the amendment, as it
regards the general subject-matter, all, and in-
deed more than all, that, there is in the original
bill. What does the bill propose? The hon-
orable Senator from Iowa says the amendment
docs not propose the building of a navy-yard,
or indeed the doing of anything, or authorizing
tho Secretary to do anything. His objection
to tho amendment is that it amounts to nothing.
Now, let us see what the bill proposes. It. pur-
ports to authorize the Secretary of the Navy—
To receivo and accept from tho city authorities of
tho city of Philadelphia tho title to Leaguo Island,
in tho Delaware river, and adjacent marsh land, in-
cluding tho whole of tho creek known as tho Back
Channel, from tho Schuylkill to the Delaware rivers,
and all the riparian rights and privileges of said
League Island, adjacent marsh, and Back Channel,
together with so much of the opposite shore of the
Back Channel from the League Island shore as shall
in tho opinion of tho Secretary oftho Nary bo ample
to enable the Government to have the solo and ex-
clusive use of said Back Channel and both shores
thereof; tho said island and appurtenances to be held
for naval purposes by the Government of tho United
States.
That is all the bill proposes to do, that we
shall acquire what I have read, "to be held
for naval purposes" by the United States.
That is about as vague and indefinite as any-
thing can well be, and amounts to tis little, my
word for it, as the amendment can amount to,
be that ever so little. But the amendment, in
nay judgment, is not at all obnoxious: to the
objection made to it._ I call for the reading,
of the amendment again, that it may be seen in
connection with this bill whether it be the pure
nihility tfhich the honorable Senator from Iowa
seems to suppose it is.
Tb*e Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
o'f: the bill and insert the following:
That Admiral David G. Farragut, Lieutenant Gen-
eral W. T. Sherman, and Mr; 3. E. Hilgard be, and
they are hereby, appointed and constituted a com-
mission to select a suitable site on or adjacent to the
Atlantic coast for a naval station for the storage and
repair of iron veoseis and iyOn-elad vessels of the
Navy, and for other naval purposes. And the Sec-
rotary of the Navy is hereby authorised and empow-
ered to accept such selected site on behalf of the
United States: Provided, The same shall be conveyed
to the United States as a free gift, for thoir exclusivo
use and benefit, by a valid and indefeasible title.
And tho Secretary of the Navy is hereby further
authorized to take possession of and occupy such sito
for the purposes herein indicated, and in prepara-
tion thereof to use such amount of money as may bo
necessary out of any unexpended appropriations for
tho Navy.
Mr. FOSTER. Now, Mr. President, I
submit 
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, I will make a verbal addition to my
amendment by inserting the words "and build-
ing" after the word "repair;"-so that it will
read: " for a naval stsftion for the storage,
repair, and building of iron vessels."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dooi.it-
tle in the chair;) That modification will be
made.
Mr. FOSTER. Without the modification
which the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has now made to the amendment it cer-
tainly contains all that the original bill did,
and much more ; for all that the original bill
contained, as the text shows, was that the Gov-
ernment should hold this Territory "for naval
purposes." The amendment has that same
expression, so that if there be any magic or
comprehensiveness in that term "naval pur-
poses, " the amendment has all that the bill
has. Besides, it had in addition prior to the
present modification other conditions which
the bill lias not; but whether it had previously
or not, surely now when the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts adds the words " and build-
ing" it contains all that can be technically
required, if the honorable Senator from Iowa
were now about to specify what is required in
order that we might have a perfect bill to
acquire a navy-yard. '
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator
from Connecticut if there is any requirement
as to the quantity of land that shall bo selected?
Mr. FOSTER. There is not.
Mr. GRIMES. And yet the Secretary of
the Navy is directed, no matter how small that
quantity of land may be, without regard to its
magnitude, to go on and expend the money of
the Treasury. In the other case there is in-
cluded tho whole of League Island, whatever
that may be.
Mr. FOSTER. It is true that the amend-
ment does not specify tho amount of land.
The Senator is right in that respect. But, sir,
when we consider that the gentlemen named
in the amendment are Admiral Farragut, Gen-
eral Sherman, and Mr. Hilgard, and that the
amendment itself points out the purpose for
which this site is to be selected, I do not think
there is any very great danger that these gen-
tlemen will select either too much or too little
land, or select an unfit site.
Mr. SUMNER. They are to select "a suit-
able site"—comprehensive words, applicable
at once to the locality and to the extent of the
ground to be occupied.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly; there is no doubt
about that; but even if the language had been
less well chosen when the subject is commit-
ted into the hands of three gentlemen like
these it will not be in the power of the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, skillful as he may be
in finding difficulties where he wishes to find
them, to persuade the Senate that that board
would not do their whole duty and do exactly
what was necessary to be done to accomplish
