432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
to persons, claiming the service or labor of
colored volunteers or drafted men, and for other
purposes- . .;
, - house bills referred:.
• The following bills and' Joint resolutions
frorn 'the House of Representatives were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
as-indicated below': '
A bill (H: R. No.* 46?) for the relief of
Hiram Paulding, rear' admiral United States
Navy—'to the Committee on Claims.
A bill, (H., R. No. 483) for the relief of
Norman J.- Hall—to the Committee on Claims.
' A Sill (H. R. No. 916) for the relief of
ffaiaes M. Bishop, who claims $236—to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 974) to indemnify Abial
Morrison for property destroyed by hostile
Indians in Washington Territory in the years
1855 and 1856—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employes in
the civil service at Washington—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 235) to amend
an act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved March 8, 1863—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
reports oe committees.
Mr.. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claim's, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Mary J. Dixon, of Alexandria, Virginia,
praying for the restoration of property sold
for taxes, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 503) for the relief of Mrs. Mary
J. Dixon, of Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
ginia, widow of the late Turner Dixon, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, tod the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the memorial of the New Eng-
land Emigrant Aid Company, praying for in-
demnification for the destruction of their prop-
erty at Lawrence, Kansas, have instructed me
to report it back adversely. It has not been
the custom of the Senate to print memorials,
and this memorial, which is one of some im-
portance, has been once printed, and I presume
there are on the files of the Senate as many
copies as any Senators will require. The me-
morial should go to the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That order
■will be entered.
penitentiaries in the territories.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 715) setting aside certain proceeds from
internal revenue for the erection of penitentia-
ries in the Territories of Nebraska, Washing-
ton, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and
Dakota, have had it under consideration, and
instructed me to report it back to the Senate
with a recommendation that it pass; and if
there be no objection I ask for the present
consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to set aside and
appropriate the net proceeds of the internal
revenue of the Territories of Nebraska, Wash-
ington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona,
and Dakota, for the fiscal years severally end-
ing on the 30th of June, 1860, the 30th of June,
1867, and the 30th of June, 1868, for the pur-
pose of erecting, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, penitentiary build-
ings in those Territories, at such places therein
as have been or may be designated by the
Legislatures therepf and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior; but" the moneys so set
aside and appropriated, in each of the Territo-
ries are to be devoted exclusively to the erection
of a penitentiary in the Territory in which they
have been and shall be collected, and not in
any other; and that they shall not exceed in
anjount the sum «f S§20,00Q in the Territory of
Washington and $40,000 in each of the Terri-
tories of Nebraska, Colorado, Idaho, Montana,
Arizona, and Dakota.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 504) to improve the value of Government
lands on the line of the McGregor' Western
railway, by aiding said railway company to
construct said railroad ; which was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 505) to quiet title to land in the town of
Santa Clara, in the State of California; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
public buildings and grounds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution, passed by
the House of Representatives on Friday last:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the follow-
ing be added to the joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be a joint committee on public
buildings and grounds, to consist of five members on
the part of the Senato and seven on the part of the
House, whose duty it shall bo to consider all subjects
relating to the public edifices and grounds within the
city of W ashington which may be referred to them,
and report their opinion thereon, together with such
propositions relating thereto as may seem to them
expedient.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
mrs. elizabeth r. smith.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
451.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 451) for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth R.
Smith was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate the sum of $2,468 in full payment
and satisfaction of the claim of Mrs. Elizabeth
R. Smith, widow of the late Lieutenant R. H.
Smith, of the third regiment United States
artillery, for property lost on board the steamer
San Francisco, in the year 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
pension agents.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
69,-which has been up some four or five times;
and I hope we shall dispose of it this morning.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 69) to provide for the payment of pen-
sions, the pending question being on the
amendment moved by Mr. Sumner, to add at
the end of the House amendment the follow-
ing additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all other
agents or officers appointed by the President or by
the head of any Department, whose salary or com-
pensation derived from fees or otherwise exceeds
$1,000 annually, shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and the term of office of all such officers appointed
since the 1st day of July, 1866, shall expire at the end
of thirty days after the passage of this act; Provided,
That this is not applicable to clerks of tho Depart-
ments.
Mr. LANE. I just wish to say one or two
words in reference to that matter. This is a
bill to provide for the appointment of pension
agents. It was well considered at the last ses-
sion, and it has been well considered and
debated at this session, and the Senate can
vote knowingly, as it seems to me, in reference
to all its provisions. Now, here is an amend-
ment proposing to apply the same rule to all
offices the salary attached to which is over
$1,000 a year. While I sympathize with the
object sought to be accomplished by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I hope that that
amendment will not be placed upon this bill,
for it opens the whole subject of removals and
appointments, and I very much fear that the
bill will fail if this amendment be adopted.
In consideration of the facts that this bill is
well understood, has been thoroughly debated,
and its whole scope and object known to the
Senate, I hope that now no general proposition
to apply the principle to all offices will be
adopted as an amendment to this biU.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Indiana
says that the amendment which I have moved
will open the whole question of the appoint-
ment and the removal of officers. Does not
the original proposition reported by him do
the same thing? Does it not open the whole
question of appointment and removal? It
seems to me that it does. The bill, I know,
on its face is only applicable to pension agents;
but in discussing that bill and in reaching your
conclusion upon it, you are necessarily called
upon to review the whole subject. If^he bill
is right with regard to pension agents, it is
right with regard to other agents and officers
of the Government. I see no reason why the
President should have this peculiar power with
regard to all other agents and officers of the
Government and be deprived of it only in the
case of pension agents. There is no single
argument which my excellent friend from In-
diana can adduce for his bill which is not
equally and completely applicable to the
amendment which I now propose. I should
say myself that the occasion for the amend-
ment which I have moved is, if possible,
greater than the occasion for the original bill.
There is more reason for it, inasmuch as the
cases to which it is applicable are more numer-
ous. The bill under consideration looks merely
to one class of officers; my proposition looks
to all classcs of officers; and if there is a rea-
son for protecting one class of officers, I insist
that there is equal reason for protecting all
these other classes of officers.
Now, sir, the Senator from Indiana wishes
that this proposition should be postponed, or
that it should come up separately, or that it
should be moved on another bill. He has the
natural desire, I know, which belongs to a
Senator who has reported a bill to see his
work perfected in the Senate. He wishes his
bill passed as he reported it. I will not criti-
cise the Senator for that desire, into which I
know the chairmen of committees so naturally
fall. It is natural that a Senator in his situa-
tion should press his own bill: but I now do
appeal to the Senator from Indiana to take my
amendment, not to oppose it. Let it go upon
his bill, and let us give to the country as com-
plete protectiou as we can, instead of simply
giving protection to a single class of officers.
Mr. LANE. The reason I* assigned for
objecting to this amendment is a reason which
will strike the Senate. The facts in reference
to the appointment of pension agents have been
fully discussed. Their original appointment
by the War Department, then by the Interior
Department, then the proposition to give the
power of appointment to the President, the
number of agents, their compensation, the
duration of the offices, have all been debated
fully and freely before the Senate. Here now
is a proposition to apply the same rule to all
other offices the salary of which is over $1,000.
As to the manner of their appointment, the
duration of office, the compensation, and all
these things, the Senate, if they vote upon the
amendment, as it seems to me, must vote in
ignorance of the facts. I think I should vote
unhesitatingly for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as a separate bill, or
perhaps as an amendment upon some other
bill. As I said before, I sympathize fully with
the object sought to be accomplished by it; and
if the amendment is engrafted upon this bill I
shall still vote for the bill; but I prefer voting
upon one thing at a time and upon a subject
about which the Senate has been fully informed.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator will forego
