1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1W
the purpose in view. There is no manner of
danger that Aey would select a site so small
that it could not be used with advantage,
no danger that they would purchase so much
that it would bankrupt the Treasury to pay for
it. I think in regard to these gentlemen we
may say what it is said the late lamented Chief
Justice Marshall once said to a practitioner in
the Supreme Court who commenced an argu-
ment of a cause by going back somewhat to
the A B C's of the law. The learned Chief
Justice, after hearing him with great patience,
as was his practice, for some time, finally inter-
rupted him and said, " Sir, from the peculiar
organization of this court I think it may per-
haps be presumed that the judges do know
something." I think that we may presume
that the three gentlemen named in this amend-
ment do know something, and that when by an
act of the Congress of the United States they
are called upon and it is made their duty to
select a suitable place for a navy-yard it will
be safe, to leave the matter to their discretion,
a,nd there will be no danger that that discre-
tion will not be wisely exercised.
In regard, then, to the amendment, I think
it is perfectly clear that it will accomplish all
that it is necessary to accomplish under this
bill.
But. Mr. President", the honorable Senator
from Indiana and the honorable Senator from
Iowa object that here is really no other pur-
pose than to change the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia from its present location to another loca-
tion, and that is all which the Senate can now
be properly called upon to consider. I do not
understand that that is any question at all.
Has there been any complaint m regard to the
navy-yard at Philadelphia that it is not per-
fectly adequate for all the purposes for which
a navy yard is required at that locality?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say in answer to
the Senator's question that that has been the
burden of the reports of the Navy Department
lor four years.
Mr. GRIMES. For six years and longer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The condition of our
Navy at the commencement of this war was
complaint enough.
Mr. FOSTER. The condition of our Navy
at the commencement of this war was prob-
ably not chargeable to any lack of accommo-
dation in the navy-yard at the city of Philadel-
phia. If that navy-yard had been ten times as
great as it was I doubt whether the condition
of our Navy would have been any more effect-
ive than it chanced to be when the rebellion
broke out. If the Secretary of the Navy for
four years or six years has been constantly
complaining about the small size of the navy-
yard at Philadelphia I have not happened to
hear it. It is true that he has made recom-
mendations in regard to a change of the navy-
yard there to League Island, and there is some-
thing a little remarkable in thlkpertinacity with
which the Secretary of the Navy has urged upon
Congress from time to time the propriety of
making League Island a naval station. It has
been on the ground that wo required some
more accommodation than we now have for
our iron-clad vessels; that for the purposes of
protection and preservation we required dif-
ferent and additional accommodations in the
way of a naval depot for our iron vessels,
which, previous to the introduction of those
vessels into our Navy, we had not required,
but which afterward became a necessity. On
that ground, as I understand, the honorable
Secretary of the Navy has urged the accept-
ance of League Island by the Congress of the
United States, because that could be made, in
his judgment, a proper station for iron-clad ves-
sels, not because the navy-yard at Philadelphia
needed any particular change or enlargement,
only that we required a different arrangement
foi our iron-clads from what we formerly had
required for our wooden ships.
Here, perhaps, as well as anywhere else, I
may *iiy that I think it a little strange that after
the Secretary of the Navy had appointed a
commission of his own selection, linder the
authority of Congress, to examine this locality
and he had been favored with the report of
that board of officers condemning it in terms
as an ineligible location, he was still as eager
and as persistent in urging upon Congress the
adoption of his former plan as before this
report had shown how utterly unfit this place
was for the purposes contemplated. The hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, in quoting from
one of the reports of the Secretary of the Navy,
if I mistake not the report of December 4,1865,
quoted the Secretary as saying that this board
of officers appointed by him, though they dif-
fered as it respected other points in connection
ivith League Island, agreed in this, that League
Island was a fit and proper place-for an iron-
clad navy-yard. It would puzzle anybody but
the Secretary of the Navy to find any such
agreement as that in the report of that board
of officers. The honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, astute as he is, aided by the astuteness of
the honorable Senator from Iowa, will not be
able to find any such statement in the report.
I have the report before mc and I will read the
closing paragraph, from which it will be seen
whether they agree to such a state of facts as
the honorable Senator from Indiana quoted the
Secretary of the Navy as saying was true. I
read from this report, as contained in the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Navy communicat-
ing, in answer to a resolution of the Senate,
the majority and minority leports of the board
of oflicers appointed under the act, approved
July 15, 18G2, entitled "An act to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to accept the title to
League Island, in the Delaware river, for naval
purposes." 1 read from the ninth page of that
report: .
" The board i? aware of thoimportanceof thoadvan-
tages which Leaguo Island possesses over the harbor
of New London in the immense supplies of iron and
coal which can, without question, bo delivered at
that point at cheaper rates than at any other site ex-
amined. and also of the fact that tlio fresh water of
the Delaware river would be very advantageous to
the bottoms of iron vessels. Still, in view of tho vory
great expense that mast necessarily bo incurred in
filling up this island before it can be of practical use
for a navy-yard, tho probability that a largo annual
appropriation will be required for maintaining a suf-
ficient, depth of water at tho island by dredging, tho
great cost of pile foundations for every structure re-
quired in the yard, the danger from drift-ico, and in
view of tho mnny advantages possessed by tho harbor
of New London over League Island, tho board, after
a very careful examination of all tho points uuder
consideration and mature deliberation, is of the opin-
ion that the advantages of a more abundant supply
of coal and iron at League Island, and at cheaper
rates, together with tho advantages of fresh water,
are more than balanced by the superior advantages
possessed by New London in other respects; and
thereforo—-
"Revolved, That in the opinion of tho board tho pub-
lic interests will not bo promoted by acquiring the
title to Loaauo Island for naval purposes.
"iiesolvcd. That the harbor of New London possesses
greater advantages for a navy-yard and naval depot
than any other location examined by tho board."
That was signed by S. II. Stringham, pre-
siding officer: W. H. Gardner, commodore;
G. J. Van Brunt, commodore; and W. P. S.
Sanger, engineer. If there is anything in that
which shows that the board agreed that League
Island was the fit and proper place for a navy-
yard for iron-clads, though they disagreed on
other points, I should be glad to have gentle-
men explain how they extract that fact from
the report.
The Secretary of the Navy is quite authorized
to make recommendations to Congress in re-
gard to navy-yards, and it is the duty of Con-
gress to consider those recommendations, giv-
ing them all the weight to which they are enti-
tled ; but when it turns out that the Secretary
of the Navy appoints a board of most compe-
tent, intelligent officers to examine various
sites, and the examination is made and a partic-
ular locality is by them condemned as unfitand
ineligible, I say thattho continued recommend-
ation by a Secretary of the Navy of the same
site, under those circumstances, is not entitled
either to weight or to respect, especially when
it is admitted that the Secretary of tho Navy is
not a nautical man, and has and can have no
other skill and knowledge on the subject except
what he derives from those arotmd him w;ho are
skilled, intelligent,and able to form and express
opinions.
\Vho_has inspired the Secretary of tho Navy
with this opinion I undertake not to say. The
honorable Senator from Indiana read frojn a
pamphlet in which he quoted a letter from tlse
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Fox. That
pamphlet by his courtesy I have been enabled
to look at, and I see that it purports to have
been written "rby a New England man." 1
shall be obliged to the Senator if he is willing
to say if he knows who the author of that
pamphlet is?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe I have no
reliable information on that subject. I saw
that it was a very satisfactory compilation of
the reports and letters that bear upon this sub-
ject, and it furnishes these reports and Letters
and makes them of easier reference than if I
was to go to the voluminous documents them-
selves. That is the reason why I read from it.
I would not be authorized to say who was the
author. I did not notice that it was written
" by a Now England man."
Mr. FOSTER. It' only purports to be on
the title page. I thought that fell under the
gentleman's eye.
Mr. HENDRICKS, j suppose that name
was adopted by the writer of tho document in
order to give it force and weight with the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I supposed the honorable
Senator probably knew who was the author of
the pamphlet he was reading from, and as it
stands simply now vouched for "by a New
England man" wo must take it as we take
other anonymous publications.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We may as well have
this question correctly understood. I have
read from this pamphlet quotations from official
documents. If the Senator says that the quo ■
tations are not given correctly in this compila
tion there is force in his criticism. I have
not relied upon any argument of the writer of
this pamphlet. I have relied upon what tlw
Secretary of the Navy has said, and up an what
Professor Bache has said, and upon what Mr.
Fox, then Assistant Secretary of the Navy, has
said. I do not care whether I find that in one
document or another if I find truthful extracts
from their reports.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. Permit me to suggest to
the Senator from Connecticut that 1 do not
know who is the writer of the pamphlet to
which the Senator from Indiana referred, but
I presume it is Mr. Boiles, as I perceive that
he is a gentleman who has been writing verj
largely on this subject.
Mr. CATTELL. I find Mr. Bolles's name
at the head of a pamphlet laid on my desk. As
a very large number of these publications are
here, and as I find one on my table with the
name of "John 11. Boiles" upon it, 1 should
not wonder if this pamphlet was written by him,
although I am not positive of the fact.
Mr. FOSTER. It may be, Mr. President,
that tho honorable Senator from New Jersey is
of opinion that Mr. Boiles wrote the pamphlet
the honorable Senator from Indiana has quoted
from. I do not know but that he thinks so.
He of course is the best judge on that subject.
It may be that the honorable Senator from In-
diana thinks that that is the production of Mr.
Boiles. Of course if he thinks so he will say
so if ho dooms it prpper.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What I read as entitled
to some weight before the Senate was the pro
duction of the Secretary of the Navy, of the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and of Pro-
fessor Bach6. Who compiled this document
I do not know; I have heard it stated, but 1
do not know, and therefore I would not be
authorized to connect any gentleman's name
with it. It is a mere compilation so far as I
have used it.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course, Mr, President,
the honorable Senator from Indiana will pur-
sue such course as he judges beat in answering
