#867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL '<&6ttS
4M
the offering of Ms amendment upon this bill,
and let as digest and adopt some general bill
reaching all these offices. At present I know
not how many officers would be embraced by
the amendment; I know not what has been the
mamiet of their appointment heretofore. I ask
simply now that this measure, which has been
fully debated, running through two sessions,
shalr be voted upon on ^s own merits. I have
no objection to the amendment, and I think I
should cheerfully vote for it as an independent
proposition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T should think, sir, that
there is more of principle and of rule in the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
than in the proposition of my collogue, al-
though I shall not vote for either. Sly col-
league says by his bill, which he now indorses,
that pension agents have become important
officers, but that some of them must go out of
office if they were appointed after a certain
day, and others who were appointed before
that date shall hold office ; so that the import-
ance of the office under the Constitution de-
pends upon the date of their commission. I
am not able to see the principle that is involved
in that. I shall not vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, but he em-
braces the whole subject, and his particular
proposition might upon principle be adopted
instead of the bill of my colleague.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senate would re-
flect that we have one bill before us which, if
it becomes a law, will deny to the President
the right to remove, without the consent of the
Senate, officers who are appointed with the
consent of the Senate. Now, to place, the
large class of officers referred to by this amend-
ment under the protection of that law, it is
manifestly necessary that this provision should
be enacted into law, here or elsewhere, now or
at some other time. There is no conceivable
bill that I know of in which it could be more
properly placed than the pending bill, and if
we pass it now then the work will be done. If
we put it off to another time we shall still have
it to do, if it is to be done, and it stands a
"right smart" chance of not being done at
all. So I really hope the amendment will be
adopted on the pending bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Grimes, Harris, Hender-
son, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Williams—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cowan, Cragin,
Dixon, Fogg',,Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Nesmith, Patter-
son, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
and Van Winkle—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Guthrie, Johnson, McDougall, .Norton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Koss,Trumbull, Willey, Wilson, andYates—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
of the House of Representatives as it has been
amended by the Senate.
The amendment as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. MORRILL. Do I understand that that
vote passes the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
The bill is now disposed of so far as the Sen-
ate is concerned.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to reconsider
the vote last taken, and I will mention as a
reason that my colleague [Mr. Fessexdejj]
expressed an interest in this measure when it
was before the Senate on a former occasion,
and I know he "still continnes to take that
interest in the measure.
The question being put on the motion to
reconsider, a division was called for.
39ra Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 28.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that an appeal
has been made by the Senator from Maine in
behalf of his colleague, who is confined to his
lodgings by sickness, and who feels a special
interest in this bill. I have never yet heard of
a case where an appeal of this' kind was made
that the Senate did not listen to it.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from Maine has
been here three or four days when this subject
has been under consideration. I know that I
saw him in his seat during at least two days
while it was before us.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken.
The last day this bill was under consideration
the Senator from Maine was engaged in the
room of the Committee on Finance in prepare
ing the tariff bill, which I find on my table this
morning, and he was sent for, but could not
leave the room.
Mr. LANE. That may be, but I know he
was here several days when the bill was under
consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. He was sent for the last
day it was before the Senate, but he could not
come here. I sent for him myself.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Maine if his colleague expressed
a desire to be present when this bill should be
finally disposed of? I had a conversation
with him and did not understand from him
that he had any special wish in relation to it.
He said he was opposed to the House amend-
ment and in favor of the original bill as it was
passed by the Senate; but he did not express
any particular anxiety about it.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the Senator
from New Hampshire I have to say that on a
former occasion when this bill was up my col-
league was obliged to be in the Supreme Court,
and he called my attention to that fact, and
expressed a desire to be present when the bill^
should be-considered. That is the reasoiv I'
called the attention of the Senate to the fact
this morning. I know this morning that he is
confined to his room by illness; and I should
hope that, as the bill is not to go back to the
House, at least this courtesy might be extended
to my colleague.
Mr. LANE. I hope this motion to recon-
sider will not prevail. This bill was up at the
last session, was debated three or four days,
and passed by the Senate and sent to the other
House. It has now been passed by the House
of Representatives with an amendment. There
has been a debate of three or four days on the
amendment, and we have now reached an end
and disposed of it. I hope that action will not
be reconsidered. If we are to reconsider meas-
ures in this way there is no telling when we
shall get through with them. I do not see any
great importance in reconsidering this vote. I
feel perhaps as little interest in the matter as
anybody else; but I have watched this bill
now through two sessions, and if this motion to
reconsider be carried I shall consider my duty
as discharged and my care of the bill as passed
by entirely.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill is important, first
in what it does, and secondly in what it does
not. It does provide a rule in one case, but
it miserably fails to provide a rule in the great
and urgent classes of cases throughout the
whole country. It is a bill specially to meet
almost I may say a particular ease,, instead of
a bill general to meet the interests of the whole
country. And, sir, the Senate are called to act
upon it merely at the last stage on a disagree-
ment between the two Houses, when there is
but one vote. On common occasions, I need
not remind you that there are several votes.
A bill is considered in committee and then in
the Senate, and then again there is another
vote on its final passage. There is nothing of
that kind now. You act by a single vote. I
mention these things as reasons, in addition to
those which have been already assigned, why
this vote should be reconsidered. I think it
had better go over for another day, and let us
look the bill more carefully in the face and see
whether it is what under the circumstances we
ought to
.- TENURE OF OMICE...-
The PRESIDENT protemporel• The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to.call up the unfinished business
of Friday, which is--the bill (S. No. 453) W
regulate the tenure of offices.
Mr. POLAND.-1 gave notice on Friday thit
I should this morning., ask the Senate to take
up the bankrupt bill, passed7 by the -House of
Representatives at the last session, for consid-
eration ; but I do not desire to antagonize that
bill with the one now before the Senate, and
therefore I shall not move this morning tc^take
up the bankrupt bill. But I desire that it may-
be understood that as soon as this bill is dis-
posed of I shall move the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bankrupt bill. I ap-
prehend 'that some of the Senators are more
alarmed than is needful in reference to the length
of time that will be consumed by that bill. I
think we shall all agree that the bankrupt bill
pending, if one is to be passed, is made very
nearly as perfect as it can be. I merely desire
to say that when this bill shall be 'disposed of
I shall then ask that the bankrupt bill be taken
up for consideration. "
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the Senate -is on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] to
amend the amendment made by the Senate as'
in Committee of the Whole to this bill by strik-
ing out all of the third section after the word
"thereafter," in the sixth line. The words to
be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And if no appointment, by and with thS advice
and consent of theSenate, shall be made to such office
fao vacant or temporarily filled, as aforesaid, during
such.next session of the Senate, such office shall re-
main in abeyance, without any salary, fees, or emol-
uments attached thereto, until the same shall be filled
by appointment thereto, by and with the advice and.
consent of the Senate; and during such time all th,e-
powers and duties belonging to such office shall bo"
exercised by such other officer as may by law exer-
cise such powers and duties in case of a vacancy in
such office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Oregon has expressed to the Senate a hope that
this.amendment will not be adopted, I wish to
ask him a practical question. What officer is
authorized to exercise the powers and dis-
charge the duties of an internal revenue col-
lector in case of a vacancy in that office ? I
ask the question because that is an office which
under this provision of the bill may become
vacant, and if this bill becomes a law there will
be no power to fill it during the recess of the
Senate. I ask him the question simply as illus-
trative of perhaps a thousand other cases.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose each collector
has a deputy, and if so the- deputy would dis-
charge the duties of the office, or whether that
be so or notthis provision, as those who framed -
the bill understand the Constitution, is in con- ■
formity with that instrument; but if it shall be
necessary to make further provision in refer-
ence to any particular office it may be made by
law; but this is adopted as a general rule.
Where a nomination is made to the Senate by
the President and the Senate do not concur in
making an appointment during the session of
the Senate, it is to be taken and considered as
the joint judgment of the President and the
Senate that the office shall not be filled in that
way at that time ; and the. committee under-
stand that when upon a nomination' of the Pres-
ident, or upon repeated nominations of the
President, the Senate decide not to advise and
consent to that nomination, it is the judgment
of the Senate that the office shall not then be
filled; and that the President ought not, if the
Senate adjourns, to have the power to override
the judgment of the Senate by making an ap-
pointment upon his own motion, because it is
the province of the Senate to decide thatques-
