1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
fc my judgment would itt fact be, a clear v iola-
tion of our agreement. A violation of a national
agreement under any circumstances.is full of
peril; and it is especially mischievous when that
violation relates to some financial operation of
the Government.
Then the only mode, if it is advisable to take
ap these compound-interest notes as they fall
due, is by the measure proposed by the com-
mittee or by some analogous measure. Now,
what is the measure proposed by the commit-
tee ? To issue certificates of indebtedness bear-
ing an interest of three per cent. ; and the hon-
orable gentleman who represents the committee
en this occasion, speaking, as I understand,
from actual knowledge, tells us that at least
that portion of the public #«ho hold these notes
would be willing to lend to the Government
upon those certificates of indebtedness at a rate
oi' three per cent., and enable the Government
to take up the compound-interest notes. The
effect of such an arrangement is to save the
Government the amount of the difference be-
tween six per cent, and three per cent. It is
therefore a clear gain, and being a temporary
loan the Government in all probability will at
some short period be able to meet the engage-
ment consequent upon the issue of these certifi-
cates of indebtedness.
I agree that, as an original question, the
issuing of the legal-tender notes was open to
very great objection; but in the condition in
which the country is placed, and looking to
the necessities which compelled the Govern-
ment to issue those legal-tender notes, we can- 1
not now get rid of them at once; and although 1
the honorable member from Pennsylvania, ,
in reference to the obligation of the Govern- ]
ment not to meet these compound-interest l
notes, placed it upon the ground that the hanks
who were in the possession of these notes had
violated some engagement on their part, that
would not rid us • from the obligation to meet^
the compound-interest notes hereafter; for
the banks can now dispose of all those notes
that they have in their possession to other cit-
izens of the United States or other parties.
Portions of them may be held in Europe.
Parties are in the possession of those notes
without having violated any engagement, and
they have a right, therefore, to insist that
they shall be paid the amount of the face of
the notes, with all the accruing interest, at
any time. The whole effect of the operation,
therefore, is to save us so much by way of
interest; while if we resort to the expedient
proposed by the House the currency will be so
expanded as will materially affeot, perhaps,
the interest of everybody iu the United States,
and at the same time, what is still worse,
effect a repudiation on the part of the Gov-
ernment.
JThe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance as a substitute for the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That every national bank
shall at all times have on hand, in lawful money
of the United States, an amount equal to at least
twenty-live per cent, of the aggregate amount of its
notes in circulation and Us deposits, and it shall be
unlawful for any national bank to pay intei%st on
deposits made in said bank by any other bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance considered that amendment. It con-
tains two distinct propositions, and they ought
not to go together. The first is but a repeti-
tion of the present law as to the great body of
the banks in the United States. The law
requires them to keep a reserve of twenty-five
per cent, on hand, except certain country banks,
who are far removed and generallydo not need
so large a reserve, and are only required to keep
fifteen per cent. The great body of the banks
of the United States are required to keep
twenty-five per cent., and the actual reserve is
fully up to that. That part of the amendment
does not amount to so much.
The second clause is a very difficult ques-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 118.
tion. To prohibit the national banks from
either receiving or paying interest, in a broad
sense, would be injurious. The Committee
on Finance, however, are willing that the re-
serve shall not be on interest. The subject
was hastily brought before us, and the Com-
mittee on Finance agreed to a proposition
this morning which I think will cover all that
we ought to cover. I submit it to the Senate^
there is some little difference as to the date.
It is to strike out all after the word " that': in
the amendment, and to insert;
No national bank shall either payor receive in-
terest on any portion of its reserve when deposited
in any other national bank, and the compound-in-
terest notes shall not beheld as a part of their reserve
after the 1st day of July next.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad that the
Committee on Finance have agreed to go thus
for, and perhaps it is as far as we can go at
the present time. I believe tbat one of the
greatest evils connected with the currency has
been the fact that the banks have been paying
interest on deposits made by other banks.
The tendency is to carry money into New
York city or into the large points, to fill the
banks up with immense deposits which must
be loaned out; and that money is loaned out
generally on call to brokers and speculators.
It is stated by gentlemen who have means of
knowing, who thoroughly understand the busi-
ness, that one great source of the gold spec-
ulations in the country, which have been so
injurious to the country, has been the fact that
the banks in the large cities paid interest on
deposits made by other banks. I have no
doubt that the system tends to derange the
currency, that it tends to expansion. The
moment the banks are called upon legitimately,
then they must call in those loans made when
they had these immense deposits on hand.
They must be called in often suddenly, and it
affects the whole money market. I have never
seen a merchant or a thorough business man
who does not look upon that system as injuri-
ous in itself, and there ought to be an end put
to it.
There is another thing which I think the
Committee on Finance ought to put an end to,
and that is these Government depositories in
places where we have sub-Treasuries. I believe
that we ought not to have the old pet bank sys-
tem. We must use the national banks to some
extent where we have not sub-Treasuries; but
why we need banks as public depositories in
New York, Boston, Baltimore, Philadelphia^
or any of our large cities, I do not understand.
The effect of the whole system has been to in-
crease the volume of currency and increase
credits when we.ought to bring the banking
system down and make it as solid as possible,
and prepare ourselves for the resumption of
specie payments at the earliest day it can pos-
sibly be done with safety to the business inter-
ests of the country. I am very glad that this
amendment is offered. I prefer the amend-
ment that I have proposed-; but as the Com-
mittee on Finance have agreed to this amend-
ment, I shall be very glad to go thus far.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the amendments
proposed to the banking act to which the Sen-
ator has referred are concerned, I am probably
in favor of most of them; but it is utterly im-
possible at this stage of the session to consider
anything that affects the national banks. There
ought to be some limitations and restrictions un-
doubtedly passed ; but the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking in the House, the Senator's
own colleague, has had a bill which he has not
been able to get considered. It is perfectly
impossible for us to consider that subject now.
The question of the payment of interest on
deposits has been for a long time under con-
sideration. I have always myself believed that
the practice of a bank paying interest on de-
posits was injurious and ought not to be allowed.
The best banks in New York never pay inter-
est on deposits. I beli^W'e that is the case with
the Bank of Commerce and with the Metropol-
itan Bank. Perhaps after a while it may be
well enough to prohibit all banks from paying
interest on deposits, but at present it would be
very injurious to them; it would only drive the
business of the national ba,nks into the hands
of brokers and bankers who do pay interest on
deposits, and whom you do not reach by this
legislation. But the amendment, so far as we
do go, provides that the reserve denominated
as security for depositors and note-holders
shall be kept without interest and always on
demand.
Another reason why I offer the amendment
is because it will induce the banks to take these
three per cent, certificates. Some Senators
seem to think this is a measure in favor of the
banks. That is certainly not so. The meas-
ure as it now stands will compel the banks to
keep a large portion of their reserve in three
per cent, certificates on which they will draw
interest; but if this bill does not pass, the
result will be that the country national banks
will deposit in the citiesand they will draw four
per cent, interest from their associate banks.
That is the present arrangement of this reserve
fund under existing law, because many of the
national banks pay interest to all depositors
and pay interest to each other on current ac-
counts. The only effect, therefore, of this bill
is to transfer these deposits from the banks in
New York to the national Government.
I do not know that it is necessary to prolong
the discussion. I hope the amendment will
be agreed to. It is bat justice to say that the
only point of difficulty we had in the Commit-
tee on Finance was as to the day when this
last clause should take effect. Perhaps my
friend from Maine, if he were here, would think
the day named was too soon. I think the 1st
of July is remote enough. That is the only .
point of disagreement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator tiom
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio if there is not some danger to be
apprehended in restricting the national banks
from paying or receiving interest on deposits
when State banks are allowed to do the same
thing ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We only confine it to
their reserve. They may pay interest on all
deposits except their reserve, which is depos-
ited as security for their circulation and de-
posits.
Mr. HOWE. Is that the effect of the amend-
ment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; that is what it
says in so many words. It does not go to the
extent the Senator supposes.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have looked
at this bill for the first time this morning, and
I cannot help thinking—I suppose the Senator
from Ohio can convince me to the contrary
very readily—that the very objection which he
has urged so forcibly and so conclusively
against the bill sent to us from the House of
Representatives may be urged with equal f^rce
against the proposition reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, that it does not keep faith
with the holders of the notes which this bill
proposes to redeem and satisfy. Those notes
purport to be an obligation on the part of the
Government to pay them, the face and the
interest at their maturity. Instead of paying
them in anything that was ever regarded as
money, or anything that your law pronounces
to be money, you propose to exchange for
them another security drawing a different rate
of interest.
Mr. SHERM^T The difference is, they need
not take these Iron certificates. It is simply at
their option. Tliey ar« not bound to take thenu
nt all.
