434
|HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tion.* They are in fact the electoral body, and
they having so decided it is to be regarded as
the judgment of the competent body that the
office shall not be filled at that time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question that is
presented by this amendment is' not the one
suggested by the Senator from Oregon; and,
if it be constitutionally possible, I have no
objection to Congress providing that a person
nominated for an office and rejected by the
Senate shall not be appointed afterward in
vacation by the President- to the same office.
I think the President ought not to disregard
the ^pressed will of the Senate in reference
to that officer, and I should not ask him to do
so. I have no objection, then, if it can be done
according to the Constitution, to such a pro-
vision.
But the question here is, whether in a case
where the President and Senate have been
unable to agree upon some man for an office
and the Senate adjourns, the office shall remain
vacant during the ensuing recess. That is the
question: whether the President shall have
power to appoint, not the rejected man, but
anybody to the office; whether, as I said before,
the office shall remain vacant, the interests of
the people shall be neglected, because the
President might appoint somebody not agree-
able to the majority of Congress. That is the
whole question.
There was force in the inquiry I put to the
Senator from Oregon. He has assumed the
championship of the bill by appealing to the
Senate without assigning a reason not to vote
for the amendment. Now, I want to know
from him how the country is placed with regard
to important offices where there is no person
authorized by law to discharge the duties of
the office if a vacancy occurs. The right of
the President to fill the vacancy is taken away
from him. How, then, practically, is the law
to be executed ? The Senator suggests that we
must obey the Constitution whether there is
practical inconvenience or not. I thought the
constitutional question was discussed pretty
fully the other day. It was conceded by the
learned Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
that the precedents and practice of the Govern-
ment were against the position assumed this
morning by the Senator from Oregon. The
Executive practice has been uniformly against
it from the foundation of the Government. It
has uniformly been in favor of the construction
that in such a case the President could fill the
vacancy ; and I referred to two instances in
which a legislative construction was placed
upon this provision of the Constitution agreeing
wfth th'e Executive construction ; so that the
authority upon the subject is altogether against
the construction contended for by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think I
sufficiently answered the question of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, and I do not pro-
pose to discuss the merits of this bill upon this
amendment. I think it is evident that if this
part of the bill be stricken out it will be de-
prived altogether of its value and will amount
to nothing, for it will then provide that if the
President makes a nomination to the Senate
and that nomination is rejected, then after the
adjournment of the Senate the President can
proceed to appoint an officer to fill the supposed
vacancy, and so it recognizes in the President
practically the absolute power of appointment
without any regard to the judgment of the Sen-
ate. Suppose the President nominates a man
to-day to fill an office now vacant, and the Sen-
ate rejects the nomination, and the President
declines to make any further nomination, and
the Senate adjourns. Then, according to the
argument of the Senator, the President may fill
that office; and so, if that be the policy, the
President may ignore the existence of the Sen-
ate so far as appointments are concerned, and
take the whole power into his own hands. This
clause of the bill is intended to strip him of
thsjt power and confine him to what the Consti-
tution confines him to—the power of making
nominations to the Senate, and allowing the
Senate to decide as to whether the office shall
or shall not be filled.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon how the Govern-
ment is to get along in case the Senate refuses
to confirm any of the President's nominations.
I ask whether he intends, whether the purport
of his bill is, that the Government shall stop,
cease to be, because of the want of concurrence
between the two coordinate powers who have
these appointments?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I hope the
honorable Senator does not indulge in the sup-
position that the Senate of the united States
will be more likely to act in a manner to over-
turn the Government than the President of the
United States. There is nothing of that kind
to be apprehended. Are the Senate to act
upon the assumption that they themselves will
arbitrarily and without reason reject nomina-
tions made by the President so as to prevent
the administration of the Government? Are
we not responsible to the people of the United
States ? Are we not as competent to decide
upon the qualifications of a candidate for office
as the President? Are we not as comgtent to
determine whether a certain course will ]3ro-
njote or prevent the administration of the Gov-
ernment as the President ? Are we to surren-
der our power as the Senate of the United
States and put it all in the hands of the Pres-
ident, upon the apprehension that we are in-
competent to discharge our duty as Senators
upon nominations made by the President ? I
expect that when the President makes a nom-
ination the Senate will take a reasonable
course in reference to that nomination. If the
nominee be an unworthy or an incompetent man
he will be rejected, and it will be the duty of
the President to make another nomination in
the place of the one rejected ; and this bill is
intended to devolve upon him that duty; and
if he makes another nomination it is not at all
probable that in many cases there will be a
disagreement between the President and the
Senate; but if it should so happen that in some
few cases they should disagree and the duties
of the office should devolve upon a deputy, or
if the office should possibly be vacant for a
short length of time, I say it is much better for
the whole country than that this absolute and
unlimited power over all the officers of this
Government should be in the hands of any one
man.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose, sir, the presump-
tion is not any more violent against the Presi-
dent than it is against the Senate. I suppose
that the responsibility of the Senate to the
people is not indeed so direct as that of the
President. And I suppose further, that if my
honorable friend from Oregon has read very
closely the history of the past he has found
that the danger is far greater from a body irre-
sponsible, because of its numbers, than it is
from a single man. But it unfortunately hap-
pens for his theory here in this case that the
President has the initiative. The office of the
Senate is secondary; the office of the Senate
is not to do good, it is to prevent mischief.
It is not exactly in its nature active, but rather
negative. The President appoints officers; the
Senate advises and consents to those of them
which are good; but it by no means follows
from that that if there is a disagreement the
President is to be deprived of his power of
appointing officers, and it is too late in the day
now to attempt to reverse the practice of sev-
enty-five years, when the Government has
gone upon an entirely different theory and one
which I may say resulted from the necessity of
the case. No matter how much the honorable
Senator from Oregon and many other people
may have lamented it, from the very necessity
of the thing this rifle has resulted, and it has
been uniform in the Government; and the
only question now is whether we shall be rev-
olutionary and overturn it.
I think myself that this is revolution. I
think myself the country is in a state of revo-
lution. I think this passionate conflict between
two departments ot the General Government,
neither one willing to trust the other, neither
one willing to abide upon the original founda-
tion on which the Government was laid, is rev-
olution. If it be revolution, the bill of the
honorable Senator is perfectly in keeping. If
it be so, and if it be necessarily so, that one or
the other of these two powers or two parties
or two factions (if you please to call them so)
is to have the appointment of the officers and
the regulation of th* offices, revolution will
bring about that result; but if we are.to re-
main where the Constitution put us the Presi-
dent has that right, and the honorable Senator
and his friends will have to submit to it. If
they do not like to submit to it, and if they
think they have the power to overturn it and
have thSir way, that is revolution; and when
you do that where are you going to stop ? What
next are you going to do? The very moment
you take that step you are obliged to take an-
other and another and another; and what is
the end of it? The end of it is that the Gov-
ernment will be crushed between the upper
and nether millstone, and nothing else.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I understand this question to be simply a ques-
tion whether the Constitution of the United
States shall or shall not be observed. I under-
stand that the Constitution makes two things
requisite to an appointment—a nomination by
the President and the consent of the Senate.
It would be revolutionary for this Senate to
undertake to make a nomination, and it is
equally revolutionary for the President to un-
dertake to make an appointment without the
consent of the Senate. The two must act to-
gether.
This subject has undergone very full consid-
eration heretofore. The committee of detail
in forming the Constitution had it before them.
They reported to the Convention that embas-
sadors and judges should be appointed solely
by the Senate, and that the other officers should
be appointed solely by the Executive; but that
report of the committee of detail was rejected,
and after mature discussion the Constitution
was made as it is, making it requisite that the
two branches of the Government, the Senate
and the Executive, should both concur in an
appointment.
Now, what does this bill provide against?
The President has the power, by making ap-
pointments in the recess and then by not send-
ing those nominations to the Senate, to con-
tinue session after session the same person in
office, actually abrogating the Constitution;
actually making the approval of the Senate of
no importance whatever in the appointments.
Attention has been called to the books on thi8
subject, and the advocates of this measure
have been told that they have not properly
examined the authorities. The other day the
President commended to the Senate a long
extract from Mr. Justice Story against usurpa-
tion on the part of the Legislature. Conse-
quently he approves of the writings of that
distinguished jurist. Now, I desire to read to
the Senate what that authority, says on this
very subject:
"The power of appointment, one of the most im-
portant and delicate in a republican Government" 
Mr. COWAN. What book does the honor-
able Senator read from?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I read from
Story's Commentaries on the Constitution;
not his extended Commentaries, but a work
based upon them and prepared for colleges :
"The power of appointment, one of the most im-
portant and delicate in a republican Government, is
next provided for. Upon its fair and honest exercise
must in a great measure depend the vigor, the pub-
lic virtue, and even the safety of the Government.
If it shall ever be wielded by any Executive exclu-
sively to gratify his own ambition or resentment, to
satisfy his own personal favorites or to carry his own
political measures, and still more if it shall ever in-
terfere with the freedom of elections by the people,
or suppress the honest expression of opinion and
judgment by voters, it will become one of the most
dangerous and corrupt engines to destroy private
independence and public virtue which can assail the
Republic. It should, therefore, be watched in every
free Governmentwith uncommon vigilance, as it may
otherwise soon become as sccret as it will be irresist-
ible inits mischievous operations. If the time shall
