X198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
as to the authorship of the pamphlet, even if
he does know; but as he says he does not
know I of course admire his delicacy in not
repeating a rumor. I have hear J who tlfe author
of that pamphlet is; but I do not know, and I
therefore shall not give his name. I hoped the
honorable Senator from Indiana did know, and
as he brought the pamphlet in and read from
it I presumed he might know; but as he does
not, it must stand of course as the anonymous
production of a New England man.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That we may under-
stand ourselves exactly right here, I wish to
ask the Senator from Connecticut whether any
of the quotations from the official documents
are incorrectly made, as I read them.?
Mr. FOSTER. Not to my knowledge. I
have not compared them, and have no knowl-
edge but that they are correct, although I can-
not from my own knowledge affirm that they
are.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, as I have read
from the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
and from the Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and from Professor Bach6, I do not think
it is important to know who compiled this
pamphlet.
Mr. FOSTER. Except it should turn out
that some one rather intimately connected with
this project in some other form was the author
of the pamphlet. Then 1 think it would be
of some importance. In that point of view
surely it would be; but not in the point of
view to which the honorable Senator would
confine it, namely, the accuracy of the quo-
tations. If the quotations are accurate, and
I am not disposed to question their accuracy,
it makes no difference who wrote the pamphlet.
I repeat, Mr. President, that there is some-
thing strange and unaccountable in the per-
sistency of tho Secretary of the Navy in urg-
ing the selection of League Island as a naval
station, in view of the evidence which was fur-
nished him by the board of officers selected
by him to make the examination, and it was
by no means the only source of information
that, he had on that subject.
Commodore Pendergrast, an officer well
known to many members of the Senate, was
in command of the navy-yard at Philadelphia
for several years, and while there in command
of the navy-yard wrote in roeard to the pro-
ject of selecting League Island as a naval sta-
tion for the Navy of the United States in lan-
guage which I will read:
"This now projoct of the mayor and city councils
of moving the yard to League Island in all a niattor
of speculation with a party hero to draw four or fivo
million dollars from the Govornmcnt, out of which
Ihoy would make splendid fortunes, while theUnitod
otat03 would boa losor atovery turn. If tho city even
buys tho property and presents it to tho Government
tho latter would still bo a loser, for it would tnko at
least four or five yours to prepare tho plaoo boforo an
attempt oould bo wado to uso it, and this, too, at an
outlay of millions. Besides, tho island is unfit for it,
being constantly overflowed, which would rondcr an
immense oxpondituro necessary for filling in, wharf-
ing, making docks, <&o."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator par-
don rae if I ask him whether he knows who is
tho author of tho pamphlet from which ho
reads ?
Mr. FOSTER. I believe I do, though I can-
not say that I know it in such a seuse that 1
should be qualified to testify to it before a court
of justice. So far as my own opinion is con-
cerned I think I do know who the author is.
That, however, is not tho point; for the hon-
orable Senator has informed us that the ques-
tion is as it regards the quotations read from
the pamphlet and not who the man who wrote
the pamphlet was. In the light of that inform-
ation which the honorable Senator kindly gave
me, I read also the opinion of Admiral Joseph
Smith upon this same subject, which the Sec-
retary ot" the Navy had the benefit of, besides
the opinion of the board selected by him, and
the opinion of Commodore Pendergrast. Ad-
miral Joseph Smith, after a personal examina-
tion of League J.dand in 1803, said of it:
"Some of the objections to which [to League Isl-
and] are of so serious a character as to bo at onoe
discovered by the most superficial observer."
Again, the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
House of Representatives in 1864, reported—
"That the public interest would not be promoted
by its selection, some of tho objections seeming to
your committee insuperable."
I thus give you the conclusion of the board
of officers selected by the" Secretary of the
Navy himself, and so selected that no charge
of prejudice or bias against League Island can
properly be made as against them who re-
ported that this island is unfit and improper for
these purposes. I have also given the letter
of Commodore Pendergrast, and the opinion
of Admiral Joseph Smith. This last named
officer, from his age and experience in the
Navy, from his position as chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, is entitled to much con-
sideration. It may be safely affirmed that
when he is called upon to examine a subject
of this sort he will understand it thoroughly,
and he adds his high sanction to the objections
which that board and Commodore Pendergrast
had made to League Island. Then the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the House of Rep-'
resentatives, who went personally upon the
ground and made the examination for them-
selves, made their report condemning it alto-
gether. And yet the honorable Senator from
Indiana, and the honorable Senator from Iowa,
say that the Secretary of the Navy still recom-
mends, and has for half a dozen years recom-
mended and urged upon Congress the selection
of League Island.
Sir, in view of these facts, I would ask why
he does it, what reason is there for it? Can
the Senate see any such reason as should cause
them to pay heed to the request? Is not the evi-
dence overwhelmingly against League Island,
giving to the recommendation of the Secretary
all the weight that it should ever be entitled
to? Ought we not to rely upon the reports of
boards of officers who were sent there on pur-
pose to examine the site, upon tho testimony
of tho commander ot' the yard there, of the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, of
tho committee of the House of Representatives
who went there and made a personal examina-
tion? Ought we not to take testimony of that
sort as immeasurably higher than the opinion
of the Secretary of the Navy, which after all
may have been inspired by the "New England
man" who wrote that pamphlet? Idonotsay
that it was; Ijut I say it is possible. Itiswrit-
ten " by a Now England man," and the Sec-
retary is from New England, a thing greatly in
his favor; and the man who wrote this pam-
phlet manifestly thought it would give currency
and strength to his opinions by placing " by a
New England man" on'the title page. Lest
the honorable Senator from Minnesota should
bo misled, as he seemed to think this was one
of the pamphlets which he had read in favor
of New London, let me say to him that this is
a pamphlet in favor of League Island, and that
there may be no mistake about it, and no mis-
understanding on this point, I will read the
title page:
" Advantages of Loaeruo Island for a naval station,
dock-yard, and fresh-water basin for iron ships and
other vossels-of-war, as rocommondcd by public au-
thorities, with oil tho objections heretofore offieially
advanced. substantially or toxtually reproduced and
severally answored."
Now comes the astounding phrase:
" By a New England man. Published by theBoard
of Trade of Philadelphia. Philadelphia: Sherman
k Co., Printers,
Now, Mr. President, it is quite possible that
the author of that pamphlet, a New England
man, inspired the Secretary of the Navy with
the opinion that League Island was after all,
first and last, the best place for a naval sta-
tion. But is it so? Ana is the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy under these circum-
stances to weigh a feather against these con-
trary opinions? I think I can show by docu-
mentary evidence of the highest authority that
this League Island, so far from being a desira-
ble location for a navy-yard and naval station,
is about one of the most unfit points that could
be selected on our whole coast from Eastport
to Cape Florida. And I have no question
that it will cost more money to prepare prop-
erly League Island for a naval station and
depot than to construct and complete all the
works necessary for such an establishment at a
fit and eligible site. That is my first objection.
My next objection to League Island is that
when completed it is a most unfit and ineligi-
ble site for the purpose contemplated, the
objections to it being permanent and fatal.
It is on these two propositions that I oppose
this bill. But the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts leaves League
Island with all its advantages, if it has them,
to be examined by the gentleman named in
the amendment together with other sites along
the coast, and they are to make a selection of
the best site. Is there anything unfair, any-
thing which should be excepted to in that prop-
osition ? If League Island has advantages over
other points, will not Admiral Farragut, Gen-
eral Sherman, and Mr. Hilgard be as ready to
discover and appreciate those advantages as
even the honorable Senator from Indiana or
the honorable Senator from Iowa or the Sec-
retary of the Navy himself? I say there is no
conflict of testimony; it is all on one side;
there is not a shadow on the other. There was
a suspicion of testimony on the other side, but
on examination it proved to be a shadow. If,
however, we go on the ground that there is a
conflict of testimony, is it not perfectly safe to
leave the decision to men such as are named
in the amendment ?
The honorable Senator from Indiana went
into a calculation to show what the amount of
filling was which would be requisite on that
Island, and what would be its cost. I do not
know whether he read this from the letter of
the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Fox, or from the
text of tho pamphlet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The letter.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator made
it cost about nine hundred thousand dollars,
or, as he" said to speak in round numbers,
$1,000,000, which he said was a less amount
than was used in coaling and running the
steamer Vanderbilt during the war, and he
seems to think this is a small sum. I know that
during the war we got into a habit of speaking
of millions of dollars so flippantly that when
we come to talk of a million now the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, as economical as
most of us here, hardly seems to think that
$900,000 is worth talking about, and therefore
he spoke of $1,000,000 as being easier. It
not being the ordinary way of speaking here
to talk of $000,000, he speaks of $1,000,000,
it being about as small a coin, if I may say so,
as any currency used among us—I mean in
current speech, for I do not think the current
coin is quite as abundant as the currency of
words. The honorable Senator, however, seems
to think that it might cost $1,000,000, but I
think I can sliowjfrom evidence that that is an
estimate greatly'below what will be the actual
cost of putting that island in any proper con-
dition to be made a naval station and navy-
yard.
There is, in the first place, quite a differance
in the evidence with regard to the amount of
territory which makes up this island. I think
in this pamphlet " by a New England man" it
is claimed that there are some six hundred
acres in this island. Other pamphlets, and
among them one which I believe the honorable
Senator from New Jersey thinks was written
by Mr. Bolles, makes out only some three
hundred acres in the island. There is a differ-
ence of nearly one half as regards the area of
the island; and I suppose from the character
of the soil there and the location it is iinpos
sible to get nearer than within one or two hun-
dred acres of the actual area. It depends
entirely upon the condition of the tide and the
state of freshets in the Delaware whether there
are six hundred acres or three hundred, and,
indeed, whether there is an island there at all
' if the wall gives way. While the wall is kept
up, the wall being a number of feet higher than
the surface of the ground, it keeps the river
