1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. HOWE. Upon the face of the bill it
does not appear so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It simply authorizes the
Secretary to exchange with them if he can make
the arrangement; and as an inducement for
them to take them we allow them to hold them
as a part of the reserve.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose they decline to take
them ?
Mr, SHERMAN. Then we pay them in
n:oney.
Mr. COWAN. In greenbacks ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In greenbacks. As a mat-
ter of course it is not compulsory. The loan
certificates are a mere form of indebtedness
which he is authorized to issue if he can make
a bargain.
Mr. HOWE. If the certificates were made
a legal tender then there would not be a breach
of faith ; nor would there be in paying them in
anything else that was a legal tender ; but the
law does not make these certificates a legal
tender, and I supposed it was intended to be
compulsory on the holders of the notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is discretionary. They
need not take them unless they choose.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time.
t was read the third time, and passed.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 25th instant, the following bills and joint
,resolution :
A bill (S. No. 283) for the relief of Edward
Si. Clair Clarke;
A bill (S. No. 467) to amend an act entitled
"An act further to provide for the safety of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, to regulate
the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and for
other purposes," approved July 23, 18(50 ;
A bill (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan;
A bill (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to provide
for the ascertainment and apportionment of
the proper quota of the direct tax of 1861 to
the State of West Virginia, and for other pur-
poses.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1226) for the relief of
Captain William McKean was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 19th of Decem-
ber, information in relation to goods purchased
in open market for the Indian Bureau since
the 1st of January, 18GG; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
smithsonian report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1866.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the folllowing
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That fivo thousand additional copies of
■ Smithsonian Institution for tho
year 1866 be printed, two thousand for the use of the
Institution, and threo thousand for tho use of the
.Senate, and that said report be stereotyped.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1173, the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to Mind the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. II. No. 1173) making ap-
propriations for fcundry civil expenses ot the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes, which had been re-
ported from the Committee on Finance with
various amendments.
The first amendment was on page 3, line
fifty-three, to strike out the words " and so
forth."
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) That is a mere verbal correc-
tion, and will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
sixty-five, to strike out the words " and so
forth."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and seventy-four, to strike out the
word "Fundy" and to insert "Thunder;" so
that the clause will read:
For rebuilding the keeper's dwelling at Thunder
Bay island light-station. Lake Huron, $8,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
alteration will be made if there be no objec-
tion.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and eighty-four, to strike out the
word "one" and to insert "two;" so that the
clause will read:
To enable the Light-House Board to reestablish
lights and other aids to navigation on the southern
coast, $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
line two hundred and two, to strike out the
following clause:
For a light-lionse to mark Combahee Bank, Geor-
gia, in place of Combahee light-vessel, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, lines
two hundred and ten and two hundred and
eleven, after the word "thousand" to strike
out "$281 73," and to insert the word "dol-
lars;" so that the clause will read:
For rebuilding light-honse on Deep Water Shoals,
in James river, Virginia, $16,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, after
line two hundred and thirteen, to strike out
the following clanse:
For rebuilding Wolf Island beacon-lights and
buildings connected therewith, $14,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, to
strike out lines two hundred and sixteen and
two hundred and seventeen, in the following
words:
For rebuilding Sapelo light-house and beacons,
Georgia, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, to
strike out lines two hundred and eighteen and
two hundred and nineteen, in the following
words:
For buildim three light-houses and buoy steam-
tenders, $iuo,ooo.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, after
line two hundred and nineteen, to insert:
For a reappropriation of the amount heretofore
appropriated for an iron light-house at Southwest
Pass, but which has been carried to the surplus fund.
$108,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, to
insert as lines two hundred and twen^-four
and two hundred and twenty-five the following:
For a new light-house at Punta Arenas, Califor-
nia, $65,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shonld like to have some
explanation from the Committee on Finance
for these items in these appropriation bills
which provide for new light-houses, when the
appropriate committee on these subjects have
not had them under consideration at all. The
Committee on Commerce considered the light-
house bill proper—I do not mean appropria-
tions, but authorizing the rebuilding and new
building of light-houses—a bill from tho House,
reported it with sundry amendments that ap-
peared snitable to them, and the bill has been
passed with those amendments. The most
| of the items for light-houses in this bill of
I appropriations now before us relate to struct-
I ures already provided for by law, and particu-
1 larly to those which have been reported. The
bill I have just mentioned did not contain any
provision for the building of a light-house in
California at this point; but it did for building
one at Santa Cruz—I think was the name ot
the place—for which an appropriation is now
made. I should be glad to have the Finance
Committee explain whether they have investi-
gated the propriety of the original erection or
not. If they have, certainly aa one member
of the Committee on Commerce I have no
disposition to quarrel with their conclusions,
although it more appropriately belongs to that
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. These appropriations
were not inserted without an examination and
without, as we supposed, good reason. We
i found in the regular estimates of appropria-
: tion that these three light-houses were called
i for by the Light-House Board ; one at Punta
j Arenas, California ; one at Cape Blanco, Ore-
' gon, and one at the Southwest Pass of the
[ Mississippi river. We had also, other infor-
I mation showing their necessity. General Poe,
who is in charge of this work, came to the
i committee personally and represented to the
committee strongly the necessity of these three
light-houses; and we acted upon that informa-
j tion. It is contained in the regular annual
estimates, pages 114 and 115. We also acted
upon the statements of General Poe, that these
three new light-houses were necessary. The
one at the Southwest Pass was appropriated
; for just before the war, but was not built on
account of the war, and is needed for the com-
J merce of the Mississippi.
t Mr. EDMUNDS. That one explains itself.
| Mr. SHERMAN. As for the one in Ore-
I gon the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
j who is not now in his seat, but is elsewhere
i engaged, vouched himself for the necessity of
it; and General Poe recommended strongly
that these two light-honses on the Pacific coast
be built. We thought the information was
sufficient. But if the Senator has examined
the subject more carefully, I have no objection
in striking out any item that he says is wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not examined it
at all. I am not opposed to it. I merely
wished to call the attention of the Senate to
the ccfhfusion which must necessarily arise in
the business being so conducted as to have
committees working at cross purposes. Now,
for all new erections, that is, for giving au-
thority for their establishment, either one com-
mittee or the other ought to have charge of
them so that they will act consistently and
harmoniously. It is exceedingly confusing,
if not something worse, to the transaction of
business to send over from the House one bill
which provides for several light-houses, not
appropriating money, but giving authority for
their construction at a certain limit, which
goes to one committee, and then sending over
another bill, which appropriately goes to
another committee, appropriating money for
those objects, with provisions in it which go
beyond that, and enter into the same inquiries
again. I have no fault to find with the action of
the Cbmmittee on Finance, because I dare say
it is according to the practice. But I do wish to
mention, for one, that it would be much more
satisfactory to me as a member of the Senate
that either one committee or the other, when
these subjects come here, should have the
whole charge of them so far as the authority
for building light-houses is concerned, so that
they might have the whole subject before them.
There is no sense in sending one half of this
inquiry to one committee and the other half
to another. I do not make any objection,
after these explanations, to these particular
items, because I have no reason to doubt, as
they were sent to us, that they are perfectly
correct. It only would be much more conven-
ient that the Committee on Finance should
have received all these subjects for considera-
