1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
tion than that the thing should have been split
up in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that perhaps
we are a great deal more strict than the rest of
the Seriate are about these matters. The Com-
mittee (in Finance never act upon any appropri-
ation until it is recommended from the proper
Department, and usually never act upon it
unless it is contained in the official estimates
referred to us by the Senate at the commence-
ment of the session. That is the case with
all these appropriations. I confess that all
new works and all new improvements ought to
go to other committees; and I think we rarely,
if ever, act upon them unless they come to us
in the ordinary course of reference. So far as
the light houses are concerned it has been
different. They are always estimated for by
the engineer department and sent with the
annual estimates to the Committee on Finance.
We take them up and examine them, and allow
such as we think the facts justify. As a mat-
ter of course we are compelled by the refer-
ence to consider them. In regard to all new
buildings they are always referred to the
appropriate committee, and never reported by
the Committee on Finance unless they are put
011 by a vote of the Senate, and by a report of a
committee of the Senate other than the Com-
mittee on Finance. That is the general rule
on which we act, and I think we are about as
particular and as strict as any other committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, to
insert after line two hundred and twenty-two:
For a new light-houso at Cape Blanco, Oregon,
$75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, lin 
two hundred and forty-nine, to strike out the
word "twenty" and to insert "seventy;" so
that the clause will read:
For continuing the work on the north portico of
the PateDt Office building, $75,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any Senator desires an
explanation of that amendment, I will give it;
but if it is not asked, I will not delay the Sen-
ate on a matter that they seem to take as a
matter of course.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, to
strike out lines two hundred and sixty and two
hundred and sixty-one in the words:
For a custom-house in Newport, Vermont, $10,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ifevery part of the coun-
try is to have a little benefit out of the Treas-
ury I do not see why Vermont should not
have. I presume there is some good reason
for this amendment; I should like to hear an
explanation of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Sena-
tor that on examining the bill we found no esti-
mate, no recommendation, and had no infor-
mation on the subject. There was nothing in
the official reports showing that a custom-house
was needed at this place, no estimate of its
cost, and I presume this was put in by way of
a rider in the House. We could not find out
anything about it. If the Senator has any offi-
cial information, or any information on which
we can act, I -have no objection to leaving it
in ; but there was nothing before us or in any-
official report sl owing the necessity of a cus-
tom-house at Newport, what it would cost,
where it ought to be built, whether grounds
have been purchased, or anything about it.
That is the explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If these appropriation
bills are to contain authority of law for build-
ing a structure in one section of the country,
then they may as well do so in another. My
friend from Ohio stated to me just now, in
answer to my inquiry about new light-houses
on the western coast, that one branch of his
information was from the Senator from Ore-
gon, whose personal knowledge was that the'lWout Island Pond is an entry station
light-house was required there.
Mr. SHERMAN. But also supported by
the nfticial documents and statements of the
proper engineer department, containing esti-
mates of its cost.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no special knowl-
edge of any estimates about this matter. I
only go upon the presumption that the House
of Representatives had something fit and proper
to act upon ; and I dare say an inquiry of the
House committee would have satisfied my fiiend
of the propriety of this measure. All I can
state is, that it is within my personal knowl-
edge that the state of business at Newport or
at Island Pond, which is close by there, at
either of those two places, particularly at New-
port, where there is a lake, as my friend may
know, which is'partly in Canada and partly in
Vermont, which is the medium of communi-
cation, that there is a very large amount of
business done there, and that it requires some-
thing besides paying high rents to accommo-
date the public business ; but I do not pretend
to know in detail how much it would cost,
because I have not been furnished with any
of the facts, going upon the presumption that
the House committee would furnish the com-
mittee of the Senate with whatever informa-
tion was desirable. I cannot, therefore, say
whether this sum is enough, or whether it is
too much. I cannot say whether ground has
been purchased. I presume it has not been,
because there was no authority of law, except
such as this bill provides, for the purchase of
ground or the making of the structure ; but I
do say that if appropriations of this kind for
light-houses and one thing and another are to
be put in, as they have been put into bills,
upon the personal statement of Senators from
the localities that they were required, then I
feel safe in saying upon my personal responsi-
bility that a modest sum like this could be
well expended for the public service there. 1
admit that this is a very unsafe ground to act
upon ; but if we go upon it in any instance
we can in this.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator certainly
does not want to misrepresent my position.
Mr. EDiKJNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not stated that in
any case we put an appropriation in this bill
on the representation of any Senator; I have
never done it upon my own or any one's rep-
resentation. We must have the official recom-
mendation of the proper executive office in
writing. We do not take a verbal statement
of even the President or the head of a Depart-
ment. We have always exacted an official rec-
ommendation containing an estimate and sat-
isfactory statement. Now, in regard to the
light-houses mentioned by the Senator: we
have, in the regular annual estimates furnished
to us, given the details, the necessity for them;
and then we took the pains in that case to ex-
amine the engineer in charge of the works as
to the necessity for them ; and that was cor-
roborated by the personal knowledge of the
Senator from Oregon, who is a member of the
committee. But here we have no information.
Tf the Senator himself can furnish us any evi-
dence, or if he states himself, upon his own
knowledge, that a custom-house is necessary
there, the Senate will probably act upon that
information; but the Committee on Finance
would not, because they have always required
official information in order to have an execu-
tive authority for the necessity of an appropria-
tion. We can find nothing, and there is noth-
ing, in the ordinary estimates about this custom-
house in Vermont.
Mr. GRTME.S. I will inquire of the Senator
from Vermont how far this town of Newport
is from Island Pond?
Mr. EDMUNDS. About twenty-five miles,
I should say.
Mr. GRIMES. According to my recollec-
tion, at the last session of Congress there was
an appropriation made for a custom-house at
Island Pond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dare say there was
the
Grand Trunk railroad, or whatever it is called
—the great Canadian railway from Montreal to
Portland. Newport is now at the terminus of
another railway from Boston to Montreal, at
this lake further west than Island Pond, which
nowreceives a very large amount of commerce,
and large amounts of duties are collected there.
I will not state, because I do not believe in this
notion of Senators overstating things for their
own localities, upon my own personal knowl-
edge that I know a custom-house is required
there at this expense. I will only state that
I believe it is. That is all I can say.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, line
two hundred and seventy-five, to insert the
word ''post" before the word " office."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line two hundred and eighty-nine, to insert the
following:
For repairs and alterations in the New York cus-
tom-hou-e, $30,000.
For furniture and repairs of the same, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line two hundred and ninety-three, to insert
the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase
thirty copies of the first nine volumes of the United
States Statutes-at-Large, $9-15.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line two hundred and ninety-six, to insert the
following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to adjust
and settle the accounts of James Tlitis for enumerat-
ing the inhabitants of the Territory of Montana,
uuder the direction of the Governor of said Terri-
tory, as authorized by the act of May 2G, 1864, enti-
tled "An act to provido a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana,*' the sum of $6,996, or 80
much thereof as ma> be neccssary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line three hundred and live, to insert the fol-
lowing :
For heating with steam the Supreme Court room.
Law Library, and the passages and stairways adja-
cent the court-room, and for other improvements and
repairs of said court-room, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, after
line three hundred and nine, to insert the fol-
lowing:
For the compensation of cisrht extra clerks of class
two in tho office of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, $11,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to offer the following
amendment, to come iu after the amendment
just adopted :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Lewis llevl, tor compiling statutes prescribing tho
rates of duties oil imports and making index to the
tarifFbil! now pending, S1.00O.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out lines three hundred
and ninety and three hundred and ninety-oce,
on page 17, in these words :
For compensation of laborer to take care of the
heating apparatus of the Library of Congress, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
three hundred and ninety-two and three hun-
dred and ninety-three, on page 17, as follows :
For compensation to three watchmen on the dome
of the Capitol, $2,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
four hundred and two and four hundred and
three, on page 17, in these words:
For erecting a new draw in the navy-yard bridge,
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat lines
four hundred and forty-one, four hundred and
forty-two. four hundred and forty-three, and
four hundred and forty-four, on page 19, as
follows:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library of
Congress to purchase the butt of Pulaski, now in tha
old Hall of the House of Representatives, executed
by the late Henry D. Saunders, $2,500.
The intendment was agreed to.
