1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
off, and makes, if you please to call it so, an
island; but. if the wall should give way in
freshets or in very high tides there would be
no island there. That island would be ftlmost
certain to escape under those circumstances,
be submerged, go into, solution, get washed
down to Cape May. It might be heard of
there, but not above. If, however, we take it
to be six hundred acres, and if we consider
the fact that that island of six hundred acres is
from three to four feet below low-water«nark,
the idea of filling it up so that it can be useful
for any purpose as a naval depot or naval sta-
tion and navy-yard, with an expenditure of
anything like $1,000,000, is perfectly prepos-
terous. In the letter which the gentleman
read the estimate was two feet and a fraction
of filling. It is greatly below the amount of
filling that the engineers report. They report
all the way from three to ten feet; some say
it would take from three to four feet; others
say from nine to t.en feet. And when the addi-
tional question of drainage comes into view it
is perfectly apparent that nine or ten ieet of
filling on that island will be as little as will
make it available for any useful purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. With the consent of the
Senator from Connecticut, I wish to move that
the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. FOSTER. I give way to allow the
motion to be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit the motion.
The motion was 'agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
PUBLIC PARK.
Mr. BROWN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds,* to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 549) for the
establishment and maintenance of a public park
in the District of Columbia, to report it with an
amendment and recommend its passage. I am
also instructed by the same committee to sub-
mit a communication from N. Michier, major
of engineers, addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
in relation to a suitable site lor a public park
and presidential Mansion, and to ask that it
he printed for the use of the Senate.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was going to observe
that if the committee are reporting plans for
architecture, probably it would be best tor us
to have an extra number printed, if the gen-
eral plan of the park is set forth.
Mr. BROWN. No; it is rather a descrip-
tion than otherwise of the ground. We tip not
think it is necessary to have any additional
numbers printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The cost will be very
little.
Mr. BROWN. I will inquire about it dur-
ing the evening.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 597) to amend an act entitled ''An act for
the disposal of the public lands for homestead
and actual settlement in the States of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Florida;'' which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
SURETIES OI' JAMES T. POLLOCK.
Mr. LANE. Wilh the permission of the
Senator who has the floor on the bill regularly
before the Senate, I should like to call up a
private bill in which I feel some interest, and
ask that it be passed. It is House bill No. 840.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain the motion only by unanimous
consent, there being another subject before
the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
• Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 840) for the relief of
tbe sureties of James 1. Pollock, late receivei
at Crawfordsville, Indiana. It proposes to
release Robert C. Gregory, Henry Crawford,
William Galey, and the other sureties of
James T. Pollock, late receiver at Crawfords-
ville, Indiana, by bond to the United States,
dated January 30, 1837, from their liability
arising from any defalcation, omission, or mis-
conduct oh his part as receiver, and it directs
the proper officer of the Treasury Department
to dismiss any and all suits that may have been
instituted and are now pending in favor of the
United States against them growing out of his
default.
Mr. LANE. I will explain the bill in one
moment. There is a full report from the House
of Representatives, made by Mr. Delano,
explaining all the facts. I am jjersonally ac-
quainted with all the facts stated in the memo-
rial and in tho report. It happened in my own
town thirty years ago. Colonel Pollock was
appointed receiver of public moneys at Craw-
ferdsville. He gave twenty securities upon
his bond. Seventeen out of the twenty securi-
ties have since died. It was found out, some
twenty-five years ago, that he was a defaulter to
the General Government. The Secretary of the
Treasury, under the then existing law, issued
a Treasury warrant and took possession of
property two or three times as much in amount
as would have paid the whole debt; but the
marshal of the State, in whose hands the war-
rant was, instead of levying upon the property,
delayed until it was squandered, and there was
a defalcation unsettled and unpaid. Some
twenty-two years ago Congress passed an act
releasing the marshal and his securities from
all liability. Now it is sought to recover the
amount from the original securities of the
receiver after a delay of thirty years and after
the death of all the securities but three. We
thiuk the Government lost^ any right to resort
to these securities by their laches, by their
delay, and from tho fact that they did not
appropriate the security which they had in
their hands. The bill passed the Committee
of Claims in the House unanimously; it passed
the House unanimously; it passed the Com-
mittee on Claims of this body ; and I am sat-
isfied that.it is perfectly just from beginning
to end.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to make one
remark before this bill passes. I do not intend
to oppose its passage. I do not assent to the
bill upon the ground upon wliich it was mainly
pressed in the House and before the Committee
on Claims. That ground was that the United
States had another sccuiity arising from the
default of the marshal; and, inasmuch as they
discharged the marshal from the payment of
the debt, these sureties ought to stand, cither
in law or in equity, discharged ; at all events,
that arising from that fact, there was some
obligation upon the United States to discharge
the original debtor or his sureties. Now, sir,
I think that is bad law and bad reason ; that
there is no ground whatever for the passage of
this bill arising from the fact which I have
mentioned. 1 think that if the United States
have two securities for the enforcement of a
pecuniary obligation, their failure to pursue
one of their remedies can have no effect what-
ever upon their right to pursue the other; and
that the original debtor and his sureties, being
utter strangers to the case as between the Uni-
ted States and her own officer, cannot plead
any action or any lenity exercised by the Gov-
ernment in regard to its own officer in dis-
charge of their obligation; that it will stand
unaffected altogether, either in law_ or in rea-
son, by any indulgence which the United States
may show in pressing against a defaulting offi-
cer the obligation which he may have incurred.
I vote for this claim upon a sort of equitable
principle of limitation. I think that where the
Government has stood by for a period of thirty
years, and has not enforced or attempted to
enforce its demand against the original debtors
for the period of thirty years, and when most
of the sureties are dead or have removed from
the place or have become insolvent, it would
be most unreasonable, perhaps inequitable and
unjust, to enforce the whole of the original
demand against the few sureties who remain
alive; and not only to enforce the original de-
mand,"but the accumulations of interest, mak-
ing the debt three times what it was originally.
In a case of this kind, after the lapse of a quar-
ter of a century, when the Government has not
pursued its remedy, when it has not enforced
its demands, when the circumstances of the
parties have changed, and when the obligation
of the few sureties who are still responsible is
increased fifteen or twenty fold by the delay of
the Government, it would be inequitable and
improper for the Government to enforce the
demand.
I speak on this subject because I apprehend
that in other cases hereafter before the Com-
mittee on Claims and before the Senate the
passage of this bill may be quoted as a prece-
dent, and it may be insisted that inasmuch as
we have discharged these sureties, and one of
the grounds for such discharge alleged before
us and pressed upon our attention was that we
had discharged the officer, therefore in. other
cases we are to pass bills upon similar princi-
ples. I vote for the bill on the other ground
I have stated.
The bill was reported to the Seuate without
amendment, ordered, to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DEMPSEY ItTOECK.
Mr. 11AMSEY. There is a small resolution
reported by tbe Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, for the relief of Dempsey Reece,
of Indiana, which I hope the Senate will take
up and pass at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerks
are unable to find the resolution referred to.
Mr. BAMSEY. While they are searching
for it I will endeavor to explain it as well as I
can. This man. Dempsey Reece, is a citizen
of Indiana, an illiterate man, which is an ex-
traordinary thing in that State, who bid for
carrying the mail on one of tho mail routes of
(hat State, lie bid $000 for it; but he had to
employ some one else to make up his bid and
that person made a mistake and made it read
£300. The next lowest bid was $800, which
itself is evidence that $300 was a mistake.
The Post Office Department are satisfied that
it was a mistake. He has been carrying this
mail for several years at a great sacrifice,
and the proposition now is to release him.
The Post Office Department recommend that
tho route be relet, and after being relet that
he be released. It is very evidently a mis-
take. There is among the papers, I believe,
the affidavit of the party who drew up the-bid
for him stating that it was a mistake. He has
been carrying the mails for several years. He
is an honest man, and very poor, and has been
endeavoring to carry out his contract at a great
sacrifice. . . .
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 150) for the relief of Dempsey
Iteece, of Indiana, was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It requires the Postmaster General to receive
proposals for carrying the United States mail
on route No. 120G8, between Newcastle and
Mechanicsburg, in the State of Indiana; and
when such bid shall be accepted, Dempsey
Keece, tbe present contractor, is to be dis-
charged from any farther performance of lus
contract.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading) read the third
time, and passed.
KUFUS C. SPALDING.
Mr. WADE'. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to theconsideration of House bill No.
The motion was agreed to and the benate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 843) for the re-
lief of Rufus C. Spalding, paymaster in the
United States Navy. It requires the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts
I of Rufus C, Spalding, as paymaster m the
