1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOSE
February 27,
The next amendment was to strike out HfreS
four hundred and fifty, four hundred and fifty-
one, four hundred and fifty-two, four hundred
and fifty-three, four hundred and fifty-four,
four hundred and fifty-five, and four hundred
and tifty-pix, on pages 19 and 20, in these
words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Senate
or the United States shall elect a Superintendent ot'
l\iblie Buildings, who shall hold bis oGico lor the
lerm of four years, and until his successor is elected,
and shall perform all the dirties nnvr required to be
performed by the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and the office of Commissioner of Public Buildings is
hereby abolished.
Mr. WADE. I hope the section will not be
stricken out. I think the Senate ought to have
the control of that business. There is a separate
bill pending for the same purpose, but I pre-
sume at this stage of the session there will not
be time to pass it. I hope this section will not
be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that it will
have to be stricken out here at any rate. It is
stuck into the body of the first section at.1! cuts
off all the other appropriations in the bill. If
the section remains where it is, the appropria-
tions which follow it will have to be put into a
separate section. This provision is certainly
put in a very improper place, and if Senators
are in favor of the object of the section they
will have to put it in another part of the bill.
A mere transposition, however, will correct
that. Aside from that there is this difficulty
about it: the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings has charge not only of the Capitol, but the
President's House and grounds; he has free
access to them; he appoints the subordinates
there, the messengers, and the employes about
the President's House and grounds; by the
custom of society here he is the gentleman
who presents visitors to the ladies of the house-
hold. He is the man of all others whom the
President ought to have the power to appoint,
because he is there brought in daily contact
with him. The same reason for which my col-
league thinks the Senate ought to have the con-
trol of the person in charge of the public build-
ings would require that the appointment
should be in the hands of the President. To
take from the President the power to appoint
"the person who has charge of his house, to ap-
point his subordinates to attend to it, it seems
to me is not exactly right, and if it is to be
done I hope it will not be done in a general ap-
propriation bill. The Committee on Finance
thought it was a very improper place to put it.
Not only that, but the committee thought, such
an officer ought to be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States.
I know that the present Commissioner of
Public Buildings is obnoxious to the Senate,
and my own impression is—though I dislike to
gay it in regard to any officer—that he is not
the kind of a man who has energy sufficient to
manage the expenditure of very large sums,
such as we appropriate and place under his
charge, and that he sometimes does not do his
work with sufficient care and economy. That
m my opinion; and I think the President could
find a better man. At the same time I would
not take away from the President of the Uni-
ted States the power to appoint this particular
officer, and I do not think it ought to be done.
He is one of those officers that the President
ought to have control of. Senators must reflect,
in what a position we shall place ourselves if
we say that the man who nas charge of the
President's House and grounds shall not be
appointed by the President.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me inquire of the Sena-
tor from Ohio whether the present Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings is not the officer
who has the expenditure of the appropriations
of money ou the streets of this city and for
lighting the streets?
Mr. SHERMAN. He is.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will see, if
he looks in the report of that officer during the
last fiscal year, that he expended about thirty-
three thousand dollars by way of improving
the streets of the city of Washington, and I
should lik<-; to inquire of the Senator whether
he hus observed any very striking evidences of
the improvement of the streets of this city,
such at least as would be likely to absorb any-
thing like that sum of money? I have seen
no evidence of it, [ must confess.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not here to praise
the gentleman who has charge of this duty.
He disburses several times $30,000.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not know what is the
effect of the amendment which is now pending
before the Senate; but I wish to know whether
the effect of it is to repeal out of office the
present Superintendent of Public Buildings
and Grounds ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be the effect
of the section.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote for it then
most distinctly and cheerfully.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance are certainly opposed to its being in-
serted here. It must be transposed, as every
Senator will see, and not put into the body of
the general appropriations in the first sectioifi
It will have to be transposed any how. But
I appeal to the Senate, not merely in order to
strike at an obnoxious man, to attempt to exer-
cise in an appropriation bill a doubtful legis-
lative power, to legislate one man out of
office and somebody else in. What right has
the Senate of the United States to appoint
officers? Where is the constitutional power?
It no doubt has the right to appoint an officer
of the Senate or perhaps officers of Congress.
The two Houses perhaps may authorize the
Senate to appoint an officer of Congress. But
this man not only has charge of our Capitol,
but of all the public buildings in this city, the
Executive Departments and the President's
House, and he is obliged, in the ordinary dis-
charge of his duties, to be in daily relations
with the President. I would not deprive the
President, whoever he may be, of the power
of appointing such an officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from Ohio a question. I should like to inquire
of him—for I really have not looked into this
subject—whether he has any doubt of the
authority of Congress to appoint an officer, if
you call him an officer, to take charge of this
Capitol?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, but I think it would
be a violation of the spirit of the Constitu-
tion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. To do that?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, not to do that; but
after you have clothed an officer with that
power which you have a right to do, then under
color of that to throw upon him other duties
which connect him directly with the executive
department of the Government and make him
a public officer, that would be a violation of
the Constitution. He has to give bonds for
the disbursement of money. You may appoint
your messengers and employes and persons to
take charge of the Capitol; you may appoint
persons to take charge qf the Senate Chamber;
you may say that the Commissioner of Public
Buildings shall have nothing to do with the
Capitol, and you may appoint some one else to
take care of this building and the grounds about
it; but it seems to me you cannot under color
of that power give a person so appointed by
you the right to control the President's house
and the Executive Departments. He then
becomes an officer of the United States, and
not merely an officer of Congress or of the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. I do not know exactly the
extent of the powers of this officer; but I do
know that he has the control of this building,
and I believe he has the appointment of the
police force that are the guardians of this
building and of the Senate and the House of
Representatives. If it should ever happen
hereafter that there should be any disagree-
ment between the President and the Congress
of the United States I think there would be
quite as much propriety in our holding this
power in our own hands as there would be in
giving to any other authority that might be
hostile and possibly become dangerous to ns.
I think we should not, ufider present circum-
stances, or indeed under any circumstances,
entirely surrender the control of this building
and all that pertains to it to any other depart-
ment of the Government. There seems to mq
to be a special propriety in our retaining con-
trol over the building and over the force that
is to be the guardian of the building and all
that concerns it. If there is a necessity for
making choice between conferring such power
on the President and retaining it in our own
hands, I am inclined to apply the rule of Lord
Coke; I think we had better enlarge our own
, jurisdiction rather than diminish it by confer-
ring it upon somebody else. I think the con-
trol of this building has been in the hands of
| the Commissioner of Public Buildings long
enough. He is far removed from us; his
doings are removed from us. I think the per-
son in charge of this building should be under
! our control. Perhaps it may be necessary
hereafter to have a separate person in charge
i of this building, but in the mean time I hope
I Congress will keep in its own hands the power
i over the subject, and that this section will not
i be stricken out of the bill. If it is misplaced
j it can be readily put in some other part of the
j bill. I have no objection to that being done;
| but I hope the substance of the provision will
I be retained, and that we shall have an officer
1 of our own selection to preside over our own
concerns.
Mr. SUMNER. It is immaterial to me
where in the bill this section appears, whether
in the beginning, middle, or end ; but I hope
that the Senate will not strike it out. The
House of Representatives have put it there,
and I believe for good reason. If I under-
stood the Senator from Ohio over the way,
[Mr. Sherman,] he argued that we should not
appoint a man to go into the President's house;
and yet, if I understood the Senator, he was
willing that the President should appoint a
man to come into our house. What is the dif-
ference? If we cannot appoint a man to <rc
into the President's house, pray why should
he appoint a man to come into ouis?
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of my
friend from Massachusetts, I will answer his
question now. Ordinarily the same officer
might take charge of both Houses; but if the
President and Congress get so much incensed
at each other that Congress thinks the officer
who has charge of the public buildings gener-
ally must be appointed by Congress, I think it
is time for us to separate the duties and make
two offices out of the one. If we cannot allow
a man appointed by the President to come here
and discharge the ordinary functions of our
waiter, we had better elect one to take care of
this building and give the President another to
take care of his.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is something
much better than that, and if ray friend thinks
about it a second time I believe he will see
that there is something better than that; and
it is for Congress to take the whole power.
Congress represents the people of the United
States. Let us take the power, then, since cir-
cumstances have shown the necessity for it, of
taking care of our own building ; and since this
building here is the most important in the
national capital, let the care of it carry with it
the care of the other public buildings. The
house of the President is a very small house.
What is that beside this great house of the
people, which is one of the great structures of
the world? Surely we ought to determine who
should look after it; and whoever looks after
this house ought to look after the President's
house. The President's house is but the inci-
dent to the Capitol. If we were in other times,
1 it days were tranquil, and if there was an occu-
j pant in the President's house in whom we could
, have any confidence, this question would not
| he raised. But we have to meet it precisely
jjjiecause there is a President now in whom wa
can have no confidence. We can pl;K-e mi
trust in him, and we must not allow him to
appoint our officers. We already at every cor-
ner find the disadvantage of it. I am for
