1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Navy of the United States, to cause'him to fee
credited with the sum of $14,563 73, being the
sum-of money stolen from the Government safe
at the naval station at Mound City, Illinois, on
the nightof the 21stof December, 1865, which
sum stands charged to his account as United
States paymaster ^t that naval station; but
nothing in this bill is to be. so construed as to
exempt from official or personal liability, or
upon his bond, Assistant Paymaster J. S.
Harvey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the honorable
Senator from Ohio to give some explanation
of that bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I can explain that.
Mr. WADE. Very well; the Senator from
Iowa will explain it better and quicker than I
can.
Mr. GRIMES. There were two paymasters
belonging to the Navy of the United States
stationed at Mound City. The Government
furnished them a safe, which was used by them
in common. The senior paymaster was the
gentleman for whose relief this bill is now
proposed to be passed. Eacli of them had a
key to the safe. The other paymaster, whose
name is mentioned in the last clause and for
whom there is an express clause of exclusion
that this bill shall not apply to his benefit, put
his key in a drawer, where it was discovered
by somebody, who took it out, and used it,
entered the safe and took out the money that
had been intrusted by the United States Gov-
ernment to Spalding. The loss was not occa-
sioned, as was found by the Navy Department,
by a board of inquiry of naval officers appointed
to investigate it, and as was found by both the
Naval Committees, through any negleet or
laches of any description on the part of Spal-
ding, but on account of the carelessness of
another person who had a duplicate key of the
safe. The money that was taken happened to
be the money intrusted to Spalding. He had
no place to keep it except this safe which had
been furnished  y the Government.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
L15A0UE ISLAND.
Mr. GRIMES. I now call for the regular
order of the evening.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow us to act upon one or two little bills.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we had bettor go on
with the regular business.
Mr. SUMNER. One or two little bills that
the Senator will not be against.
Mr. GRIMES. I am against anything now
exccpt League Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The bill (H. R. No. 452) to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to accept
League Island, in the Delaware river, for naval
purposes, is now before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. It happened to be my for-
tune or misfortune to be on the floor at the
time the recess was taken. According to usage,
therefore, I suppose I am entitled to the floor
when this subject is resumed. I do not know
what the purpose of the Senate is in regard to
sitting this evening. I notice there is not a
quorum present. If it is merely to sit for a
few moments, I do not care about occupying
their time at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume there will be a
quorum here shortly.
Mr. FOSTER. If it is understood that the
debate is to be continued, of course I am will-
ing to take my share of occupying the time.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of some of the
bills on the Calendar, to which there is no
objection, for a few minutes at least, until
there shall be a quorum. I hope the Senator
from Iowa will relax a little of his rigor.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied there will be
a quorum here in a few minutes, and the de-
bate may as well go on upon this question.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that we proceed
with some of the business on the Calendar until
a quorum appears. - >
Mr. GRIMES. It is not near as necessary
that there should be a quorum here to hear
gentlemen make speeches as it is that there
should be a quorum here to transact business.
The Constitution and the laws and our rules
require that there shall be a quorum here when
we transact business; but there is no such re-
quirement as that in regard to speech-making.
Mr. SUMNER. I can understand why the
Senator from Iowa should be glad there is not
a quorum present to listen to the Senator from
Connecticut, because the Senator from Iowa, I
know, is against the Senator from Connecticut
on this question, and he naturally would like
to have a thin Senate, so as not to be impressed
by the arguments of the Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 trust the Senator will not
attribute the motives which govern him to his
associates in the Senate. I nave given no evi-
dence of being influenced by any such consid-
eration as that, I trust.
Mr. FOSTER. I am perfectly willing to go
on as far as I am concerned if it is understood
that other gentlemen take their chances, too. I
am not so ambitious of speaking as to speak to
a body that cannot do business unless other
gentlemen also take the same fate. If they do,
I am content to go on and speak, or attempt to
give my ideas, to a body that cannot transact
business, cannot pass a vote. I do not wish to
do it, however, unless other gentlemen are also
prepared to do it and will go on with the de-
bate. I do not think it is fair to one side of
the question that the debate should go on on
that side without a quorum and then adjourn,
and go on with the debate in the presence of
a quorum on the other side of the question.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as I have anything
to say, I would just as lief say it when there
are a few hero as at any other time, because I
do not flatter myself that any argument or any
eloquence 1 may bo able to use is going to in-
fluence a great many votes on this or any other
subject; and I think I can speak for other gen-
tlemen who entertain the same views that I do
on the subject now under consideration. They
are jnst as willing to discuss it now as at any
other time. This bill has got to be considered,
and wo have got to get through the discussion,
and I trust pass it, and I hope it will be passed
before we adjourn to-night. If we do not, it
will not be because I am willing to adjourn
before it is passed.
Mr. FOSTER. If it be understood that the
honorable Senator from Iowa and the honora-
ble Senator from New Jersey, who, I under-
stand, are intending to give us the benefit of
their views at some length, are to go on this
evening, I am perfectly content to go on now
and make my remarks as briefly as possible, in
order that the Senate may be more pleasantly
entertained by heading them than me.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not understood that
the Senator from Iowa is going to make re-
marks of any length that I know of. I am not
conscious of it.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I did not mean
to pledge the Senator, but I had supposed he
was intending to address the Senate.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut that the Senator from
New Jersey—I suppose he alludes to me—does
not intend to speak at very great length on this
question; but having lived all his life in the
immediate vicinity of this island ho is disposed
to offer a very few observations, and will very
cheerfully follow the gentleman, and at some
time during the evening will say what he has
to say on the subject.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose we might as well
test the question whether there is a quorum
present, and for that purpose I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CRESWELL. If there is no quorum
present I suppose I can call up a bill that
will occupy but a few mom«nt.s.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. r The motion
to adjourn is not debatable. The Senator
from Connecticut moves an adjournment.
-Mr. GRIMES. This sort of business I am
not going to submit to. I suppose the design
is to put this bill off so that it cannot ba passed
at this session.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is not my motive.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that.
Mr. DIXON. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I insist on the' busi-
ness of the evening.
Mr/ CRESWELL. With the consent of
the Senate I desire to call up a bill that will
occupy but a moment.
Mt. GRIMES. I object;
Mr. SUMNER. I move that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Does he give way to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts? „
Mr. FOSTER. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate post-
pone the consideration of the pending and all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 457, for the relief of Hiram
Paulding, rear admiral in the United States
Navy.
Mr; GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Was that bill reported
from the Naval Committee?
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What committee is it
from?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 14; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Dixon, Foster, Fowler, Howard,
MoDougall. Poland, Ramsey. Sumner, Trumbull, and
Wftde-10.'
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattoll, Cres-
well, Davis, Fessenden. Grimes, Hendricks, Howe,
Lane, Morrill, Patterson, Willey. and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Canness,
Cowan, Cragin, Doolittle. Edmunds, Foggr, Freling-
huyson. Guthrie. Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Rid-
dle, Itoss.Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van
Winkle, Williams, and Yates—26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
discloses the absence of a quorum.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
.. The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and stated that he was unable to decide.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; withdraw the
call.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the call.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 13; as follows:
YE AS — Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Davis, Dixon.
Foster. Fowler, Grimes, Howe, Morrill, Ramsey, and
Trumbull—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattcll, Chandler, Fes-
senden, Howard. Lane, McDougall, Patterson, Po-
land, Sumner, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Doolittl e, Edmunds. Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Guth-
rie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan,
ICirkwood, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Iloss, Saulsbury, Snerman, Spraguo, Stewart, Van
Winkle, Williams, and Yates—28.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but the vote still discloses
the absence of a quorum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate take a ri-cess for fifteen minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to remark that that
cannot be done unless there is a quorum pres-
ent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair the motion cannot be enter-
tained in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A motion having inter-
vened, I trust the Senate will now adjourn.
It seems to me to be useless to be sitting here
in this way. I move to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the potion !
made is in order. It is not legislative busi-
ness.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
