1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
of my friend from Indiana, shall we hot be in-
volved in this trouble ? I see the'dlfficulty that
he desires to guard against, and I should like
to do it. We might do it either by providing
in all cases who shall succeed an officer in the
event of' hid death or resignation or vacation of
the office, or we might do it by allowing the
President to fill that office. If I believed that
the President would do it and act in concert
with the'Senate, that he would regard the de-
liberate judgment of the Senate, and in each
case where we rejected one appointmeut would
select another person and send his name in,
then in case there was not before the adjourn-
ment a concurrence between the President and
the Senate, after a reasonable and fair effort to
produce such concurrence, I should be willing
to allow the Presidentto till the vacancy on the
adjournment of the Senate until the close of
the next session; but when it appears that
there is a disposition to disregard and utterly
ignore the action of the Senate in the matter i
of appointments, I am not disposed to do it. i
It is true, we may bring upon the American :
people some difficulty by vacating offices whose ,
continued existence is important to the revenue :
and the public service; but in the language of j
the Senator from New Jersey, it would be bet- .
ter that the people of the Unit®! States should i
submit to this temporary inconvenience than !
that the power of the Senate over appointments
should be entirely overthrown. The concur- ,
rence of the President and the Senate is essen- j
tial to the making of any officers above those |
regarded as inferior by the' Constitution. The i
Constitution so emphatically declares. We i
cannot act upon a construction of the Consti-
tution which places this great political power ;
in the hands of the President atone, but must
construe the Constitution and must legislate so
as to give full etfcct to the Constitution by divid-
ing this enormous power between the Senate
of the United States and the President of the
United States. I shall not therefore, under the
circumstances by which we are surrounded,
vote to strike out this clause, because I believe
that the temporary inconvenience of having
offices not filled for a time is far less than the
danger from the unlimited power of the Execu-
tive over all the offices of the United States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose it would be convenient and proper early I
in the debate to have the views of one or more I
members of the committee who reported this
bill. I observe that the Senator from Vermont, [
[Mr. Bdmuxds,] chairman of the Senate branch '
of the Committee on Retrenchment, isnotpres- i
ent this morning, and our colleague, the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] is. Now, j
sir, I would propose to the Senator from Indi- !
ana that he withdraw his amendment for the
present, allowing the debate to go on upon the
general questions involved in the bill without
being embarrassed by the particular consider-
ations conuected with his amendment. Cer-
tainly he can renew it afterward. For my own
parti shall be very glad to hear either the Sen- j
ator from Oregon or the Senator from Vermont
upon this general subject. -I have reflected
upon it sufficiently to become interested in it;
I have formed some convictions upon particu-
lar points, while upon others my mind is still
open to conviction under the influence of de-
bate. I propose, then, to my friend from Indi-
ana that he allow the debate to take place on
the general questions involved in the bill with-
out being confined to the particular proposition
offered by himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania is entirely agree-
able to ma, I simply, before there is a vote on
the bill, desire a vote on this proposition, and
with the assent of the Senate will withdraw the
amendment for the present that the debate may
take place upon the bill generally. Perhaps
that debate will touch the questions involved
in this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered upon the amend-
ment, and it can be withdrawn only by the
unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there
any objection ? No objection being made, the
amendment is ■withdrawn, and the question
now is : Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. IIO WE. I move to amend the pending
amendment in the fourth line of the third sec-
tion by striking out the words expiration of
term of office or other lawful cause." The
Senate will notice that the first section in effect
continues all persons in office until the suc-
cessor shall be appointed and qualified. So that
if we do not insert any language to control
that, there will be no vacancies occurring in
the recess of the Senate. The only effect of
keeping these words in is to create vacancies.
Without them you will have no offices expiring
during the recess.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to amend the
same section in the ninth line bv inserting after
the word "Senate" the words :
Or if no appointment, by and with tho adviec and
consent of the Senate, shall be made to any office the
term of which shall expire during any session of the
Senate before the expiration of that session.
So that the clause will read:
And if no appointment, by and with the arl\-ice
and consentof the Senate, shall bemadetosuchofnce
so vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid, during
such next session of the Senate or i# no appointment
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate
shall be-made to any office the term of which shnll
expire during any session of the Senate before the
expiration of that session, such office shall remain in
abeyance, without any salary, fees, or emoluments
attached thereto, &c.
I will say in explanation what my purpose is.
It has sometimes happened that offices the
terms of which have expired during a session
of the Senate, have not been filled during that
session, but have been treated after the adjourn-
ment of the session as vacancies happening
during the recess, and have been filled by com-
mission ; and the purpose of this amendment
is to require these offices to be filled before the
adjournment of the session, or to place them
under the provisions of the section with refer-
enCe 
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. COWAN. Suppose they are not filled;
that has always been the trouble heretofore.
There is only one of two courses to pursue:
either a perpetual session of the Senate, or to
run the hazard of having the office vacant
until the Senate meets.
Mr. HOWE. That does not apply in refer-
ence to this case, whatever might be the incon-
venience happening from the other class of
cases. If the President does not fill this office
during the session of the Senate, undoubtedly
the oiil incumbent will continue to hold.
Mr. COWAN. The trouble is. the old incum-
bent may be utterly unfit to hold. Everybody
may desire that he should be removed. _ He
may be a defaulter ; he may have committed
frauds in the execution of his office ; and then
the question arises whether there is any power
in the Government to fill that office, or shall
the office go unfilled and the public suffer ?_ I
think this is an attempt to cure a mischief which
from the nature of things is not curable. ^ See
what Story says about it; and here is the foun-
dation upon which we have always heretofore
acted. I am not prepared to say that it is not
free from difficulty, not free from mischief.
There is no part of the administration^ of the
Government that is free entirely from mischief,
or can' be. Rut the question is whether this
can be removed without creating a greater one.
These difficulties exist everywhere. Nobody
in the world will join gentlemen more heartily
than I will if any way can be devised by which
the offices are not to be converted into political
spoils and plunder. If that can be done. I will
join with anybody heartily in it; but here is
what Story says with regard to the propriety of
this grant of power to the President:
" The propriety of this grant is so obvious that it
can require no elucidation. 'I'hero was but one ot
two comics to be adopted—either that tho Senate
should be perpetually in session in order to provide
for tho appointment of officers, or that the President
should be authorized to make temporary appoint-
ments during- the recess, which should expire when
the Senate should have had an opportunity to act
upon the subject."
That was the best thing that could bedevised,
A very fine point arose as to what recess the
vacancy should happen in. If there is any
reason why the President should have the right
during the recess to appoint for a vacancy hap-
pening in that recess, is not the same reason
equally potent why he should have the right to
appoint to a vacancy happening in the next
recess? ! perfectly agree that if the Senate
once decide upon the appointment of an officer,
the President makes an appointment to the
Senate and he is rejected, If he be afterward
reappointed to that same office, it is against
the spirit of the Constitution ; bat certainly the .
contrary for the last thirty-five years has been
always held. Ever since the time of General
Jackson it has been admitted that a man re-
jected by the Senate for the same office might
be reappointed afterward and it was good;
but that you can prevent the ..President from
filling the vacancies occurring in any recess or
at any time when the Senate is not in session is
simply to say that you can abolish the office
altogether, which I think ought not to be, and
I think it is clearly contrary to the spirit of the
Constitution, and as certainly clearly opposed
to the practice of the Government for seventy-
five years.
I have only to reply to what is said by tho
honorable Senator from Ohio when he declares
that I threatened revolution, that I threatened
no such thing. I deprecate revolution. I
protest against revolution. I stated distinctly
that in these excited and troubled times, when
the passions of men were heated to the highest
point and when factious prejudices and hatreds
were in existence so rife, this was not the time
to experiment in this way. and that it would be
a great deal better for us to put up with the
ills which we now know of than to adventure
ourselves upon others as yet unknown. I
would rather, for my own part, if I were a
member of the dominant party here, wait for
two years for a chance to have the control of
the offices, if I wanted to control them, than
that I would disturb any well-settled principle
of the Government now. I am not only not
in favor of revolution, Mr. President, but I
am of the opinion that anything is better than
revolution and better than war—anything at
all. I would submit to any kind ofmisgov-
ernment, any kind of maladministration, and
trust to time and the good sense of the people
in time, when they have suffered from the
calamities of such misgovernment and malad-
ministration, to correct it peacefully, as it was
intended our difficulties should be corrected,
through the medium of amendments to our
Constitution and alterations in our laws. But
in these times, when it is impossible to deny
that the minds of men are in a state of great
agitation, I'think this is not the proper period
to adventure ourselves upon an experiment of
this kind. I think we had better stand upon,
the decisions until there is greater quiet.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish to say
to my friend from Pennsylvania that I sympa-
I thize most heartily with him in his hostility to
revolution, but I want to assure him that I do
not share at all in his apprehension of revolu-
tion. I want lo point him to the valid and
reliable security we have against revolution
growing out of these measures, and itis in the
acknowledged constitutional fact that legisla-
tion is a very different thing from revolution.
We are legislating, and legislation is not revo-
lution, and cannot be.
I want to add to that this simple remaik,
that legislation, under our form of government,
can be no possible excuse for revolution, either
made or threatened, for all legislation consists
in the passing of act" by a deliberative body,
and those acts are of two general kinds, either
valid or invalid, and there can_ be no excuse
for resorting to revolution against an invalid
act because it has no force: and there is no
justification or excuse for resorting to revohi'
