1:867.
TW1 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,14r. HENDRICKS. To take a recess for
fifteen minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion
except a motion to send for absent mem-
bers or a motion to adjourn is in order, and a
motion to adjourn has been made and is in
order.
Mr. McDOUGAL'L. I call forthe yeas and
nays.
The yeas andtjjays were ordered; and beitig
token, resulted—yeas 7, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Foster, Fowler, Mqr-
ril). Sumner, and Trumbull—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Creswell, Fessendon, Grimes. Hend-
ricks, Howard, Lane, MeDopgall, Patterson, Poland,
Ramsey, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Doo-
Uttle. Edmunds, Fogg, Frelinghuyson,Guthrie, Har-
ris, Henderson, JtCowe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan,
Nesmith, Norton, Nyo, Pumeroy, Riddle. Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wil-
Siam.-N a-nd Yates—27,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but -the vote still discloses
the absence of a quorum.
Mr. CRESWELL. By w-ay of varying the
proceedings, I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 251.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No business
can be done in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. CRESWELL. Now I suppose a motion
to adjourn at least is in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps we have tried
as far as we can to get a quorum to go on with
business. I do not want to sit here just for the
fun of the thing; and I therefore move thatthe
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 13, 1867.
Tlx; House mot at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
fey the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
wisconsin railroad land grant.
Mr. McINDOE presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
praying for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the Green Bay and Lake Pepin
railway ; which was referred to the Committee
•on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
importation ok i hon.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for reference
to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Jlesohed, That it is incompatible with the policy
•of the protective -system of the United States and
detrimental to the industrial interests of the country
to admit under any pretext whatever, free of duty,
foreign iron, whether manufactured for railroad pur-
poses or otherwise.
Mr. GLOSSBHENNER. I object.
personal explanation.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to state that I was
necessarily absent yesterday when the vote was
taken upon the passage of the bill in relation
to Louisiana. At the proper time I shall ask
permission to record my vote in the negative
on that bill
laws of montana.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
•copy of the laws of Montana Territory ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
revenue in maryland
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the House
of the 2d instant, relative to the amount of
revenue collections in Baltimore city and the
several counties of Maryland, during the years
1864 and 1805, from all sources, except duties
on imports ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
admission of colorado.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a telegram from Denver, Colorado ; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 7G.
The telegram is as follows:
Dexveb, Colorado, February 12,1867.
To the President of the United States Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives :
A large and enthusiastic mass meeting this even-
ing unanimously adopted the following preamble and
resolutions:
Whereas it has been falsoly reported to Congress
by interested parties that a.majority of the people of
Colorado are opposed to Stato organization: and
whereas the samo unscrupulous parties have misrep-
resented our Territory and people in many other
ways by depreciating our wealth and prosperity and
falsifying our actual population; now, therefore, we,
the Union men of Arrapaho county, and many from
other portions .of the Territory, in masts convention
assembled, do adopt the following:
Resolved, That to our cortain knowledge the pao-
ple of Colorado are very lurgoly in favor of State
organization.
Resolved, That we most respectfully and urgently
urge upon Congress the passage of the bill for our
admission as a State, recently vetoed by the Presi-
dent.
Itesolved, That wo pledgo the faith of tho great
national Union party wo represent for the prompt
acceptance of its conditions and tho ratification of
tho constitutionalamondment proposed by Congress.
Resolved, That the president of this mooting be
directed to telegraph these resolutions to the President
of tho United States Senate, and the Spoakor of the
House of Representatives, with a. request to lay them
before the respective Houses of Congress.
AMOS STUCK, President.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles ; which were thereupon signed by
the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 840) for the relief of the
sureties of James 'J1. Pollock, late receiver at
Crawfordsvijle, Indiana; and
An act (11. R. No. 8 US) for the relief of Ru-
fus C. Spalding, paymaster in the United States
N avy.
government of insurrectionary states.
The House resumed as the next business in
order the consideration of House bill No. 1143,
to provide a more efficient government for the
States lately in insurrection, upon which Mr.
Van Horn, of New York, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr. Speak-
er, theories are all very well. Wc may have
plans in relation to reconstruction as with ref-
erence to other matters of public interest, but
if not put into practical operation and made
efficient in results they accomplish little else
than to attract attention for the moment anil
remove us from practical results. Forsome time
past 1 have rather adopted the idea that it
would be as well, if not better, to allow this
Congress to expire before acting directly and
positively upon the question of reconstruction ;
that as the Fortieth Congress was elected ex-
pressly upon the issue made up between the
executive and legislative branches of the Gov-
ernment, and as the people had decided the
issue so positively and undeniably in favor of
the policy and purposes of Congress, and in
addition had expressed their wish and determ-
ination that their representatives should con-
trol the question of the restoration of the States
lately in rebellion so far as it legitimately be-
longed to them ; to adopt such measures in
addition to what had already been presented
and indorsed by them as would in their judg-
ment secure the grand result sought to be
accomplished, that it might be as well to leave
tjie work to be finished by the next Congress.
I had come to this conclusion for the follow-
ing among other reasons : I desired to take
from any one, friend or foe, loyal or disloyal,
any complaint that we had acted hastily and
not given a sufficient time for reflection and the
second sober thought to take possession of the
people lately in rebellion, and still very far
from being our friends. I have been anxious,
when the period for more postive action should
arrive and more radical measures were de-
manded by every consideration of humanity,
justice, and patriotism, and a regard for the
vows we have all made to the Great Ruler to be
just, and do justice, as I have for a long time
been convinced, and as now the whole country
must be convinced, that that period, if not
-already upon us, is near at .hand, that there
should not be a voice raised against such action
or measures, but that with united action we
might go forward, beginning at the bottom,.and
plant governments in those States upon the
su-M-fouirdations of unconditional loyajty, and
j:lace thom where they will ever remain, in the
faithful hands .of the friends of the Govern-
.ment and impartial liberty. I have not been
opposed, so to speak, to action at any time
since we began this session, hut have of the
two thought it advisable that we should take
the course I have suggested.
But, sir, upon a careful survey .of the whole
field of operations, in view of my responsibili-
ties to my country, knowing, too, as I do full
well tho one great and inspiring idea or thought
that lifts the loyal people I represent above all
time-serving considerations and attaches them
with an unyielding purpose to their country,
for t hose interests and salvation they have
yielded up their choicest idols and surrendered
their very household gods, making their hearth-
stones a desolation and filling their happy homes
with wailing and woe; in view, too, of the sad
condition of affairs all over the South, and es-
pecially in some portions of it, disorder, pro-
scription social and political, ruin, treason
and death reigning supreme, with little or no
love for the Government that has crushed the
rebellion, it is true, but which deals gently and
generously with its enemies ; with a fixed de-
termination on the part of those lately in rebel-
lion and still in power to tho exclusion of the
loyal, to make their rebellion honorable before
the country and the world, and forever fix upon
the faithful friends of the Government the badge
of dishonor and treason; with the sure and
certain prospect of such a result being brought
about if the present stato of things be allowed
to continue, which in the end must result in the
overthrow of our Government and institutions,
or such oppressions and misrule be wiped out;
in view, lastly, of the solemn vows the nation has
taken upon itself in the hour of its sorest trial,
when its fate was trembling in tho oven bal-
ance, that it would be faithful to the sacred
trusts of humanity, liberty, and justice com-
mitted to its hands, that every faithful heart
should bo a sovereign and no wicked hand
should fall heavily and cruelly upon one of its
true and faithful ones for want of its protection
and care; and as we expect to perpetuate our
national life by the practice of such principles
and the faithful execution of such sacred trusts,
I have come to the conclusion that we cannot
act toosoon in endeavoring to correct tho evils
that are upon us and ward off the dangers that
threaten us.
Congress at its last session, after a long and
faithful deliberation, presented a plan and
enacted a portion of it into a law, which is
known as the constitutional amendment. This
amendment had. merits in it, although it was
not all that very many desired and believed to
be absolutely necessary upon which to secure
a safe and complete restoration of the lately
rebellious States. Many believed that the
people South were misrepresented, that they
wore not still rebellious, that they were anx-
ious to return to a full and perfect allegiance to
the Government they had tried to destroy;
that while they accepted the situation they
were heartily sorry for their treason, and would
adapt themselves gladly to the new condition
of tilings and forever abandon their rebellious
spirit even, and adhere more strongly than
ever to their country. In the hope that this
might be so, that such an anxious liope might
be realized, the constitutional amendment was
adopted by Congress, if not as a complete plan
of reconstruction, nevertheless as part of a
plan, which, with the faithful cooperation of
the people lately in rebellion, it was hoped
might go very far- toward if not fully accom-
plish the work we all so much desired.
Congress desired to put these people upon
their professions of repentance andfigood faith
toward the Government, holding at the same
time, as wo always must until tho work is com-
plete, tho power in our own hands in behalf
