1867.
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
taking the first opportunity to take that power
to ourselves.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
this is a question which involves the merits or
demerits of the present Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, because, assuming that he is an
unfit man for the place, the question, it seems
to me, is whether or not Congress has the power
to provide by law that the Commissioner of
Public Buildings or the Superintendent of
Public Buildings shall be elected by the Senate.
The Constitution provides that all officers of
the United States shall be appointed by the
President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, except such inferior officers as
Congress may by law vest the appointment
of iu the President alone, in the heads of De-
partments, or iu the courts of law. Now, is the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, or, to em-
ploy the language used in this section, the
Superintendent of Public Buildings, an officer
of the United States? True, he has charge of
the Capitol; that is one of the public build-
ings ; and a part of his business relates to this
building; but he is also Superintendent of other
public buildings; he has charge of the expend-
iture of a large amount of public money, and
performs other duties, general duties, which do
not relate exclusively to the transaction of
business by Congress. I have no doubt that
Congress has the power by law to provide for
the appointment of any one of its officers, per-
sons who are under its own control and who
discharge ati.y of the duties that .relate to the
business of Congress; but iuthis case Congress
proposes to provide by law, not for the appoint-
ment of this man—it is not a law of Congress
by which this man ia to be designated—but he
is to be elected by the Senate. It appears to
me that in that respect this proyision is in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States; because if we proceed in this way, if
simply, because an officer may by his conduct
become obnoxious to members of Congress,
we can legislate him out of office and vest the
appointment in the Senate, then we may pro-
ceed in this course to any extent; because
there are few officers in the United States who
jre not in some way related to Congress, or
who do not discharge duties that are devolved
upon them by the laws of Congress.
The only argument that can be offered for
vesting this power of appointment in the Sen-
ate, so far as the Commissioner of Public
Buildings is concerned—that does not apply to
other officers—is that be has, in connection
with his other duties, charge of this particular
building in which Congress assembles ; but he
has also charge of the President's house and
grounds. He is Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. He is designated in the law as such, not
as an officer of Congress. The other day we
provided for the election of a Congressional
Printer, and designated him in the law as an
officer of Congress; but this section does not
propose even to declare that this man is an
officer of Congress, but lie is to be the Super-
intendent of the Public Buildings of the Uni-
ted States located at Washington, if you please.
It may be said, but it looks to me a little
like evasion, that because among the other
duties whiclf this officer has to perform he has
•charge of the Capitol, he thereby becomes, not
an officerof the united States, as he always has
been regarded, but an officer of Congress. I
have no doubt that the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings of the United States lias always
been regarded as much an officerof the United
States as any other man in office in the city of
Washington. To say that because he has to
perform some duties about the Capitol at
Washington he is therefore not an officer of
the United States, looks to me a little like an
evasion of the Constitution. It was on that
fround that I concurred in this report, not that
have anything to say in favor of the present
incuipbent, not that I propose to decide this
question at all with reference to his qualifica-
tions or claims to the office, but it is on the
ground I have stated. It seems to me that we
are going iu a direction that may lead event-
ually, by one excuse and another, to a palpa-
ble violation of the Constitution. Unless it
can be made to appear that this Superintend-
ent of Public Buildings is not an officer of the
United States, it cannot be made to appear
that Congress has the power to authorize the i
Senate to appoint him; because if Congress
can authorize the Senate to appoint an officer
of the United States in one case, it can in |
all; and it may thus take away from the Presi-
dent all power of appointment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I doubt extremely the ;
authority of Congress to electa Superintendent
of Public Buildings under the Constitution,
because the public buildings are not the build-
ings of Congress as a body, as this particular
building is, which we might undoubtedly pro-
vide for ; but it is the whole public property of
the Government in this District, lands and all.
At the same time I am satisfied, as the Senate ;1
seem to be, entirely, that it is desirable that ;'
there should be a change in the office. I move,
therefore, to amend the clause proposed to be
stricken out by substituting in the place of it
these words:
TJaattlieoflicoof the Commisaionerof Public Build- i
ings is hereby abolished, and until otherwise provided I
by law the duties heretofore performed by that offi-
oor shall be performed by the Quartermaster General
ol the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that, by unani- :
inous consent, the whole matter be transposed
to page 25 of the bill. It is now right in the |
midst of section one, which is very improper, i i
1 I propose that it be transferred to page 2-5, after
line five hundred and eighty-seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The trans-
position will be ordered, no objection being
made. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As 1 have said, I do not
believe myself—because that is purely an intel-
lectual question, and our wishes have nothing
to do with it—that we have the constitutional
power to do the thing which this section that
is proposed to be stricken out provides for.
I believe it to be equally our constitutional
duty to provide for it in some other way in
which, in my judgment, we can lawfully pro-
vide for it. I think there can be no constitu-
tional objection, I presume none will be sug-
gested, to the amendment which I offer. The
question is whether it will not harmonize the
views of the Senate, so that we can unite in
providing for what we all desire to provide for,
and in a proper way. We all know who the
Quartermaster General of the Army is ; that
be is a gentleman of high integrity, of charac-
ter, of capacity, the line of whose duties hith-
erto and now would make it perfectly proper
for him to superintend and have charge of 1
these public buildings and grounds, and to
know how the money that we appropriate so
liberally for the adornment and improvement
of them, and the lighting of the streets and
all that sort of thing, is expended. It appears
to me that he is eminently tit and suitable, both
as regards position and residence here, and
his official means of superintending such affairs
for the United States. These are my reasons
| for offering the substitute.
I Mr. WADE. As to the constitutional argu-
! ment against this section I do not yield to it;
| I do not think there is anything in it. Con-
] gress has the right of legislation over all sub-
jects whatever within this District, andperhaps
, the question here raised does not arise go par-
; ticularly in regard to matters in this District
as it would in the States. Certainly the Con-1
i stitution has given us the right of legislation
, upon all questions affecting this District in the
largest manner that it could be given. But1
I even if that were not so,'I should have very
• great doubt whether the strait and almost lit- !
eral construction that gentlemen seek here to ,
enforce applies in this case. It seems to me you
might as well say we could not elect our Ser-
geant-at-Arms or our Doorkeeper or any other
officer, but must go to the President for him, or
vest the power of appointing him in some court:
or in the head of some Department. The prin-
cipal business of this officer in my judgment.
his principal duty i^ to superintend this build-
ing, and then we have attached to that duty
certain others, such as superintending some of
the concerns of the President's house; but I do
not think there i? any constitutional difficulty
in the way of our appointing an officer to have
charge of this building.
I have to say again that I think there is great
propriety in our taking this matter in our own
hands. I do not want to allude to what has
been said, but we cannot overlook the fact that
we have been threatened by the friends of the
President here with violence from time to time,
and the President, so far as I know, has never
done or said anything to mitigate or negative
those threats, but his own organs have contin-
ually threatened us that if we did so and so we
should stand in danger of being driven.out. It
is true, I have not believed a word of all this ;
but still when I see such things I do not want
the man from whom or whose friends these
threats come to appoint guardians over us. I
think we had better keep the power in our own
hands, and appoint our own police and our own
officer to superintend the building. It seems
to me to be much better, much more appro-
priate, and much more in accordance with the
dignity of the position we hold. I should have
no objection to the President superintending
his own household if it is thought proper to
give him that right; but 1 do not like to be
under his control or under the control of
officers appointed by him. I would rather be
under officers of our own choice and selection.
In regard to this matter, whoever the Presideut
may be, I think it is more consonant with the
dignity of this great body and of Congress to
appoint their own agents and officers for their
own safety and convenience than it is to vest
that power in anybody else. I wish to retain
in the bill this section iu some shape. If it is
out of place where it is, I have no objection to
its being put somewhere else in the bill.
Mr. DIXON. A remark which fell from the
Senator from Ohio leads me to say a single
word on this subject. He said there had been
threats of violence toward Congress, that they
were to be driven out of this building. Now,
sir, I must say that that was news to me. I
never have heard such threats; I have never
seen any authentic statements of any such
threats. I think the honorable Senator is mis-
taken. I very much doubt whether anybody
has ever threatened any violence; certainly the
President of the United States never has
threatened any violence, nor any friend of his.
I regret that the Senator from Ohio made such
a statement. I presume lie had some authority
for the statemeut; but I must say for myself
1 that I never heard such threats, and I doubt
; very much whether they have been made.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that it is in
my power to throw any light upon this subject
that would be likely to satisfy the Senator from
Connecticut. I presume the avenues of infor-
mation have been equally open to him as to the
rest of mankind, and I venture to say that the
! rest of mankind have generally understood
from the tone of the newspapers printed and
published in the interest of the President of
the United States, both at the South and at the
North, that it was their wish that he should
interfere with Congress with violence and turn
: them out of their seats ae an unconstitutional
i body, cuoh as he repeatedly denominated
them in bis public speeches while swinging so
elegantly and joyously "around the circle.''
; Surely the Senator from Connecticut is not
ignorant of all this. Has he ever read a cop-
perhead rebel newspaper printed soath of Ma-
son and Dixon's line? If he has. I am quite
confident that he has made himself acquainted
with this state of feeling on the part of tin-
journals in the country who are in the interest
of the President of the United States, and who
are his friends. Has he ever read several New
York journals, equally in the interest of the
President, and is he ignorant of the fact that
they have repeatedly, continuously, and almost
habitually given this same treasonable and
guilty instruction to their chief and master?
