1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
of the loyal people of the country^ bo that by
no error or mistaken notion, resulting from fair
promises or often repeated professions of loy-
alty, the chance shall pass from our hands to
command the whole situation and secure the
legitimate and just fruits of the great straggle
through which our country has passed, to wit,
a perfect Union and Government based upon
right, with protection to all, with a full guar-
antee of the rights of manhood to all and a
perpetual guarantee in favor of loyalty and the
loyal as against treason and the disloyal. The
people ratified our course, and in doing so de-
clared their confidence in the Congress and its
purposes as against any other policy proposed,
and especially the one adopted by the execu-
tive government, and which to-day is the source
of nearly all oar evils and the confusion and
crimes that desolate the South, as it places and
keeps iu power the sworn enemies of the Re-
public to the exclusion of its unyielding friends.
Congress never surrendered the right to do
anything else that might be necessary to be
done as time advanced, neither did the people
at the last election decide that nothing else
should be done. While they indorsed the
amendment, they decided more than anything
else that the work of reconstruction belonged
to themselves through their representatives,
and demanded that the work begun in the
amendment presented should be finished by
them, so far as it properly belonged to them,
in such a way and at such a time as the peculiar
advantages they had to determine when and
how to act should justify. It is too late to
argue the power of Congress in this work of
reconstruction. AH branches of the Govern-
ment have acknowledged that the work is pe-
culiarly a legislative work or the work of the
people. The executive branch especially has
so acknowledged it, and the people in their
decisions upon the great questions in contro-
versy so understand it.
Secretary Seward telegraphs Provisional
Governor Sharkey, of Mississippi, under date
of July 24, 1865, as follows :
"Tho grovernmont of^lio Stato will bo provisional
only until the civil govornmont is reorganized with
the approval of Congress."
As late as September 12,1805, the same high
functionary telegraphs Provisional Governor
Marvin, of Florida;
"It must, however, bo distinctly understood that
tho restoration to which your proclamation rotors
will bo subject to tho decision of Congress."
As to both the right and duty the authorities
are ample and abundant, aside from this ex-
press acknowledgment on the part of the exec-
utive government. Wheaton, 115, says:
"Tho right of self-preservation is not only a right
with respoct to othor States, but a duty with respoct
to i(s own members, and tho most solomn and irn-
portnnt ono which a Stato owes to them."
"This right of solf-proservation necessarily in-
volves all othor incidental rights as a means to givo
cffect to the principal end."
And again, Vattel declares:
" Every nation is obliged to perform tho duty of
self-preservation."
" Since, then, a nation is obliged to prosorvo itself,
it has a right to everything' necessary for its preser-
vation. for the law of nature gives us a right to
everything without which wo could not fulfill our
obligations; otherwiso it would oblige us to impos-
sibilities, or rather would contradict itself hi pro-
scribing a duty and prohibiting at tho same time tho
only means of fulfilling it." * * * * *
"By an evident consoqucnco from what has boon
said, a nation ought carefully to avoid, as much as
possible, whatever may causo its destruction, or that
of the Stato, which is tho same thing." * * *
' A nation or Stato has a right to everything that
can secure it from such a threatening danger, and
to keep at a distance whatever is capable of causing
its rum : and that from tho very same reasons that
establish its rights to the things necessary to its pres-
ervation.
Will any one-ask any higher authority than
these, or can any higher be obtained? Cer-
tainly not.
Who is silly enough to demand that we must
adhere strictly to the constitutional amendment
as a finality without reference to existing facts,
when it may be that a development of feeling
and action in the South would justify a com-
plete change of policy on the part of the Gov-
ernment, or as it does at least some modifica-
tions of or additions to it? There is but one
safe way to reconstruct the rebel States and
restore them to their former relations to the
Government of the United States, and that is
upon the principles of unconditional loyalty,
and placing the power in those States iu the
hands of loyal men and those who are safe to
intrust with power. No other policy will suc-
ceed. We may travel all around the point and
try one scheme and then another, but in the
end, if. we do not let the question pass from
our hands as we should not, we shall have to
begin at the foundation, and upon the rock as
we are doing in the bills now before us, and
then the superstructure will be reared to stand
forever.
I see in the discussions of the propositions
now before us and the disposition of the House
to act upon and perfect them, a desire to do
something to correct tho evils that are upon
us, and to adopt a policy in the end, if not
immediately, to give ample and complete pro-
tection to our friends throughout all the rebel-
lious States, and intrust the governments to
their hands, and place them under their con-
trol. While I am willing to go for the bill
presented by the Committee on Reconstruction,
proposing to govern these States for tho time
being by the military for the purposes of pro-
tection until we can erect suitable governments
there based upon loyalty and loyal suffrage,
still I greatly prefer that this measure may come
in as part of a more comprehensive measure,
whic"h shall first provide lor the establishment
of such loyal civil governments, and then give
all the military power necessary to more firmly
establish them, and secure the more faithful
execution of the great trusts to be executed by
them. This would be more in accord with the
genius of our Government.
That it is the first great, duty, however, of
the Government, and has been since the war
closed, to protect its friends in the South, both
white and black, all will admit; and to do this,
if necessary, I would cover every acre of it with
armed men until tho earth quaked beneath their
tread. But what hindcrs.at the same time the
speedy erection of governments in all those
States upon a basis of loyalty and loyal suf-
frage, with tho express declaration on the part
of the Government that such governments are
to be maintained by its influence and power?
In such case but little military would be needed;
perhaps there is enough already in those States
to give the protection needed; if not it could
be very easily supplied. Those jfbvemraents,
thus established, and the loyal people feeling,
as they do not now, that they had a faithful
Government behind them to protect and defend,
if need be, would very soon provide for them-
selves sufficient force to secure their own de-
fense and execute the laws both State and
national. The very fact that the Government
had settled its policy and it was to be main-
tained and the law executed and loyalty sus-
tained, would of itself be as strong as armies
and navies and achieve more than anything
else in the great struggle between right and
wrong, loyalty and disloyalty.
When the war closed, those who are now in
power in the South and responsible for the
rebellion wcro ready to submit to any terms
that the conqueror might choose to propose.
They knew as they now know they justly de-
served entire and complete exclusion from
place and power, and that they were notjso
excluded surprised them more than it did us.
This willingness to submit to our terms was
on account of the fact that they were con-
quered, and that the Government was able to
enforce its authority, together with the fact of
the consciousness of their guilt and the enor-
mity of their crimes. That we have failed thus
far to treat the loyal men of the South as our
friends and given the disloyal the control, or
allowed the Executive to set up and perpetuate
governments without any authority of law and
in the interests of those who brought on the
war and all its attendant disasters, is the rea-
son why to-day a spirit of defiance and rebel-
lion rules more or less everywhere throughout
the South; aud to be loyal to the Government,
and especially to have been loyal and sustained
and fought for it during the war, is the most
certain badge of dishonor and lasting disgrace.
We have got to come back again to the point
in this great struggle which we abandoned and
exercise our power and arouse in the minds
of the people South who thus demean them-
selves, the awful memories of the past, and
teach them that '' treason must be made odious
and traitors punished," or at least displaced
from power, and that no arm raised against us
shall prosper.
It is idle to talk of a final restoration upon
the pretended governments now in those States.
They are without any authority of law, and we
never can legalize or recognize theui as legiti-
mate and republican so long as they are in
the hands and under the control of our ene-
mies and the enemies of the loyal people of
tho South. ■ Such has been and is to-day the
fact, and certainly they will and can never be
any better. Those in power in them will
never relinquish that power themselves; this
is not in the nature of things, and the time
never will come when they will consent even
to share their power with those who have been
opposed to them during the war and steadfast
friends of the country during its hour of trial.
I have no. time now to find fault with the policy
of the President in trying to give governments
to those States; the people have expressed
their opinion upon that policy and repudiated
it; it is fraught with evil, and will work & com-
plete social and political proscription of all
the loyal men there, a result which can be
justified in no way possible, and to be pre-
vented even at the exercise of the whole power
of the Government. These pretended govern-
ments being null and void, having no legal
existence, having been set up where there
were no governments, without any authority
of law, it becomes the duty of Congress to
gather together the loyal elements in those
States and proceed through the cooperation
of the loyal people therein to establish such
governments as we can recognize, loyal in
character, republican in form, and in spirit,
so that they may bo suitable channels through
which we can cooperate, in complete harmony
with the loyal sentiment of the country and of
the Constitution.
The President himself declared by proclama-
tion and otherwise, and acted, too, upon the
fact so declared, that the rebellion overthrew
all loyal governments in the disloyal States;
that they were but a mass of ruins when the
war closed, which is agreed to by all; and that
a necessity existed for the interference of the
Government to aid in the establishment of
governments therein. So said Congress, and
so we say to-day. That necessity exists still.
To meet this necessity the executive govern-
ment proceeded without law, without the con-
sent of the people or their representatives,
who alone have the right to initiate and put
forth a policy of restoration in such cases as
the one now upon our hands, to set up govern-
ments. It appointed provisional governors,
which all agree was without any authority, and
did other acts, however well intended, without
law, none of which has ever been legalized or
recognized by Congress, and cannot be. Had
these governments proved a success and given
ample and complete protection to all the loyal
people South, and were they calculated to
build up a social and political society there
based upon unconditional loyalty, and secure
the prosperity and happiness of all the people
alike, there might be some apology for the
effort made and some grounds for ratifying
what has been done, as our great object would
thus have been accomplished; but no such
results appear, neither is there any hope of
their ever being realized.
The delay thus long in giving such govern
ments as are necessary to those States but
makes our obligations the stronger to act, and
act promptly, in this work of restoration. It
is claimed that the theory thus advanced of
erecting governments in these States, if car-
ried out, will inevitably lead to the conclusion
