•1204
THE CONGBESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the United States. The States where the peo-
ple hare not been corrupted by the curse and
virus of'slavery, an<i one or two where this evil
has long existed, States that stood nobly by
our Government when it was on trial before
the world .in our recent struggle with treason
and rebellion, one after another, -as they have
opportunity, wheel into line and seal their
devotion to our Union and liberty by ratifying
this amendment; while one after another ot
the ten States lately in rebellion and unrecon-
structed, through their pretended governments
in the hands ot traitors, have all rejected with
defiance this same amendment, giving scarcely
a voice in its favor.
ButVe -are told that the Executive has now
evinced through his friends a disposition to
change his policy and place it more in accord
with the constitutional amendment, and that
should be adopted. He, as the Executive,
has no right to have a policy as against the
people or their representatives to the extent
to force it upon the country.
This proposition was presented in the Sen-
ate by the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Dixon,] and is said to be such as
the southern States will indorse. While there
are some good features in this measure, em-
bracing portions of the amendment presented
by Congress and ratified by the people, the
vital parts of it ,are discarded and care taken
to leave the power now possessed by the late
leading rebels in their own hands. The very
announcement of this new scheme is a 'confes-
sion of weakness, which is encouraging to the
loyal people of the country; but, like the other
" policy, which has been repudiated by them
and whose nakedness is now so completely
exposed, it is only a movement the result of
which would bo to hold the power where it is
now lodged by the pretended governments in
the South, and rob the loyal men from any or
very much control in them. It would thwart
the will of the people, and secure a settlement
of this great controversy upon other than the
policy of justice and universal liberty, which
the representatives of the people feel bound
to demand and secure. Executives may rec-
ommend, the late leading rebels seeking to
hold power that they have rendered them-
selves unfit to possess may indorse, find to-
gether they may go all around the main ques-
tion and attempt to avoid and set aside the
voice of the people who saved the Govern-
ment and whoso representatives wo are ; it is
of no nsc, for here is the altar upon which the
great offering must be laid ; and here, in the
name of the great people ot' the land, by vir-
tue of their power, and in obedience to their
will, must remain the citadel of their hope,
for in this high place of tho nation alone can
they declare their will and exccute their sov-
ereign purpose. To force or attempt to force,
by any means, any other "policy" upon the
country than tho people demand and approve
as it comes from those especially delegated by
them under the Constitution, is no less than
an attempt to usurp their power, and will fall,
as it already has, upon and crash those who
persist in so doing.
There is 110 hope of ever restoring these
States upon tho principles of loyalty with the
leaders of (he rebellion in power; neither will
they ever consent to make their rebellion dis-
honorable and lift to place and favor the loyal
people of those States while they are masters
of the situation and command the whole field
of operations. Kvery gale that comes from
the South is freighted with the pitiful cry of
distress and help that breaks forth from the
true, faithful, and trusty friends of the Gov-
ernment, who are fleemg still before treason or
bowing with broken spirits and hearts under the
heavy load of sorrow which our failure thus
far to protect and care for them lays upon them,
livery sighing breeze tells the sad taleof expir-
ing life that is passing away without the care
we owe it; and to have been adeffender of the
nation's life is a crime .and treason against the
State and fits one only to be an outcast and
makes life not-worth possessing. „
It has been my privilege during quite a large
part of the great conflict through which we
have passed to hold a seat upon this floor, and
when not here to have an important part in
the no less important work of rallying the peo-
ple at home, and thus aiding to strengthen the
arm of the Government to crush the rebellion,
and -in all this work no consideration has had a
greater influence upon me than the duty we
owed the loyal men of the South whose cry was
continually coming over to us pleading for help.
And so it was with all'our people. The war
was fought not only for the Government and
its perpetuity, but as a means to this end, for
the protection of loyalty and loyal men every-
where. And now, when the war is over, and,
our Government and their' Government is
triumphant by the joint efforts of the loyal
men North and South, it is a crime against
justice and right to leave the loyal people of
the South at the mercy of our common enemy,
when we have the undisputed power to protect
them and while it is our duty to protect them.
No duty can be plainer. All admit that it is
upon us and that it ought to be performed.
Some insist that order will come out of the
chaos that now reigns if the present govern-
ments are allowed to remain, but for such a
conclusion there is no good reason in the facts
that now appear or have existed for the last
two years, neither is there any hope that things
will improve under the present rule and powlr
that now reigns'suprenJe. Where is there any
chance for the Union men South who mean to
stand by their integrity and not. waver in their
loyalty? In what State lately in rebellion are
they even .respected as much as others, much
less allowed to hold any position or have a
voice in controlling public affairs?
There may be localities which were more
thoroughly scourged by war, and where the mil-
itary have continually given evidence of a power
that was able and would protect the loyal, that
a different state of feeling to some extent exists
or manifests itself; but the fact, is undeniable,
that in 110 locality throughout, the whole South
where the rebel clement ruled during the war,
and where the Government has taken away its
rostraintand left the people to do and conduct,
as they choose, but that the Union element, is
completely ignored so tar as position in soci-
ety is concerned, and the policy fixed and un-
changeable to discard and wipe it out entirely,
is there an American citizen that will acqui-
esce in such a state of things? Who will told
his arms in his quiet, and ease and because
this fate is not his own have no pity for those
who are thus treated, and will not raise his
voice and arm if necessary to relieve their dis-
tresses and lift theiu up to the level of loyal
citizenship and the recognition to which they
are entitled.
The same spirit of persecution that during
the war hunted down Union men in the South
followed them to the mountains, caves, and
solitary places, left their dead bodies hanging
upon the trees in the woods or by the way-
side as a warning to their friends that they
would share a like fate, still lives, and as the
powerof the Government is removed shows
itself from time to time in just such degree as
the condition of affairs will justily. Rewards
are offered for tho heads of some, and others
are more openly shot down by the wayside.
The facts as they appear, connected with the
riots at Memphis and New Orleans, clearly
show the spirit of those who are now in power
in the lately disloyal States, while they are
but expressions of the ruling feeling all over
the South if once allowed to exercise and
develop it so if. The following letter from the
chief justice of Louisiana will justify me in all
1 have said upon this subject:
City of Jepveeson, Louisiana, January 7,1S67.
Sir: In compliance with your de3ire, 1 hero state
my knowledgo and opinion of the loyalty of the peo-
ple of Louisiana to tho (Government of tho United
States, and what would be tho condition of those
holding Union sentiments in tho event that all loeal
control should be permanently in tho hands of those
lately in arms against tho General Government.
Prom conversations with tile secessionists, I know
that they hope'that an issue "will arise from some
cause, either between tho President and Congress, or
between the United States and some foreign Power,
which will precipitate a war, and through this hoped-
for war they believe they will rid themselves of a
people and Government which are odious to them.
Most of tho persons with whom I have conversed
would to-day join in any movement to rid them-
selves of the Government of the United States, pro-
vided there was a fair prospect of success.
The most of the people (I mean the rebels) .of
Louisiana honestly believe that in the late struggle
they were only contending for the right of self-gov-
ernment;-that the war carried on against them by
the United States was to destroy that right; that it
was an iniquitous war on the part of the Govern-
ment; that it was waged with inhumanity and'bru-
tality by the Government and the people of the North,
and that by both the people of the North.and the
Government they have been robbed and plundered
of their .rights and property.
With such impressions on their minds they can
entertain no loyalty to the Government of the United
States nor friendly feelings for the people of the
North.
There is many an honest man who engaged in the
late rebellion believing that hewas rightin so doing,
hut being now overpowered would submit to the
decision of the sword were it not for the fact that
most of their military leaders, some of whom are very
bad men and murderers, nOw have control, and ex-
cite those well-meaning men, and if the United States
military forces were to-day removed from Louisiana,
and if there was no fear of interference by tho Uni-
ted States, theso base men, their military leaders—
among the most conspicuous of whom is Richard
Taylor, who has murdered many citizens of this
State—would arouse the well-meaning citizens to
violence and blood, and no Union man, whether
whito or black, would be safe in his person or his
property.
So complete a,re the influence and control of such
men as Richard Taylor and Mayor Monroe, who
caused the assassination of so many citizens in New
Orleans on the 30th of July, 1866, that the assassin's
dagger is restrained at the present time only by Uni-
ted States bayonets, and i oannot believe that the
Government will leave tho Unionists and freedmen
of the State in the hands of assassins.
The spirit of secession is as strong and defiant as
it ever was. because the liopo has been revived that
it can succeed in maintaining power in each of the
southern States, and that when a favorable occasion
presents it can disrupt the Federal Government, ft
re^ts-with Congiess to adopt such measures as will
destroy tbnt hopo and finally eradicate that spirit.
If tho Government and tho northern people in-
tend that Louisiana shall bo a part of the united
Stntes the power and influence of those who inaugu-
rated and controlled the rebellion must bo broken,
a Union sentiment fostered, and personal security and
absolute freedom of speech and of the press firmly
established.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
W. B. IIYMAN.
Hon. Thomas D. Huot, Member of Congrestt, Wash-
ington, District nf Cti/umbia.
All this is fully corroborated by our agents
in those States. Generals Schofleld in Vir-
ginia, Sickles in South Carolina, Sheridan in
Louisiana, and Thomas in the West, all testify
to one and the same thing in relation to the
spirit of the ruling class in their departments.
'I hey all declare that there is no hope for the
friends of the Onion if left to the present sys-
tems of government for protection.
That lawlessness ana crime will exist in
those States to a great degree for a time no
one will deny, but after making due and lib-
eral allowance for all this, the evidence is
overwhelming, filling every newspaper, is the
burden of every letter, the complaint of every
swelling heart that finds a refuge in flight and
reaches us or a place of safety; it is the con-
clusion of every investigation we have had,
the essence of the testimony of every impar-
tial witness we have summoned, that the same
spirit inspires and controls the dangerous men
of the South to a great extent that did during
the war, and left to- themselves and their own
control loyalty will find no protection nor
realize any of its hopes. It is perhaps in the
very nature of thiugs that it should be so, but
this is no excuse for neglect or delay on our
part when the remedy is so simple and plain.
Let, the nation assert its power, and let the
edict go forth that loyalty shall be the rale and
treason the exception. This policy firmly
settled and the work is half done. Govern-
ments cau follow, as proposed by the measures
before the House, placing the power in the
hands of the loyal, supported by loyal man-
hood suffrage, disfranchising the leaders of the
rebellion as unfit at least for a time to unite in
shaping their destinies, and you have laid the
foundations o'f institutions that will stand the
test of time, and growing stronger and stronger
with age, because justice and truth are the
