440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 14?
Mr. WILLIAMS. .Yes; it was signed by-
Mr. Adams; but I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the opinion of the court deliv-
ered in that base, which relates to .this Subject.
Chief Justice Marshall says:
'. "It is, therefore, decidedly the opinion of the court
that when a commission has bcerisigned by the Presi-
dent the appointmentis made; and that the commis-
sion is complete when the seal of the XJnited States
has been affixed to itby the.Secretary of State.
•- "Where an oificer:is removable at the will of the
Executive the circumstance which completes his
appointment is of no concern, because the act is at
any time revocable; and the commission may be
arrested if still in the officc. But when the officer is
not removable at the will of the Executive the ap-
pointmentis not revocable and cannot be annulled.
It has conferred legal -rights which cannot be re-
sumed."
. , .$Fqw, I say that the Supreme Court of the
United States in deciding this case affirm the
doctrine that under a law which fixes the
tenure of office the President of the United
States has no power of removal; and the decis-
ion proceeds upon the assumption that where
the officer is not removable at the will of the
Executive the appointment is not revocable
and cannot be annulled; and the Supreme
Court make a plain distinction between a law
which authorizes the President to remove the
offk-er at his pleasure and a law which declares
that a person appointed to an office shall hold
that office, for a term of years; and -this decis-
ion ..is to the effect that in the one ease the
President may exercise this power of removal,
while in the other case he cannot exercise any
such power. The court further say :
"The discretion of the Executive is to be exer-
cised until the appointment has been made. But
having once made the appointment, his power over
the office is terminated in all cases where by law
the officer is not removable by him."
Please to notice particularly this language.
"But having once made the appointment, his
§ower over the office is terminated in all cases where
y law the officer is not removable by him. The right
to the office is then in the person, appointed, and he
has the absolute, unconditional power of accepting
br'rejecting it.
" Mr.-Marbury, then, since his commission 'was
signed by the President and sealed by the Secretary of
State, was appointed; and as the law creating the office
gave the officer a right to hold for five years, inde-
pendent of the Executive, the appointment was not
revosable, but vested in the officer equal rights, which
are protected by the laws of his country."
Mr. BUCKALB W. If the Senator will per-
mit me to make a suggestion to him, I do not
understand that the particular line of argument
upon which he is now entering, and which was
followed by a gentleman from Pennsylvania in
the House of Representatives at the present
session, relates at all, or has any application
to the class of officers referred to by this bill,
who are officers appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. The field
of argument to which we are invited by the
Senator's "last remarks is one relating to the
appointment of subordinate officers, the ap-
pointment of which, under a particular clause
of the Constitution, may be lodged in the Presi-
dent alone, with the courts of law, or with the
heads of Departments. Now, the powers which
may be exercised by Congress in the establish-
ment and regulation of those offices is one
thing; the power of Congress over offices, the
incumbents of which are appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate is
another thing; and it is over the latter field
of inquiry that this bill invites us to travel. I
call the Senator's attention to this wide dis-
tinction at the present time, because I intend
to speak throughout my remarks upon this' bill
with distinct reference to this broad and marked
distinction between what have been sometimes
called constitutional offices and offices which
are legislative purely, both in their creation
and in the regulation and arrangement of the
duties of the incumbents of the same.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that the Sen-
ator intends by his remarks to suggest that this
authority is not applicable to the question be-
fore the Senate, but I claim that it is applica-
ble because these identical persons were ap-
pointed by the President by and'with the advice
and consent of the Senate,- and therefore this
decision relates to the same class of officers
contemplated by this billr and for that reason
this is an authority in point. I cannot see why
Mr. Madison, notwithstanding the views that
he expressed at an early day, did not assume
in this case that he had no power to remove
these officers after they had been appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
His manifest object was to keep these men from
having their offices, and he undertook to ef-
fectuate that object' by withholding their com-
missions ; but if the doctrine that is now prac-
ticed upon had then been recognized, instead
of doing that he would at once have removed
those officers and appointed others in their
places, for that is the rule at the present day.
Men are nominated to the Senate; the Senate
advises and consents to their nomination, and
the President, if he sees proper, instead of
withholding the commission, at once removes
them and appoints other persons in their places.
If Mr. Madison had recognized any such au-
thority in the President, he would have pursued
that course instead of attempting to defeat these
appointees by withholding their commissions.
Now, sir, I refer to another case in 17 How-
ard's Reports, the case of the United States
vs. Guthrie, where this question was elaborately
argued, but not decided, by the court, but in
the opinion of Mr. Justice McLean he refers
to this subject "and the authorities upon the
point; and I invite the attention of the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland to what Mr.
Justice McFjean there said :
" It was supposed that the exercise of this power
by the President"—
And he is discussing the power of removal—
"was necessary for the efficient discharge of execu-
tive duties. That to consult the Senate in making
removals, thesame as in making appointments, would
be too tardy for the correction of abuses. By a tem-
porary appointment the public service is now pro-
vided for in case of death, and the same provision
could be made where immediate romovalsare neces-
sary. The Senate when called to fill the vacancy
would pn.ss upon the demerit of the late incumbent.
"This I have never doubted was the true construc-
tion of the Constitution, and I am able to say it was
the opinion ox the late Supreme Court, with Marshall
at its head."
This statement of Justice McLcan is either
false or true, and he had an ample opportunity
to know whereof he affirmed; and I say that
he declares that the Supreme Court of the
United States, with Chief Justice Marshall at
its head, was of the opinion that the President
of the United States could not exercise the
unlimited power of removal. Sir, you may
bring on the opinions of your Attorneys Gen-
eral and the arguments and speeches of your
politicians, and I overwhelm them all with the
authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States, with Chief Justice Marshall at its head,
a court that towered in its wisdom and purity
above the partisan clamor and strife by which
it was surrounded, as Teneriffe towers above
the noisy and impotent waves that break
around its base.
Now, sir, it is admitted by honorable Sena-
tors who contend for the existence of this
power that there is no express provision for it
in the Constitution. But the great argument
that has been offered time and again and
repeated here from day to day is, that it would
be inconvenient for the President not to have
and to exercise this power. Sir, can a power
of this magnitude be incorporated into the
Constitution upon the argument ab inconvani-
enti, because it is inconvenient that such a
power should not exist? It is inconvenient very
often that other powers which do not exist
cannot be exercised by different departments
of the Government. Take for instance, if you
please, the election of a representative from
any State, the State in which I live, where the
law requires a candidate to have a majority,
and suppose no man at the election receives a
majority. It is inconvenient for the State not
to be represented in Congress; but does it
therefore follow that the Governor has a right
to appoint a member of Congress? When the
electoral body has decided that there shall be
no election, then can it be argued on the
ground of inconvenience that the Executive
shall have the power of appointment ? Take
many other cases that have occurred, where
the two branches of a legislative assembly fail
to agree in the choice of a Senator; it is
exceedingly inconvenient to the State to be
without its whole senatorial representation in
Congress; but it has been time and again
decided by this body that the Executive had
no power of appointment in that case.
Take the case of my honorable friend from
New Jersey whose election is now pending,
[Mr. Peelin-ghutsen;] suppose the Legislative
Assembly of that State now in session does not
effect any election at all; it will be inconven-
ient for that State to be without one of its Sen-
ators on this floor; but the Governor of New
Jersey woul&have no power to fill the vacancy,
because theHcgislative body whose province
it was to elect chose not to elect, and that
choice is the judgment of the State constitu-
tionally expressed that there shall be no repre-
sentation in the Senate so far as that office is
concerned.
It is very inconvenient, when we pass bills
here by a large majority, in accordance with
the wishes and interests of the people, to have
the President interpose his veto; but the Con-
stitution gives him that right; and can we, be-
cause it is inconvenient, because it is contrary
as we believe to the will of the people for him
to exercise his power in that way to defeat our
legislation, disregard the veto of the President
and treat it as a nullity?
I might multiply cases where it is inconven-
ient for certain powers to exist, or for certain
powers not to exist; but the fact that there is
some inconvenience attending the one or the
other does not prove that one or the other does
or does not exist. When you come to consider
the argument as to the inconveniences that may
result from the enactment of this law, you must
remember that there are other inconveniences
and abuses that exist because there is no sueh
law which threaten to change our republican
Government into a practical despotism.
Sometimes it is argued that this power be-
longs to the President because the Constitu-
tion declares that the executive power shall
be vested in a single person who shall be called
the Executive of the United States. I answer
any argument that may be derived from that
source by saying that the clause of the Con-
stitution referred to was evidently intended
simply to create the office and not to confer
power, because it is followed by other provis-
ions defining and describing the powers of
the office, and similar phraseology is employed
as to this as is employed in creating the other
departments of the Government; and besides
that, I find by reference to the proceedings of
the Convention that this portion of the Consti-
tution when it was reported was in these words:
"that there shall be instituted an executive
department to consist of a single person,"
which was referred to the Committee on Style,
and that committee changed the phraseology,
substituting the word "vested" for "institu-
ted," and it was passed without question,
showing that the Convention understood the
word "vested" in that connection to be equiv-
alent to the word "instituted," and did not
understand it to convey any other or greater
power than was conveyed by words necessary
to create the executive department of the
Government.
All executive powers are defined and de-
scribed in the Constitution, and I claim, there-
fore, that a new and independent power cannot
be drawn to the Executive by mere inference
or by some imaginary reason for its existence.
Whatever idea may obtain in a country where
the Government is a monarchy or a despotism
as to executive power, that idea cannot be
adopted in this country, for the Executive here
is as much under constitutional limitations as
any other department of the Government, and
it was so intended by the men who framed the
Constitution. Beyond question they deter-
mined to restrict and control the President,
for Mr. Franklin is reported to have said, not-
