1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Lead, and then all the streams will be sweet
and pure.
When this nation ascends to the high position
within its reach, fulfills the vows it has taken
upon itself before the great Ruler when its
fate was trembling in the even balance, and
with uplifted liana swore to be just and do
justice as well as love mercy, then will the
light of a purer and a happier life shine upon
its way, in which no obstacles shall arise to
check its grand and sublime career. I say,
again, we must be just; without exact justice
to all after such a struggle as we have passed
through, with such vows as we have made,-
and such sacrifices and costly offerings as we
have brought to the altar and seen consumed,
there will be no lasting' peace, for it is not ac-
cording to the ways of the Almighty so to deal
with his people. _ Such is the struggle and such
our relations to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, let me
say that we have no right longer to delay the
work which we have begun, which is clearly
before us, and which it is our duty to perform.
By the vows the nation made in the day of its
extremity, when the tide of battle rolled heavily
upon us, that we would not fail to be just; by
the battle-fields all over the South, over which
have run rivers of blood, and are scattered the
wasting and unknown forms of the nation's
heroes who perished for its life ; by the thou-
sands of new-made gaves that billow the whole
South, sad mementoes of loved ones fallen
in our defense and to secure what we now
ask j by the .tears and sorrows of widowhood
and orphanage the land over, produced by the
crimes of the very persons we propose to dis-
place from power; by the waihngs and woes
of the whole nation during more than four
years of dreadful war for the express purpose
of crushing Qut rebellion that the Government
might not only live, but that it might protect
its friends and reward its loyal defenders;
finally, bytho sacrifices, toils, sufferings, blood,
and death of over three hundred thousand
noble sons of the Republic, who went down be-
neath the great conflict on the field of strife,
at home, in the hospital, on land and sea,
starved in prison-pens, and tortured by poison,
1 demand that this work be pressed on as
now begun, until all the legitimate and just
fruits of the great struggle and decisive vic-
tories we have won bo appropriated to the
proper use and benefit of all the people of the
laud, and especially those who amid more than
ordinary trials have proven their devotion to
the Onion and liberty.
Sir, within the shadow of this Capitol lie
the wasting forms of many thousands of those
who have given themselves for the salvation of
our Government and our liberties; and stand-
ing by the very side of these sacred relics, who
dare refuse to move forward to lay hold of the
high duties that press upon us, and press upon
us now? Whatever others may do, and how-
ever false they may prove to the occasion upon
which we have fallen and the great duty of the
hour, let us move forward, strong in the right,
seeking and doing justice to all as we shall see
the light, "though the earth shall quake and
tremble beneath our feet and the heavens o'er
us fall."
Mr. BOUTWELL obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will do so.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of making the pending bill more accept-
able in its phraseology to other gentlemen, I
desire to submit several amendments; and in
order to offer them I withdraw the motion to
recommit. For the sake of convenience I will
offer my amendment in the form of a substitute,
embracing the several changes which I propose
to make. I therefore move as a substitute what
I send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That said late so-called confederate States shall be
divided into military districts and made subject to
the military authority of the United States as here-
inafter prescribed, and for that purpose Virginia
shall constitute the first district; North Carolina and
South Carolina the second district; Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida the third district; Mississippi and
Arkansas the fourth district; and Louisiana and
Teias the fifth district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That fire officers
of the Army, each of whom shall be of the rank of
major general or brigadier general, be, and they are
hereby, detailed to the command of the several dis-
tricts by this aot created and established; and the
General of the Army is hereby authorized and re-
quired to designate said officers and assign them sev-
erally to their respective commands. The General of
the Army is hereby required, under the direction of
the President, to detail a sufficient military force to
enable each officer so assigned to perform his duties
and enforce his authority within the district to which
he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to
protect all persons in their rights of person and
property, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of tho public peace and criminals, and
to this end he may allow local civil tribunals to take
jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or, when in his
judgment it may be noccssary for tho trial of offend-
ers, he shall have power to organize military commis-
sions or tribunals for that purpose, anything in the
constitution and laws of any of the so-called confed-
erate States to the contrary notwithstanding; and
all logislativo or judicial proceedings or processes
to prevent or control tho proceedings of said military
tribunals, and all interference by said pretended
State governments with the exorcise, of military
authority under this act, shall be void and of no effect.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted. That courts and
• judicial officers of the United States shall not issue
writs of habeas corpus in behalf of persons in military
custody, except in easos in which the person is held
to answer only for a crime or crimes exclusively
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States within said military districts and indictable
therein, or unless some commissioned officer on duty
in tho district wherein the person is dotained shall
indorse upon said petition a stittoment. certifying,
upon honor, that ho has knowledge, or information,
as to tho cause and circumstances of tho alleged de-
tention, and that ho believes tho same to he wrong-
ful; and further, that ho believes that tho indorsed
petition is preferred in good faith, and in i'urthor-
anco of justice, and not to hinder or delay the pun-
ishment of crime. All pemons put under military
arrest by virtue of this act shall bo tried without un-
necessary delay, and no cruel or unusual punish-
montshall ho inflicted.
Sice. 5. And be it further exacted. That no sontcnco
of any military commission or tribunal lieroby au-
thorised affecting tho lifo or liberty of any person
shall be oxecutod until it is approved by tho officor
in oommand of tho district, and tho laws and regula-
tions for tho government of tho Army shall not bo
affected by this act, except in so far as tlicy conflict
with its provisions.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, for the in-
formation of members I will indicate the
changcs embraced in the substitute just read.
In tho first placc, I have in the third line
inserted before the words "so-called" the
word "late," and before "States" the word
"confederate;" so that the phrase will read,
"said late so-called confederate States." This
change I have made to meet the views of some
gentlemen who thought that tins language of
the bill as it stood might imply what was not
intended.
I have struck out the second section and
inserted another allotting five officers to tho
command of the several districts, instead of
simply authorizing the General of the Army to
make the allotment, to which some gentlemen
objected.
In the third section I have inserted before
the words "civil tribunals" the word "local."
I do not think this of any importance, but other
gentlemen do.
Then I have adopted one of the suggestions
of> the gentleman from Ohio, which seemed to
be well taken, and inserted in the fourth sec-
tion, after the words "military custody," these
words:
Except in cases in which tho person is held to
answer only for a crime or crimes exclusively within
the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States
within said military districts and indictable therein.
Mr. Speaker, having indicated my amend-
ments, I renew the motion to recommit.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I have correctly under-
stood the effect of the gentleman's substitute
for the second section, it proposes a distinct
exercise by Congress of the military power to
detail an officer. Undoubtedly Congress may
direct others to detail officers; but this pro-
poses that Congress shall give the order. I
would like to hear that section again read.
The Clerk read the second, section of the sub-
stitute of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust the gentleman will
strike out that portion of the section which pro-
poses that Congress shall detail officers. The
language of the section is that five officers '' are
hereby detailed," and then it authorizes and
requires the General of the Army to designate
those officers. By the provisions of the section
the act of detailing the officers is one thing and
the act of designating them another. Now, if
we can command the President, or some other
officer, to designate officers for duty, we can'
also command him to detail them for duty. I
undertake to say that such a thing as Congress
detailing officers is unprecedented. We might
as well attempt to post a picket by £tct of Con-
gress or drill a regiment by act of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I put it in that shape to satisfy several
gentlemen, who thought it the best way to
obviate their objections. I found on examina-
tion that we did it often during the war, detail-
ing them by rank, though not by name. I hold
Congress has the right to send them anywhere
it chooses. But it seems in trying to accom-
modate everybody I find myself in the con-
dition of John Thompson's hat in the anecdote
of Dr. Franklin. I withdraw the amendment
to the second section, and ask that the section
shall stand as it was originally reported.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill was reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction, and under
the rule, as I understand, the gentleman cannot
make any modification of it.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman can modify
his own substitute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania another question.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. This bill stands now on
a motion to recommit, which of course pre-
cludes all further amendment. The gentle-
man has renewed the motion to recommit,
which was withdrawn for the purpose of mak-
ing the amendment we have heard, and as I
understand he intends to follow that motion
by a demand for the previous question, I ask
him whether we are to have any vote on any
other than the amendments before the vote on
the third reading? Will he not allow u3, be-
fore calling the previous question, and I put
the inquiry specifically, to have a voto on the
proposition submitted fay the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] last night?
Mr. STEVENS. All I can say is that after
full examination the committee think the bill
cannot be made to suit them better and the
country than it is; and the last one they would
favor is the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine. It will be for the House to say whether
it is good enough as it is. If they want to
amend it they will refuse to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I desire
merely to ask what will be the effect of differ-
ent votes on the original amendments? I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio desires to get
before the House for a vote of the House the
amendment moved by the gentleman from
Maine, which is to make the constitutional
amendment the basis of restoration together
with suffrage. I desire to know how that can
be reached by a vote of the House ? If the
previous question be voted down, then do the
amendments come in?
The SPEAKER. They would not.
Mr. RAYMOND. Would voting down the
previous question and the motion to recom-
mit allow us to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would.
The Chair will state, as the question fa pro-
pounded to him, that the pendency of the
motion to recommit, if the previous question
be seconded, brings the House to vote first on
the motion to recommit, and then on the various
amendments, and next on the third reading of
the bill. The previous question does not ex-
haust itself till the third reading of the bill.
