1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
aa assistant assessors, and their claims were
presented to Congress at this session and re-
ferred by the Senate to the Committee on
Finance. After an examination of two or
three of these claims, we found th^ the ser-
vices had been actually rendered in good faith
upon the appointments made by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and had been continued until
Congress had determined that money should
not be paid to them, when they were promptly
discharged, so far as the facts before us show.
This amendment simply provides that until the
time Congress determined that they should not
be paid they shall be compensated for the ser-
vices actually rendered.
Now, I would ask the Senate whether it
would be wise or just to refuse these men pay-
ment for their services when ■ those services
were rendered in the discharge of their duty,
as they supposed, by order of the Secretary of
the Treasury in pursuance of law, when the
services were, as it appears, faithfully and hon-
estly rendered and the taxes assessed by these
assessors were collected by the Government?
Under these circumstances the committee
thought it was not wise to refuse to these men
payment for services actually rendered. Hence
we provide that they shall be paid up to the
1st of August, and prohibited all pay beyond
that, because we thought the Secretary of the
Treasury was bound to respect and did respect
the decision of Congress at the last session.
It may be said that these services were ren-
dered without law or in violation of law. That
was true, and it was admitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; but. the necessity for
it was stated and the services were actually
rendered by these men. Their money was ex-
pended, and we have had the benefit of their
r services ; we have collected the taxes assessed
by them. These claims were supported by
urgent letters from some of the leading loyal
men of the southern States, among the rest
by Joshua Hill, of Georgia, and by very many
Unionists in Charleston, South Carolina, and
perhaps by others. Under these circumstances
the Committee ou Finance thought, it was but
just to pay for services actually rendered up to
the 1st of August, and from that time as a
. matter of course these persons cannot draw
any pay. It is a question appealing simply to
the equity and I think the justice of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. The Secretary of the 'I reas-
ury has been guilty of an illegal act; ay, more,
sir, he has been guilty of a crime, and the
Senator from Ohio is now seeking to cover it
over. I use plain language, for it is only in
that way that the conduct of the Secretary of
the Treasury can be properly characterized.
There was a law of the land as positive, as
Elaiu, as imperative as any law in the statute-
ook which prohibited the employment of any
person who could not take a certain oath. In
defiance of that statute the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his insane policy of reconstruc-
tion, in that madness which visited him and
the President whom he served, undertook to
employ certain persons who could not take
this oath. Complaint was made, and how did
the Secretary vindicate himself ? By a false-
hood, by an untruth. I have his report in my
hands, from which I shall read. In it he said:
"In most of the southern States nearly every man
of the character and intelligence necessary to quality
him for n position as a revenue officer, some tirno
durin? the progress of the war, cither engaged in
hostilities naainst the Government of the United
States, or held (willingly or unwillingly) office under
rebel authority."
Now, it is notorious, and there has been am-
ple evidence before the Senate, that in every
one of the southern States there were faithful
Unionists, some of whom had borne the brunt
■ of battle under your flag, who could have held
every one of these offices. In face of that un-
questionable fact the Secretary goes forward and
appoints rebels; and then he adds to the enor-
.nity of his conduct by a declaration of the noto-
rious untruth that there were not Unionists
who could be appointed.
Sir, the Congress of the United States has
been too patient under the misconduct of that
officer. I had the honor -at the beginning of
the last session of calling the attention of the
Senate to these very transactions, and I now
hold in my hand the report of the Secretary
which was made in answer to a call Which was
passed through the Senate on my motion.
Senators may remember that at the time it was
debated I say nothing now which I did not
say then. The Secretary of the Treasury has
been guilty of the grossest violation of law.
Congress ought to have censnred him in the
most solemn way. Both Houses ought to have
censured him for this violation of a law of the
land. But now, at this late hour, the Senator
from Ohio comes forward and asks us to pay
the rebels who have been thus put in office in
defiance of the laws of the land. Sir, if any-
body is expected to pay them, let the Secretary
of the Treasury pay them out of his own pocket.
He is the offender; he has violated the laws of
the land; let him pay for the violation. I am
against putting my hands into the pockets of
the gooa people of this country to pay for the
misconduct of one of our public servants.
When an act is done in unconscious viola-
tion of law there may be an occasion perhaps
for some kind of remedy ; but here there was
an open, flagrant, barefaced violation of the
law of the land. All who are familiar with
the history of the time know how notoriously
and with what barefaced language he vindicated
it. You see his report, which I hold in my hand,
by which he also vindicated it, perhaps in less
barefaced language than he notoriously cm-
ployed in his daily conversation, but there it
is, on open violation of the law of the land;
and now, if I understand the Senator from
Ohio, he proposes to pay down to a certain
date, and what date does he select ? The date
when he assumes that Congress had determined
not to change the oath. Why, sir, Congress
determined originally on the 2d day of July,
1832, not to change the oath. It was on that
day that the oath became the law of the land,
and when it became the law of the land you had
embodied in it the determination of Congress
not to change it, certainly until the change was
made. 1 submit, therefore, that there is no
occasion now for us to put our hands into the
pockets of the loyal people of the United
States to make payment to rebels. If the pay-
ment is to be made, let the Secretary of the
Treasury, who in violation of law undertook to
appoint these men, pay it out of his own pocket.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
Michigan will allow me to reply in a few words
to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CHANDLER. This proposition is the
substance of a bill which 1 originally drew.-
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, but I desire now
a few moments for the purpose of replying to
the Senator from. Massachusetts.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. I yield for
that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say
with respect to the remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts in regard to the Secretary
of the Treasury. It seems he has some diffi-
culty with the Secretary of the Treasury, or
some dislike to him, and he vents that dislike
on every occasion, proper or improper.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not yield now.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
charge me with 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not yield the floor.
The Senator from Massachusetts has said that
the Senator from Ohio endeavors to cover
up a crime. Mr. President, it is not parlia-
mentary language, and the Senator prides him-
self on using such. It is not gentlemanly lan-
guage, and the Senator prides himself on using
such. It is false. I have endeavored to con-
ceal no crime ; and I never did conceal crime
in all my life. The same charge could be made
in regard to every member of the Committee
on Finance, and in regard to the Committee
on Commerce which reported the same propo-
sition at the last session, and also in regard to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
It seems to me that it is too strong language
to say that a Senator here in the discharge of
his duty, in the advocacy of an important public
measure, is covering up a crime. Certainly we
did not seek to cover up a crime; on the con-
trary, the claim that is proposed to be paid by
this- amendment is as just as can possibly be
made by any man under the circumstances by
which these men were surrounded. These
men, it is true, could not hold office under and
by virtue of the provisions of a law in which I
concurred, which met my hearty approval. I
refer to the law providing that no man should
discharge the duties of any office under the
United States who could not take the oath of
office. That was the law; but the Secretary
of the Treasury in his annual report last year
stated that on the close of the rebellion he
could not find in some counties of the southern
States proper men who could take this oath.
Wherever he could find such men he employed
them, but in some of the counties he could not
find them. The Postmaster General made the
same declaration. Why does not the Senator
now abuse one of the honored citizens of my
own State who made the same declaration?
Mr. SUMNER. Who was that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Postmaster General Den-
nison. He made the same declaration, and
actually did appoint as postmasters in the
southern States persons who coald not take
the oath of office, and they hare actually been
paid by appropriations made by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator ask me
the question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; and I will
hear your answer.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will have
the goodness to go back to the debates at the
beginning of last session, he will find that I
criticised the Postmaster General as I criti-
cised the Secretary of the Treasury, and that all
the information on this subject was brought
ont on my call, whether it concerned the Treas-
ury or the Post Office just the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let ns look at it.
These men who could not take the oath of
office were employed by two public officers,
and the reasons for that action were given in
their formal communications to Congress.
Congress, with this fact staring them in the
face, with full official knowledge that these
men were going on in the discharge of their
duties, that they were assessing taxes, took no
action for months. No action was had by
Congress until the close of the last session,
and then in one of the appropriation bills by
a definite vote Congress refused to recognize
the validity of this employment, refused to
pay the persons up to that time for the services
rendered. In the mean time these men had
performed the work ; they had made out their
assessment rolls, and on these rolls we collected
money. We have appropriated and spent the
money collected by these men, and now it is
proposed to refuse them their pay. If my
friend from Massachusetts should go to his
house and see some negro man sawing a pile of
wood, and he should allowthat man to proceed
until the employment wa8 finished, would he
then turn around and say to himr •* I will not
pay you for this because I did not employ
you ? " Would that be honorable or honest or
just? Certainly not. The law would say that
in such a case the Senator must pay for the
cutting of the wood, because he allowed tln 
person to go on in an employment beneficial
to him and did not object to it. By the p'ain-
est principles of law he would be held respon-
sible. That is precisely this case. These men
rendered services, and we have availed our-
selves of their services. We knew they wen-
rendering the services and we made no objec-
tion to it. For five months they continued to
render these services before Congress acted on
the subject, and then Congress acted so as to
deny the obligation.
