1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
Mr. RAYMOND. Then to vote down the
previous question will substantially open ths
bill for amendment. ■ 
The SPEAKER. It will open the bill only
for debate. The gentleman can arrive at his
object if the majority of the House desire to
amend the bill, after seconding the previous
queition, to go through with it until the third
reading of the bill, and then reconsider that,
when the bill will be open for amendment, for
the previous question cannot be reconsidered
when partially executed.
Mr. BLAINE. When that is done, cannot
the motion to recommit be again interposed?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider be carried the Chair would recognize that
as an indication the House desired to amend
the bill, and would give the floor to some gen-
tleman who had an amendment to offer.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the previous question
is seconded would not the vote be taken first
on the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then if it is voted down
we could reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was. seconded.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
could not be reconsidered until it was entirely
43XGCllt60l.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I understand.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I am aware
that no measure can be more unpalatable to the
American people than one which provides for
a military government, and there is no position
In which I can myself be placed in the perform-
ance of a public duty more disagreeable than
that of an advocate of military rule. I shall,
however, make no apology for proceeding to
the discussion of the measure before the House
by the aid of common-place and inartificial pro-
cesses of examination and reasoning. My pur-
pose, in the first place, is to examine this bill in
connection with the amendments that are now
pending, moved by the chairman of the com-
mittee on the part of the House, for the pur-
pose of relieving, if possibly I may, the force
of some objections which have been made on
this side ot the House to the passage of this
bill. I then purpose to consider the amend-
ments proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] and the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] for the purpose of show-
ing how those amendments are inconsistent
with the vote of the House taken yesterday in
reference to a bill for the reconstruction of
Louisiana, and that they are also vitally and
dangerously inconsistent with any measure for
the permanent restoration of the rebel States
to their position and influence as loyal mem-
bers of the Government. I then purpose, in
conclusion, to present ccrtain general views
bearing upon the question of military author-
ity in the ton rebellious States, showing that
in- a large degree the necessity for the present
condition of things has arisen from the policy
of the President, a policy for which we are in
no proper degree responsible, but which in
its effect compels us, as the Representatives
of the people and as the law-making power
in the Government, bound to protect all per-
sons within the jurisdiction of the Union in
their rights of person, property, and liberty,
to resort to measures which otherwise we
could neither approve nor contemplate.
It has been objected that the committee did
not propose, in connection with this bill, a
measure or measures for the restoration of
civil authority in the ten States recently in
rebellion. That is true, and it may ha#e been
a mistake on the part of the committee. If
so, it is due in some degree, as far as I am
concerned, to an error of opinion as to what
this House was prepared to do. I refer now
to the vote of this House on the passage of the
bill for the reorganization of Louisiana.
It will be very well remembered that on
former occasions during the existence of this
Congress any proposition contemplating uni-
versal manhood suffrage was not only unani-
mously opposed on the other side, but failed
to receive the united or even the general
support of this side of the House. It there-
fore naturally came to be believed in the com-
mittee that if we should report a measure
which provided for universal manhood suf-
frage, either in one of these States or in the
ten States, we should fail to combine the entire
support of the loyal party in its favor. I have
now to say that it is one of the most note-
worthy facts in the history of this great eon-
test that the bill providing for civil govern-
ment in Louisiana, which passed this House
yesterday, was discussed to some extent on
this side, and for two consecutive hours without
interruption on the other side, and was not, I
believe, opposed by any gentleman upon the
ground that it provided for universal manhood
suffrage in the State of Louisiana. Only one
gentleman on the other side adverted inci-
dentally, as far as I heard, to the fact that
there was such a provision in the bill.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINCK. One of my objections to the
bill was that it proposed to disfranchise the
white people of Louisiana and confer suffrage
on the colored people. I made that point
distinctly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I referred to the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Finck,] and I believe I did not
misinterpret the force of his observations. It
was a passing incidental objection, instead of
being in the forefront of the reasons why the
bill for the reconstruction of Louisiana should
not bo adopted by the House. I have there-
fore to say for myself that I was in error as to
what this House, representing the country,
was prepared to do; and without submitting
to the interruption which is indicated by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hise,] I have
to say further that I congratulate the House
and the country, and give notice to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, and to all those of the
border States who sympathize with him in
opinion, that the time manifestly has passed
when there can bo any longer a question or a
struggle as to whether the colored people of
this country are to participate, as other men
participate, in the government of the country.
Speaking generally of the bill under consid-
eration, it has two advantages which 1 think of
primary, nay, I may say of vital importance, to
the future welfare of the country. One is that
it contains a distinct declaration for all political
purposes that the governments which have been
set up in the ten States recently hi rebellion are
mere pretexts, protended governments, having
no vital or binding force upon the people of the
respective States in which they have been set
up, and being in no sense entitled to the recog-
nition of the country.
The declaration is of importance to the future
of the country considered with reference to its
effect upon those governments, but it is of
more importance considered with reference to
the possible action of the Supremo Court of the
United States. If it bo true, as has been stated
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bi.yoiiam, ]
that on former occasions, and especially upon
the re'dnactment of the Freedmen's Bureau bill,
Congress did virtually admit that those ten
States were States in the Union, then the rea-
sons for the passage of this bill arc vastly in-
creased in force. Jf Congress, being the polit-
ical department, of the Government, entitled
under the Constitution to decide what govern-
ment in any State is the legal government, has
heretofore used language which can be properly
interpreted to support these pretended State
governments at the South, then it is of vital
necessity that that policy should be reversed and
another declaration made. Ifitshould happen,
as possibly it may, that the Supreme Court of
the United States should declare that those ten
States are States in the Union, entitled to all
the rights and privileges of States, and should
base that declaration upon any act of Congress,
then those States are restored as far as the
judiciary can restore them, and nothing remains
for Congress and for the people but to accept
that conclusion, or else to enter into fin unde-
sirable and dangerous controversy with the
chief judicial tribunal of the land.
In the preamble of this bill these words are
found: '' Whereas the pretended State govern-
ments of the late so-called confederate States,"
&c., thus declaring that these governments are
merely pretended State governments. While
this preamble will not in itself, as matter of
law, bind the legal tribunals of the country,
the text of the bill is connected with the prop-
osition in the preamble by the use of such lan-
guage as that there can be no mistake as to the
true import of the whole bill considered as a
measure of legislation. In the third section,
we have said:
And all legislative or judicial proceedings or pro-
cesses, to provent or control the proceedings of said
military tribunals, and all interference by said pre-
tended State governments "with the excrciso of mili-
tary authority under this act, shall bo void and of no
effect.
We have declared, then, in the preamble,
and in the text of the bill, that these are pre-
tended, not real State governments. How will
that declaration made by Congress affect the
action of the Supreme Court? As is very well
known, in the case referred to yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellababgbb,]
(Luther vs. Borden,) the Supreme Court held
that Congress was the department of the Gov-
ernment that was to decide in case of two gov-
ernments set up in a State which of the two
was the republican form of government. They
also decided another point which has not yet
attracted the attention of the country. It was
hold in general terms that it was in the power
of Congress io inspect the constitution of a
State where there was but one form of govern-
ment, and to decide whether that particular
constitution was republican or not. The Court
illustrated the proposition by saying that if a
State should establish a military- government
it would be in the power of Congress to set that
government aside and to institute proceedings
for the organization of a government republican
in form.
The Supremo Court, looking at these ten
States before it can discern judicially the
existence of States, must find State govern-
ments ; and if this bill be passed it will fail
entirely to find any State government what-
ever. They must also further find that the
State government existing in any State has
been recognized by the Congress of the United
States, and therefore, judicially, the Supremo
Court will have no capacity to see in either of
these ton States any government; and there-
fore for judicial purposes there will be no State.
It follows, then, that for the purpose which wo
have in view, which is to keep in our own
hands, as the political department of the Gov-
ernment, the reorganization of these ten States,
this bill in its present form is of vital import-
ance to the future welfare of the country. It
keeps in the hands of Congress and of the peo-
ple the control of a most important question ;
none other than this: whether these ten States
shall be admitted iuto this Union under the
lead and control of disloyal men, or whether
they shall be admitted under the lead and
control and by the direction and influence of
loyal men. This is the question before the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, in his judgment, a bill which estab-
lishes in these States a military government is
consistent with the duty of Congress to guar-
anty a republican form of governnjent to those
States ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Avery proper question,
and one in reference to which I hope to pro-
sent my views.
The remark has been made that the commit-
tee did not contemplate anything but a military
government for these States. This statement
is negatived by the concluding clause of the
preamble, which is in these words:
And whereas it is necessary that peaeo and good
order should be enforced in said so-called btates
until loyal and republican State governments can be
legally established, &c.
I may remark here that tlie gentleman from
