THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
January 14,
between'him .and the Chief Magistracy of the
Republic; -and those who could devise the
infernal cruelties of Andersonville and Salis-
bury, ofxBelle Isle and Libby, and of Castle
Thunder, and could quietly aild untaoved ob-
serve the horrors and sufferings of those hells
of malignant spite ajid fiefidish hate, would not
hesitate to accomplish their purposes by an-
other murder,-though it might be of him who
was the highest, .the greatest, and the best in
the land, and hence the assassination of Mr.
Lincoln.
The crime was committed. The way was
ittade clear for'the succession; an assassin's
byjletj wielded and .directed by rebel hand and
paid for by rebel gold, made Andrew Johnson
President of the United States of America.
The price that he was to pay for his promotion
was treachery to the Republic and fidelity to
the party of treason and rebellion.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order,
and I ask that the words first uttered by the
gentleman be taken down at the Clerk's desk.
My point of order is this: I understand the
gentleman from Missouri to charge the Pres-
ident of the United States'with complicity in
the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. I
desire to know if that be so;—and I think )t is
the fair import of his remarks—whether such
a.charge is in order, made by a member upon
this floor in a speech ?
The words objected to by Mr. Hale were
taken down at the Clerk's desk and read as
follows:
"The crime was committed. The way was made
clear for the succession; an assassin's builet, wielded
and directed by rebel hand and paid for by rebel
fold, mad O-Andrew Johnson President of the United
tates of America. The price that he was to pay for
his promotion was treachery to the Republic and
fidelity to the party of treason and rebellion."
Mr. HALE. The gentleman had read another
Sentence to the same purpose. I ask that those
words also be taken down.
Mr. LOAN. I think the gentleman is in
error on that point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that those words should be read now, so that
the Chair may rule upon the whole of it.
Mr. LOAN. I was about to read the next
paragraph when the gentleman interrupted me,
and had taken up a page of manuscript for that
purpose.
Mr. HALE. There were other words uttered
in my hearing at the end of the paragraph which
has been read by the Clerk, and it is those words
that I desire to have taken down.
Mr. LOAN". I am not under any obligation
to furnish the words the gentleman desires to
have taken down. Let him repeat them, and
when they are taken down I can say whether I
had uttered them or not. You made the point
of order, and you must tell what the words are
to which you object.
Mr. HALE. Am I to respond to such an
address as that made to me by a member of
this House ?
" The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has a right to state the words which he
desires to have taken down. The whole House
knows that where speeches are read from manu-
script, as in the case of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] they are not taken down
stenographically by the G-lobe reporters.
Mr. HALE. I will state that the words I
refer to were to the same effect substantially as
those I have had taken down. I cannot repeat
the exact language, but it carried the idea
directly that the now President of the United
States was a party to the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln, and contracted' to pay, and did
pay, a price for that assassination. I cannot
give the words of the gentleman from Missouri.
1 do, however, state that the words which he
used unquestionably conveyed that charge.
■ Mr. LOAN. I submit that if the gentleman
cannot give the other words, the point of order
must stop at that point at which he can give
them.
The SPEAKER. The ruling:of the Chair,
hd.wever, will cover the whole case, so that the
point will not be lost to the gentleman from •
New York, [Mr. Hale,] although the words
objected to by liim cannot be transcribed from
the reporters' short-hand notes to be read at
the Clerk's desk, as the reporters, supposing it
to be all a written speech, were not taking notes
at the time the objection was raised.
The Constitution of the United States, arti-
cle two, section four, reads as follows:
"The President, Vice President, and all civil officers
of tbe United States, shall be romoved from office on
impeachmentfor, and conviction of, treason, bribery,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
Another section of the Constitution provides
that the articles of impeachment must be found
by the House of Representatives and tried by.
the Senate.
On last Monday a resolution was submitted
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Kelso,]
a colleague of the gentleman now upon the
floor. The Chair will read a portion of that
resolution. It declares that—
It is the imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to take withoutdelay such action as will accom-
plish the following objects:
1. The impeachment of the officer now exercising
the functions pertaining to the office of the President
of the United States of America, and his removal
from office,-upon his conviction in duo form of the
crimes and high misdemeanors of which he is mani-
festly and notoriously guilty, and which render it
unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
2. To provide for the faithful and efficient admin-
istration of the executive department within the
limits prescribed by law.
Thisis a charge of crimes and high misdemean-
ors without specifying particularly what those
" crimes and high misdemeanors" were. That
resolution is now open to debate. If the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loan] now charges as
one of the "crimes and high misdemeanors"
of which the President of the United States
is guilty that he was in complicity with the
assassination of Mr. Lincoln, it is certainly
within the rules of this House and the provis-
ions of the Constitution. And the Chair so
rules for this reason : if it is not in order, then
if any member charges the President of the
United States to be guilty of treason, or of any
high crime or misdemeanor, he could not state
what were his reasons for making the charge ;
or if he believed the President or Vice Presi-
dent to be guilty of the crime of bribery, and
desired to have the matter investigated, he
could not state the specific grounds of his
charge.
The charge contained in the resolution from
which the Chair lias read is general and not
specific; it is "the crimes and high misdemean-
ors of which he [the President] is manifestly
and notoriously guilty.'' The gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] in debating the resolu-
tion, saw fit to specify one of the charges against
the President of the United States. That is
certainly not out of order.
Mr. HALE. I fear my point has not been
stated sufficiently explicitly. My point is this:
that the President of the United States cannot
be put on trial before this House except by sol-
emn form of impeachment; and that under a
resolution declaring simply, as does the resolu-
tion now pending, that it is the duty of this
House to inaugurate such proceedings as will
lead to the impeachment of the President, these
charges cannot be made; that before such
charges can be made here against any officer of
this Government he must be put on trial in
the constitutional form.
The SPEAKER. That would be a good
rule, the Chair would suggest, for action in the
Senate when they are trying a specific charge of
any impeachment. But before the impeachment
is ordered by the House, it is in order for any
member of the House to state the grounds upon
which he proposes to ask the action of the
House. If complicity in the assassination of
President Lincoln is a high crime and misde-
meanor, and the Chair has no doubt it is, then it
is in order for any member to make the charge
here. The charge is made here in the House,
upon the responsibility of the member from
Missouri, [Mr. Loan.] It is to be tried by a
committee of this House, and if they report' in
favor of articles of impeachment, then the ques-
tion is to be determined by this House; and if
the House find articles, of impeachment, they
are to be tried by the Senate, where the specific
charges presented by the House can alone be
considered.
Mr. HALE. Is the resolution now before
the House a resolution for the impeachment of
the President of the United States ?
Th)  SPEAKER. It iS a resolution declar-
ing it to be the imperative duty of Congress so
to do, which opens up the whole question,
according to the rules, as they have been con-
strued by all who have preceded the present
occupant of the chair as Speakers of this House.
The Chair, therefore, cannot restrain the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] in his re-
marks to that effect.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will not appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would take it
as a personal favor if the gentleman would
take an appeal, in order that so important a
question may be decided by the House and
not the Chair only.
Mr. HALE. " I do not take an appeal for
the reasojLthat I consider the Speaker's decis-
ion satisfactory, so far as the practice of the
House is concerned, although it is different
from my own idea of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that the House of Representatives should de-
cide a question so solemn and responsible as
this is.
Mr. STEVENS. The decision of the Chair
is all right.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will
appeal from the decision of the Chair in ac-
cordance with the Speaker's request, though
I shall vote to sustain it.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to lay the
appeal upon the table ; and upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and.nays were not ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will withdraw the
motion to lay on the table, and call for the
yeas and nays on deciding the appeal.
Mr. THAYER. I renew the motion to lay
the-appeal on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 101, noes 8.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, at the time when
the gentleman from New York interposed his
objection, I had just raised a sheet of paper to
read that which in my manuscript immediately
follows what has been read at the Clerk's desk.
In order that the connection may be clear I
will repeat a few words which I have already
read.
The price that he wps to pay for his promo-
tion was treachery to the Republic and fidelity
to the party of treason and rebellion. Has he
performed his part of this agreement as faith-
fully as the rebels did theirs? How answer
you, Representatives of the people? Has not
the nation been betrayed by its acting Chief
Magistrate? And does not Andrew Johnson
stand to-day the avowed and acknowledged
chief and leader of all those lately in rebellion,
and of those who sympathized with them ?
The conspirators having thus secured the
executive department of the Government, and
being sure that they might implicitly rely on
the judiciary for all required aid when the
assistance of that department should be in-
voked, it only remained for them to obtain
control of the legislative department to give
them full and absolute control of the Govern-
ment, which being done, they, profiting by past
experiences, would be careful to avoid the mis-
take they made under the administration of
Mr. Buchanan in surrendering again the con-
trol of the Government, but would use it and
its agencies as the sure means to effect their
purposes and accomplish its destruction. This
ascendency in the legislative department was
to be acquired by the admission of Senators
and Representatives from the rebel States,
