1208
THE CONG-EESSIOTAL- (JLOBB.
February IB,.
New York [Mr. Raymond] admitted the other-
day that life, liberty, and property were not
protected in these ten States; and it follows
as a matter of- course that somebody for the
time being is bound to furnish that protection.
What I ask the House to accept is, the fact
that there is no other practicable' way of fur-
nishing protection to life, liberty, apd property
in these ten' States except- through the instru-
mentality of a bill cbnferring grfeat powers upon
the military department of the Government;
but powewnot to he exercised without author-
ity of law, powers not to be exercised independ-
ent of Congress, but to be exercised precisely
as the police of a city exercise the vast powers-
confided to tliem. They derive their authority
from the law and they exercise the powers in-
trusted to them in obedienoe to principles of
law. They are always responsible to the peo-
ple as the source of law. The military depart-
ment in its operation in these ten States, whether
considered with reference to the people of the
whole country or considered with reference to
the powers that they exorcise, will be but as
the police of a city acting under authority of
law and in consonance with the principles of
law, possessing vast power, exercising great
authority, but always in subjection to law.
The moment they depart from the principles
of law, the moment they attempt to assume
or assert any authority not confided to them,
they become utterly powerless in the presence
of the majesty of the people, who will revoke
the delegated authority with the saroo judg-
ment ana the same certainty with which they
conferred it. It follows, therefore, that fifty or
sixty thousand men of the Army who may bo
intrusted with these powers in those States
will be, with reference to the people of those
States and of the country, but as tlic police of
a city.
I pass over the second section of this bill.
I believe that as reported by the committee it
is constitutional, and [ believe also that the
amendments suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would have been constitutional
also. But the main feature of this section,
whether aeeeptcd as roported by the commit-
tee or amended as suggested by the chairman
of the committee, is that which gives to the
General of the Army, subject, of course, to the
authority vested by the Constitution in the
President, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
authority to designate five ollicers of the rank
of major general or brigadier general, and
appoint, them to command the five districts
created and established by the bill.
In passing I venture to make a single obser-
vation for the purpose of relieving gentlemen
upon the point suggested by my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Scjjenck,] that it was not compe-
tent for Congress to detail officers of the Army
by rank. I do not at all concur in that idea
if by " detailing" is meant designating certain
officers by name or by rank and assigning
them to the performance of certain services.
The President is undoubtedly Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy; but by a pro-
vision of the Constitution Congress has power
to make rules-for the regulation and govern-
ment of the Army and Navy. The President
is required to command the Army in subor-
dination to the rules and regulations which
Congress prescribes. There would be no doubt
of the authority of Congress to send a fleet to
the Indian ocean for the protection of Ameri-
can commerce, and to detail Admiral Farragut
by name and assign to him a certain number
of vessels belonging to the Navy, and direct
him to proceed to the Indian ocean for the
purpose of protecting the commerce of the
United States. The authority of the Presi-
dent over the Navy is precisely the same as is
his authority over the Army.
Objection is made to another provision of
this bill, found in the third section, which au-
thorizes the military officers to allow local civil
tribunals to take jurisdiction of and try offend-
ers. It has been suggested that this provis-
ion is equivalent to a recognition of the State
governments which have been set up in those
States, and that in some way or to somedegree-
it conflicts with the provisions contained in the
preamble and in the text of the last paragraph
of the third section of the bill. I think that
this provision is not justly subject to any such
interpretation. We establish military author-
ity in that vast district of country. We give
to our military officers supreme, but not ne-
cessarily exclusive, jurisdiction over all local
aflairs; and by this provision1 we'put it in the'
power of the military officers to use the exist-
ing legal tribunals. The officer does not use a-
local tribunal because it was instituted by the
State and derives its powers from the State, but'
he uses it, if he uses it at all, because he finds
it there, because he finds the people acquainted
with its mode of administration-, and because
he can make it useful in protecting the prop-
erty, the liberty, and the lives of the people
within his jurisdiction. But no authority or
argument can be deduced from this provision
in favor of the pretended State governments
which have been setup. Our action in this case
will be precisely analogous with the conduct of
President Lincoln when my friendand colleague
[Mr. Banks] was in command in Louisiana. I
remember that at that time a proclamation was
issued, I suppose by the President, declaring
the constitution of Louisiana, except those
parts of it which related to slavery, the law of
Louisiana fur the time being. I was myself
slightly disturbed at that time by the fear that
the President recognized the old constitution
of Louisiana as binding upon the people of
that State becausc it had been the constitution;
but with his usual clearness ho made the dis-
tinction, and said that finding the constitution
there, and finding the people familiar with it,
he recognized it and caused it to be enforced;
and not because it had any vital power or
legal existence arising out of the fact that
previously it had been the constitution of the
State.
Mr. BANKS. Will my colleague [Mr. Bout-
well] allow me to say the constitution of Lou-
isiana was recognized, as ho has suggested,
only for tho purpose of the election, or with a
view to the establishment of a government im-
mediately by tho people, and not as a semi-
frame of government. It was recognized for
a special purpose.
Mr. B0U1WI5LL. Undoubtedly it was for
a special purpose. I did not introduce the
subject with the design of saying that it was
otherwise; but only for the purpose of showing
that it was competent for the authorities of the
United States to use institutions and frame-
works of government found in tho rebellious
States for tho purpose of accomplishing what
is desired; whether it be the protection of
life, liberty, and property, or whether it be the
reconstruction of the government itself. They
are used not because they have been established
in those States at some previous time, but
because they are convenient instruments of
accomplishing what we desire to have done.
They derive their power not from the fact that
they have been established as institutions of
the State at some previous time, but because
of tho fact that we endow them with life for
certain purposes, whether those purposes are
temporary or permanent. In this case, as in the
case of Louisiana, wo propose to use these in-
stitutions and trihunals for certain purposes,
for a limited period of time, and only until
another system can be introduced.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a word further.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will first yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Baxks.]
Mr. BANKS. There is one other distinction
to which the attention of my colleague [Mr.
Boctwem,] ought to be called. That distinc-
tion is that the constitution of Louisiana which
was recognized was in the hands of loyal men.
But the civil governments indirectly recognized
in this bill are in the hands of the enemies of
this country.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well; that for our
purpose is a distinction of no consequence
whatever, for the reason that the - military
officers having control over these tribunals will
deprive them of power from time to time, ancl
to such extent as may be necessary for the
purpose of securing protection to life and liberty
and property. If the tribunals referred to so
fail -under such- circumstances and for such
periods of time as to render it probable that
they cannot be usedr as. instruments of good
government)-then-they will be thrast aside alto-
gether. And so it would have been with the
constitution of Louisiana if in-the experiment
which was- tried it had failed to accomplish
that which the -President--desired, to wit: to
aid in- the restoration of civil government in
that State. Had it failed to do that the Pres-
ident would not have hesitated to put the hand
of military power upon that constitution at
once.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] will now allow
me a moment, I will say that I understand
the gentleman to admit that the whole govern-
ment of these people will be under the con-
trol of the military officer who maybe in com-
mand of the district or department, subject
alone to his supreme will, unless he shall con-
cede, if he shall see fit, a certain amount of
jurisdiction to the civil officers. Now, I would
inquire of the gentleman, in the first place,
what laws these military officers are to admin-
ister? whether they are to be the laws of their
own will which they are to administer upon
their own impulse and discretion, or whether
the laws and Constitution of the United States
and the laws and constitution of the State of
Louisiana? Are these the laws that they are
to administer, or are they to administer martial
law alone?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think I understand
what the gentleman desires to express. I may
say in one word that the supreme power will
undoubtedly be for the time'in the military
officers. But that power is limited by this bill
in various ways, and by the Constitution of the
United States, as I will undertake to point out.
But before entering upon that branch of the
subject I desire to refer to what has been said
in reference to the suspension by this bill of
the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. BANKS. Let me say just one more
word right here.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say one word in
confirmation of what my colleague has said :
that it was the distinct understanding of tho
military authorities and those they represented
in tho experiment in Louisiana that if it had
resulted in placing disloyal men in office the
whole affair would have been immediately sup-
pressed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no doubt of it.
As I was about to say, there is not in terms in
this bill any suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. If it be true, as is asserted in tho
preamble of the bill, that these are pretended
State governments and not real State gov-
ernments, then these State governments have
no power whatever over the privilege of the
writ.
Tho privilege of the writ of habeas corpus is
a privilege which can be enjoyed only under
those governments which are legitimate and
recognized. Therefore, when we declare that
the governments in these ten States are pre-
tended governments and not real governments,
as far as those governments are concerned they
neither have nor can have any power over the
writ of habeas corpus in any form. Hence it
follows that this bill is broader in its provis-
ions tli§n the mere suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus as far as the tribunals of tho
so-called States are concerned. The bill not
only suspends their fuuetions in that particu-
lar, but it suspends by its power all their func-
tions. So far as the courts of the United
States are concerned there is no suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus but only a regulation
of the mode in which the privilege of the writ
shall be enjoyed by the people. With refer-
ence to this point the amendment introduced
