1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the gentleman from OEio [Mr. Bingham]
seems to me very proper; and I trust that it
may be adopted.
I come now to certain provisions of the bill
Which limit the authority of the military officers.
It is declared first—
That it shall bo the duty of oach officer assigned as
afciresaid to protect all' persons in their rights of per-
son and1 property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the publio peace and criminals.
Then it is declared in the fourth section that—
All persons put under military arrest by virtue of
this act shall be tried without unnecessary delay; and
no cruol or unusual punishment shall bo iaflioted—
Using in this respect the language of the Con-
stitution.
Then the fifth section provides—
That no sentonco of any military commission or
tribunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or lib-
erty of any persen, shall be executed until it is ap-
proved by the officer in oommand of tho district.
_ Underthe general principles of law and prac-
tice no capital punishment can be inflicted until
the sentence shall have been approved first by
the military commander of the district, and
then referred to the President of the United
States and approved also by him. Thus we im-
pose upon these officers those obligations which
are imposed upon other departments of the
Government by the Constitution of the United
States. We have, then^ always in the presence
of these officers the political power of the Gov-
ernment to arrest their proceedings at any time
if they are harsh, unjust, unwise, or oppressive
in any degree.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether he considers that this bill
secures to a person accused of a capital offense
the right of trial by a jury of his peers ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. It does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not, then, in direct
conflict with that provision of the Constitution
which declares that a party charged with crime
shall be entitled to a trial by jury, to be con-
fronted with the witnesses against him, &c. ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, tho Con-
stitution provides—the provision was quoted
the other day—that "tho privilege of .the writ
of habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless
when in eases of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require-it.'' Now, sir, there is a dis-
tinction which can properly be made, but which,
so far as I have observed, has not been indicated
upon this floor. It is this : that the power of
Congress to suspend tho privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus is not confined to periods of
rebellion or invasion; but it arises when there
is a case of rebellion or invasion and it ceases
to exist only when in the judgment of the law-
making power th^ occasion has passed. There-
fore the people of these ten States are to-day
not only without civil governments—that has
been declared by the executive department,
and it is also affirmed in this bill—-but they are
also in that condition, even if the existing
governments are valid, when it is in the power
of Congress to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus for the reason that a case of rebellion
exists. Although war is no longer flagrant in
that part of the country it still is true, as is
confessed by gentlemen on all sides, that as an
effect and consequence and incident of the
rebellion, there is 110 real protection to life,
person, or property. There was a case of
rebellion and the consequences remain.
Therefore the case of rebellion having arisen,
the consequences, incidents, and facts of that
case yet continuing, the power of the Govern-
ment over the people of these vast regions of
country, aside from the rights of conquest, is
as supreme and exclusive as it was over the
sections of the country subjugated by the arms
of the Republic during the time while tho re-
bellion was flagrant in other portions of the
South.
Mr. RAYMOND. If it does not interrupt the
gentleman Jrom Massachusetts, and I under-
stand it does not, I desire to ask him a ques-
tion on one point which seems to me a point
of distinction in that matter. The gentleman
maintains inasmuch as tho invasion, the rebel-
lion, the' endangerment of the- public safety
continued, therefore the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus continued.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The power to suspend.
. Mr. RAYMOND. But as-1 understand it,
by proclamation duly authorized by law,- that"
state of rebellibn'has been le^stlly ended, and'
therefore this is a new exercise of power. It
is not the continuance of a previous exorcise
of' power, but a new state of things having
arisen, the war having been ended and pro-
claimed ended' in accordance with law; this-is
a new exercise of that power.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The proclamation by
tho President had no other effect, as' I under-
stand, than to declare that flagrant war was
at an end; but no proclamation of the Presi-
dent, whatever may be the terms in which it
is couched, can ever deprive the legislative
department of its constitutional authority to
decide for itself in the case of rebellion that
the privilege, of the writ shall be suspended.
The President cannot deprive the legislative
department of the Government of tho power of
deciding for itself when tho case of rebellion
exists and when the effects and* consequences
of that rebellion terminate. Tho power is
here, and no paper proclamation of the Presi-
dent can ever divest us of it.
Mr. ELDttlDGE rose.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I fear all my time will
be consumed with these interruptions. I will
yield to tho gentleman from Wisconsin and
then decline to yield to all others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 understand the gentle-
man to claim that the suspension of tho writ, of
habeas corpus itself justifies tho holding of tho
person charged with crime and the depriving
him of an immediate trial. I do not understand
that the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
has any such effect; but on the contrary, I
hold the provisions of tho Constitution still
applies, that ho is entitled to be tried speedily
by an impartial jury, and bo confronted with
the witnesses against hirn, and to have the
assistance of counsel for his defense.
Mr. BOUTWELL. [decline to yield further.
I have only to say that in my view, as far as
these ten States are conccrncd, when the exi-
gency exists it is competent for Congress to
declare that they shall be governed by martial
law; to declare that pretended State govern-
ments have 110 power to grant writs of habeas
corpus or do any other act of government ex-
cept as they derive it from military authority.
The military government for tho time being
will be supreme, but not necessarily exclusive,
because these military officers may, as pro-
vided in this bill, grant to tho local tribunals an
opportunity to dispose of questions as they may
arise among the people.
Mr. Speaker, passing from the provisions
of the bill, 1 wish to call the attention of the
House to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [.Mr. Bingham,] and the
amendment offered by tho gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] which are similar in
character. I observe these amendments are
supported by quite a number of gentlemen on
this side of the House. Without examining
into the details of the amendments I have
this to say, that any general proposition for
the restoration of these States to the Union
upon any basis sot forth in an act of Congress
is fraught with the greatest danger to the future
peace and prosperity of the Republic.
The reason is apparent: yesterday we passed
a bill providing for the admission of Louisiana
to the Union. I will refer now to the provis-
ions of this bill for the purpose of deducing
therefrom an argument against the proposed
amendments of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
I11 the lirst place, we have taken the utmost
care in that bill to secure a loyal governor for
Louisiana while the process of reconstruction
is going on. We have taken the utmost secu-
rity that the legislative council shall be com-
posed of loyal men; that no person shall be
elected a delegate to the constitutional conven-
tion or legislature who has ever had anything
whatever to do with the rebellion.
And for what purpose have we taken all
these-securities? For this purpose alone; as
I apprehend', that we- set up- as the principal
figures' in' the reconstruction of Louisiana loyal
men. We clothe them with power so that all
the people of Louisiana, loyal and rebel, may
see that all power in that new State, underthe
policy of Congress, is given to loyal men, and
also that disloyal men are carefully excluded.
I tiecd not dwell upon what is a well-known
and patent fact, that when you create a State,
when you give power to a Governor, whenyoa
appoint a legislative'council, when yori select
judges, it is of tho first importance that they
be loyal men if you desire to construct a loyal
State.
How is it, how will it bo under the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio?
■yfle lays down a general rule under which each
of these nine States is permitted to reconstruct
itself and obtain admission into the Union.
What is to be the effect of this iheasure? The
legislative departments of those nine States
are all in the hands of dMoyal men. Every
Governor, every judge, is a disloyal man. The
majorities in eacli of the Legislative Assem-
blies is composcd of disloyal men. As soon
as it is ascertained, as it will be if tho amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio prevails, that
certain things are to bo done in order to secure
admission into Congress, what happens? These
disloyal authorities proceed at once to do that
which the gentleman from Ohio say,s they must
do before they are admitted into Congress.
Disloyal men in these States become the cen-
tral figures in the Government. They become
the source of power A
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot; I have only
a few minutes left. The effect of this will be
that these nine States will appear here with
their constitutions framed as you demand, the
constitutional amendment adopted, and negro
suffrage provided for, but every, officer in the
States will be a disloyal man. {'Am I told that
the ponding amendment to the Constitution
excludes certain persons? To be sure it does;
but tho number excluded is very small in pro-
portion to tho whole number of disloyal people
111 those States. Nothing remains except for
the disloyal people to selcct men who are dis-
loyal but who will not come under the ban of
the constitutional amendment. ^The conse-
quence is that tho timid people, black and
white, who adhere to authority, who naturally
place confidence in men of power, will-be the
sport of disloyal men. Thus you permit dis-
loyal men to set up and control tho governments
which are to be formed in these nine States.
Therefore I protest with all the power I can
command against any general proposition for
the admission of these States into the Union ;
arid in that protest I do not mean to be under-
stood as entertaining the opinion that these
States ought not to be restored as speedily as
possible. But I do assert and maintain that
cither tho bill which passed yesterday should
be passed for these several States as they may
appear qualified to take their places in the
Union, or one somewhat like that proposed by
my colleague, [Mr. Banks.] Take each State
and provide that the men who arc intrusted
with the organization shall be loyal men; secure
a loyal government, loyal judges, loyal Legis-
latures, a loyal convention tor framing t he State
constitutions, and thereby you secure loyalty
among the people of each of the new States.
If you allow power to go into the hands of the
disloyal people of the South they will without
doubt reconstruct governments as you demand.
They possess all the means of information;
they command in a large degree the intellect
of the South ; they control the institutions of
learning; the clergy is in th'eir interest. And
having all the means of influence and power,
if in addition we allow them the offices in the
incipient. State, they will rally to their support
enough of the people to control the State for a
