1867.
M CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
and by the acquisition of sympathizing friends
from the loyal States, whose elections were to
be secured by means of the distribution of the
patronage of the Government.
For the purpose of accomplishing the first of
these objects, the Executive, in the vacation
that intervened between the adjournment of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress and the time appointed
by law for the assembling of the Thirty-Ninth,
and which (the Thirty-Ninth Congress) he
could have convened in extra session at any
time, by the most unheard-of usurpation of
power, proceeded to reorganize the revolted
States upon a rebel basis and to restore them
to their practical relations with the Govern-
ment. By executive orders provisional govern-
ors—officers unknown to the law—were ap-
pointed over those States; conventions were
called; the qualification of voters was pre-
scribed, and the elections were conducted under
military surveillance; in a word, the will of An-
drew Johnson was imprinted upon every polit-
ical action there, and the result was the selec-
tion for Senators and Representatives for those
States, with scarcely an exception, of the most
capable, active, energetic agents of the rebel-
lion, civil and military, that the confederacy
contained. While engaged in these acts of
usurpation and crime, and when some of the
discerning minds in the country saw danger to
the iiepublie in this monstrous abuse of execu-
tive authority, the President, to hide his crimi-
nal purposes, craftily misled the public—who
are ever confiding in the high officers of the
Government—by declaring to individuals who
spoke to him upon the subject, and in official
communications to those who were in the exer-
cise of authority in the rebel States, that his
interference for the purpose of reorganizing
those States was only an experiment to ascer-
tain the real temper and disposition of the rebels
for the purpose of deciding the proper course
that should be pursued toward them, and that
the whole matter would have to be referred to
Congress, when it met, for the action of that
body, as it had exclusive jurisdiction over the
entire subject. In the mean time extraordinary
exertions were used to secure the organization
of the rebel States prior to the time appointed
by law for the assembling of Congress, which,
with one or two exceptions, was accomplished.
In the President's annual message to Congress
all disguise was thrown off, and the Executive
boldly demanded as a right the admission into
Congress of Senators and Representatives from
the rebel States as organized under his authority
and by his direction.
The effect this insolent demand had on the two
Houses of Congress, and the changes that the
minds of various members have since under-
gone in relation thereto, areprobably known to
the most of us ; but it is not necessary at this
time further to allude to them than to say that
the action of the two Houses has been such as
to refuse admission to these Halls to the Sen-
ators and Representatives of all the States
lately in revolt, with the single exception of
those from the State of TennesSee.
In this action of the two departments of the
Government the issue "whether loyalty or
treason shall rule the Republic'' was fairly made
between the loyal majority in Congress on the
one side, and the Executive, the reconstructed
rebels and their sympathisers on the other; and
upon this issue both parties appealed to the
people. Pending this appeal the second propo-
sition of the conspirators, that of securing addi-
tional members in the rebel interest by carrying
the elections in the loyal States by moans of the
patronage of the Government and other Ad-
ministration influences, was to be accomplished.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from Missouri have expired.
_ Mr. LOAN. I appeal to my colleague to
give me further time.
Mr. KELSO. I yield to my^ colleague so
much time as he may need to finish his speech.
Mr. LOAN. The better to conceal their
purposes it was proposed to organize a third or
Johnson party, and for that object the "lock-
jaw" convention was called and held in Phila-
delphia on the 14th of August last. But no one
was deceived by its mummeries. The least
informed and the simplest minded clearly un-
derstand that on these great questions there
are but two parties—one for the country and
the other against it. In the very nature of
things it cannot be otherwise. He who created
the universe created a heaven above and a
hell beneath. There was no provision made
for an abiding place for the third or the John-
son party; and all those who are unworthy of
admission with the Union people in the courts
above must be content to be collected together
with that mass of discordant material down
below. Apostates and renegades, rebel sympa-
thizers and rebels, guerrillas, bushwhackers,
and cut-throats, harmonize with the most won-
derful unanimity on the presidential policy;
and I am sure that no good reason can be given
for their separation hereafter.
All the agencies that result from the blan-
dishments of high official power and from the
immense patronage of the Government, suffi-
cient to corrupt any people less intelligent or
less honest than ours, were brought to bear to
bribe the people with their offices and their
money to forsake their devotion to their coun-
try and its free institutions, its free ideas, and
free speech. It is not necessary for me to
enter into any detail of the desperate and reck-
less manner in which these agencies were used,
as they are matters of public notoriety and are
known to all. It is, however, proper to say
that they met with that signal foilure which
was their just fate at the hands of an intelli-
gent, virtuous, but outraged people.
In this canvass questions were raised and
discussed before the people, one of which at
least has a pertinent bearing upon the ques-
tion now under consideration, and that is: why
did not Congress, when it became evident that
Mr. Johnson had betrayed the country and
identified himself with the rebels, at once im-
peach and remove him, and confide the admin-
istration of the Government to the hands of
some one who was in sympathy with the peo-
ple who saved the Republic from rebel rule
and dismemberment? There were those here
then who fully realized the necessity for such
action, and were then ready to adopt radical
and efficient measures for securing the faithful
administration of the Government, in obedience
to the Constitution and laws. But there were
others who, if not more'hopeful of a change for
the better, were at least more cautious, and
they advised delay to await further develop-
ments, and in the Ihean time consult the peo-
ple upon questions so momentous.
Yielding to these demands, golden moments
and golden opportunities were allowed to pass
unimproved. Upon these and all other ques-
tions submitted to them the people at the last
elections, through the ballot-box, sent us their
response in no doubtful tones; they have de-
clared that they have no sympathy with trai-
tors or treason. The conspirators, undismayed
by the overwhelming majorities with which the
people condemned "my policy," and with
courage, determination, and energy that chal-
lenge admiration, are boldly perfecting their
plans for another armed collision if success
for them cannot be otherwise obtained. I
have 110 time to enter into details now. Pro-
voked at the fidelity of the people when a
presidential party were recently swinging round
the circle indiscreet utterances such as '• Would
you have Mr. Johnson President or King?'.' and
the threat made at Newark, in Ohio, of inter-
necine war unless the people by their suffrages
sustained the presidential policy, indicate that
revolutionary and forcible measures had been
contemplated as means, in certain contingen-
cies, to accomplish the ends they have in view.
More recently the toasts proposed and the sen-
timents uttered in response thereto at the 8th
of January banquet at the National Hotel in
this city go to show the extent to which the
plans of the conspirators had been perfected,
and their jubilant exultation, the confidence
with which they expected success. The care-
fully prepared declarations of the President on
that occasion show his fixed' and unalterable
determination, regardless of consequences, to
restore rebel domination in the Republic.
And the impetuous gentleman from- New
Jersey, who was also heard on that interest-
ing occasion, and whose courage in speaking
his sentiments is unquestioned, whatever may
be thought of his judgment, discretion, or pru-
denee in so doing, gives us reliable informa-
tion of the means that will be finally resorted
to to secure success when he says: " That if the-
electoral votes of the southern States and the
conservatives of the North should constitute a.-
majority at the next regular presidential elec-.
tion, and should the radicals dispute the right
of their President to control the Government,,
he, for one, was for calling on the Army of the
country." [Tremendouscheering.] "Theissue
would come and the brave would meet it. .No
one should close his eyes to the fact that this
issue would have to be met."
The tremendous cheering with which these
sentiments were received conclusively shows
that they were not the heedless utterances of
a reckless and impulsive young man, but
the well-considered and approved purposes of
those who heard and applauded them, among
whom, be it remembered, was the President
of the United States, who spoke no word of
disapproval of the words of the speaker which
committed him to such criminal purpose.
Mark the words: " No one should close his eyes
to the fact that this issue would have to be
met." There is nothing doubtful in that lan-
guage. But when must this fearful issue be
met? I commend the inquiry to the careful
consideration of those Republicans who are
not prepared to act decisively on the question
under consideration : and I tell them now, as
the gentleman from New Jersey has told them
in his speech, that that •' issue has to be met."
But when ?
The brave man meets the danger that is inev-
itable, and by courage and prompt action takes
it at disadvantage and overcomes it. Others
wait and dread a danger that they cannot es-
cape and which they dare not meet until, by
their inaction and delay, it accumulates a
strength and power that is resistless, and then
it crushes them. Shall we wait until the con-
spirators have perfected their plans and suc-
cess is sure to follow the blow they strike?
Remember the issue has to be met. The brave
soldiers of the Republic met it on more than
two hundred battle-fields, and more than six
hundred thousand of them fill untimely graves
that the Republic might live. The people met
the issue between loyalty and treason at the
recent elections, and through the ballot-box
they spoke their condemnation of all that be-
longs to treason and traitors, and clothed us,
their agents, with full, power and authority to
remove the curse of treason from the Govern-
ment and from all its offices, and they require
us to act at once, and decisively and efficiently.
They have made us masters of the situation
and require us to act. They demand the im-
mediate reorganization of the rebel States
upon the basis of loyalty, universal liberty,
and impartial suffrage, free speech and a
free press and protection to person and prop-
erty alike in every part of the Republic. For
the sake of excluding rebel Senators and Rep-
resentatives from Congress they are not con-
tent to have discord and anarchy under con-
trol of rebel influences to continue its rule in
the rebel States ; to have the loyal sentiment
there crushed out for want of active protection
from the Federal Government; the Union peo-
ple murdered and their property confiscated;
nor are they willing to continue the Govern-
ment in its present anomalous condition,
whereby nearly one third of the States that
ought to compose the Union are prevented
from resuming their practical relations to the
Government to the great injury of the national
credit and to the great danger of the Govern-
ment itself. Inaction on our part may enable
the rebels to secure the absolute control_of the
Government. Already they can rely with the
most implicit confidence upon two ot the three
