1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
long period of time. Therefore I am of the
opinion clearly that if we were to pass bills
to-morrow for the reconstruction of every one
of these States, those bills should be separate;
they should be framed like the bill passed yes-
terday in relation to Louisiana, that thereby
we may have the influence of the military
officers in support of the new State govern-
ments we desire to establish.
I hold further that we are driven to this
extreme measure because the policy of the
President has failed, for some reason or other,
to secure to the people of the South protection
of life, liberty, or property. I have in my desk
a statement in detail which I suppose and have
reason to believe is very imperfect, but which
contains the names of forty persons murdered,
and the places are named where they were
murdered in the State of Arkansas, within a
comparatively brief period of time. Although
many of the murderers are known not one
of them has been "brought to justice or oven
arraigned before any tribunal.
There are now, as far as I can understand,
but four methods which can be resorted to for
reconstructing the governments of the rebel
States. The first mode is to admit all the
southern States upon the plan suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I have
already indicated as .clearly as I am able the
objections I entertain to that plan. I consider
it nothing more and nothing less than a propo-
sition to put all those State governments into
the hands of the rebels.
The second plan is to leave those States as
they are now. Are gentlemen prepared to do
that ? Arc they prepared to continue this grand
carnival of disquiet, disorder, bloodshed, and
murder throughout the South? Wo shall be
false to our duty if we permit the existing con-
dition of things to continue one day beyond
tho time when wo can relieve ourselves from
the circumstances in which we are placcd.
Tho third plan is to follow the example set
in tho ease of Louisiana by the bill which wo
passed yesterday. We may follow that ex-
ample as speedily as possible, even though we
pass the bill now before tho House. The bill
for a military government over the insurrec-
tionary States does not interfere at all with the
reconstruction of North Carolina or Arkansas,
or any other State, should Congress deem either
in a fit condition to be received into tho Union
of States.
But in the mean time, as I believe, it is
necessary to establish some sort of govern-
ment there which shall protect tho people in
their rights; and I know of no moans what-
ever except to employ for that purpose the
military force of tho Government. 1 do not
participate at all in tho idea that the military
will in any degree deviate from the strict lino
of thoir duty. I do not apprehend that they
will oppress any man, or that it will do any-
thingfrom malice, or for any unjust purpose.
I believe that temporarily it will be a safe
depositary of the public power, and that we
can at least do that which thus far the Govern-
ment has failed to do since the suppression of
the rebellion, protect our friends against the
injustice and wrongs under which they have
suffered for now more than two years, and
under which they are writhing in tho very
agony of death.
I have promised to yield the remainder of
my time to tho gentleman from New York,
[Mr.■ Ward.] But there is so little of my time
left I do not know that he will want it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has five
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I can hardly
say in five minutes anything worthy of the sub-
ject. I thank the gentleman for his courtesy.
I will ask him, if he has no objection, to yield
tho five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will do so with pleasure.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems exceedingly diffi-
cult to get the privilege of somefourorfive min-
utes of time; but I will avail myself of it for
necessarily a few remarks.
I wish to say, in the first place, that I heartily
assent to the necessity of martial law being
extended over these States that have been in
rebellion ; but I am just as decided in the opin-
ion that, in extending martial law over them
with a view to keeping them in a condition of'
peace and good behavior until civil govern-
ments can be established, we ought at the same
time, as a part of the system, to indicate to
them what we require them to do. And here
seems to be the point on which gentlemen who
want to press this bill naked to a vote differ
with myself and those who agree with me. If
I understand the sentiment of the country and
of the Republican party of the country, Con-
gress is called upon to adopt and declare some
policy, some scheme, some plan upon which
these States are to be restored. Now, sir, it
is proposed upon the one hand that the whole
plan shall consist in putting them under mar-
tial law until they are in fit condition to have
representation. _ I aver that this is only half
the work. I aver that while you are subjecting
these men to the rule of the bayonet you ought,
at the same time, to indicate to them what you
require them to do in order that they may bo
rid of tho bayonet. This is proposed by tho
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] and explained by him
yesterday. _ I understand my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] is willing to withdraw his amend-
ment in order to let this distinct, succinct
proposition come in.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept the words giving
universal suffrage," letting the amendment re-
main otherwise as it was.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, what do the friends
of this amendment propose ? They say, " Pass
your bill declaring martial law, but accompany
it with an additional provision which shall
indicate to tho States that have been in rebel-
lion what you expect thom to do in order that
they may got rid of martial law by showing
their fitness to have it lifted from them." This
amendment is of itself an argument which, it
seems to me, appeals to this House and to tho
whole country, and especially to that party in
the country that has sent tho majority to this
House. It proposes that whenever the con-
stitutional amendment which has been sub-
mitted by this Congress to the States "shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, and when any one of the late
so-called confederate States shall have given
its assent to the same and conformed its con-
stitution and laws thereto in all respects," this
shall bo one of the conditions upon which that
State shall bo relieved from martial law. Now,
sir, what is that proposed amendment to tho
Constitution? Just what this Committee on
Reconstruction gave us at the last session of
Congress—securing equality of representation ;
debarring from the privilege of holding office
the dangerous men of the South until their
disqualification shall be removed by two thirds
of both Houses of Congress; providing for
maintaining inviolate the public faith; prohib-
iting payment for slaves. It is unnecessary
for mo to recapitulate the provisions of that
amendment. They are familiar to every gen-
tleman here.
But, sir, the condition I have specified is not
the only condition proposed to these States as
that upon compliance with which they shall be
relieved from martial law. It is further re-
quired that tho State "shall have provided by
its constitution that the elective franchise shall
be enjoyed equally and impartially by all male
citizens of the United States, twenty-one years
old and upward, without regard to race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, except such
as maybe disfranchised for participating in the
late rebellion"—thus securing what this meas-
ure providing for martial law does not secure,
and what is not clearly secured by the bill in
relation to Louisiana.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to call the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
grant me a few moments more before he
demands the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman
two minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am sorry to be restricted
in this discussion to so brief a time; but I
suppose I must be thankful for small favors.
I will complete what I was about to say of
the character of this amendment in its several
parts. This constitution thus made, pending
these provisions, must itself have been sub-
mitted to the vote of the State that desires to
get rid of martial law, and ratified by a vote of
the people of that State: and when the consti-
tution thus ratified by the popular vote shall
have been thus sanctioned by the people of the
State, it is still to be submitted to Congress for
examination and approval; and that State
then, if its constitution be approved by Con-
gress, shall be declared, but not till then, en-
titled to representation in Congress on taking
the oath on the part of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives who shall be sent here.
What I claim—I must say it in a word, for I
am allowed no longer time—is that if you pre-
sent this in the shape of law you ought to pro-
vide a complete scheme, to say to these men
they shall be put under martial law until they
properly deport themselves; and when that is
manifest, what they are to do to get rid of martial
law. Anything less than that would be mock-
cry, and but partial legislation. We ask, there-
fore, for a scheme; we ask for consistency;
we ask for a plan; we ask for a policy to be
adopted by Congress. But instead of meeting
the expectation of the country, the only reply
seems to be it is sufficient to give us half a
scheme, and not to present it in its whole en-
tirety.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr; STEVENS. I desire to ask the House
whether they are ready to close this matter by
taking a vote on it. I therefore call for the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not bo seconded. I want to explain
to the House why we should have a vote on the
pending .amendment.
Tho House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 70.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Boutwell
and Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 5-1, noes 79.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I owe my thanks, Mr.
Speaker, to the House for giving me the op-
portunity of presenting to it tlie issue which
is thus sharply made between the honorable
gentleman who has charge of this bill and
myself. And before I proceed further in this
discussion I thank the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania for so far conquering his
prejudices as to deem one amendment pro-
posed by me to tho bill as not unworthy of his
acceptance. I refer, sir, to the amendment
offered by me to the fourth section of the bill
as reported by the gentleman, and which
amendment is in the words following:
Except in eases in which t.ho person is held to
answer only for a crime or crimes exclusively within
the jurisdiction of tho courts of the United States
within said military districts, and indictable therein.
This amendment having been accepted by
the gentleman, there remains, therefore, Mr.
Speaker, in controversy the additional amend-
ment which I propose to insert, and which is as
follows:
Whereas it is expedient that the said States lately
in insurrection should, at the earliest day consistent
with the future peace and safety of the Union, be
restored to full participation in all political rights;
and whereas the Congress did, by joint resolution,
propose for ratification to the Legislatures of tho
several States, as-an amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States, an article in the following
words, to wit:
Article —.
Sec. 1, All persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted fetates, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
