1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
remarked that we had better stop finding fault
with the President for his illegal and improper
actions if we here indorse the principle upon
which he has acted.
Sir, I am content to record my vote against
this measure, and I sincerely hope that this
body will not adopt it. I hope that upon a
review of the question it will so strike the Com-
mittee on Finance, who have the honor now
of taking the proposition from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ne-
vada cannot be in earnest in saying we took
this from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE. I leave that question to the
Senator from Ohio and my belligerent friend
from Michigan. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have before me five
papers which were referred to the Committee
on Finance by the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I desire to relieve the Senator
from any misapprehension. There have been
papers enough here for all the committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is one petition, in
■ which the petitioner states exactly what he did
in the ordinary form of a revenue return. It
seems that Thomas D. E. Dudley, one of these
petitioners, rendered his account in the regular
form prescribed by the Treasury regulations
for the amount of 5115 58. This is certified
to by the assessor, who was appointed and
confirmed, no doubt a loyal man, for the first
district of South Carolina. It seems that the
amount of his assessments was about two thou-
sand dollars. The amount assessed on the
monthly list $125, on the annual list $595, on
the special list $1,182; making about two
thousand dollars collected on his assessments,
aud his account for services is $115 58. I
have no doubt the Treasury of-the United
States received this $2,000, and it could not
have been received but for his assessments.
In his petition he states, whether truly or not,
that there was no one in his district who could
have subscribed to the oath.
Mr. SUMNER. ^ Now I ask the Senator
whether he can believe that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not say that I can-
not believe any man who makes a statement
until I know the contrary.
Mr. SUMNER. When any person tells me
that in one of those districts there was nobody
who could take the oath, I take the liberty to
say that I do not believe it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the State of South
Carolina, where this man lived, I am not pre-
pared to say that there was any person in one
of the districts competent to discharge the
duties of the office who could take the oath.
No doubt all fell under its operations directly
or indirectly; but I do not go into that ques-
tion. Suppose it is true this man rendered
service as assistant assessor, and he earned,
according to the law, $115.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not according to law.
Mr. SHERMAN. He could not take the
oath; but by his services he has secured to the
Government $2,000. Now, will the Govern-
ment refuse to pay him $115, and at the same
time keep the money that has been collected
through his agency? I have done my duty. We
had no doubt about the question, after full ex-
amination, in the Committee on Finance. It
was an appeal to our sense of justice and our
sense of equity.
Mr. SUMNER. I should not have said an-
other word but for the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio. He complained because I called
the conduct of the Secretary of the Treasury
criminal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; I did not say
anything about that.
# Mr. SUMNER. I think the report will show
that the Senator said a good deal about it; and
then he complained because I went further and
said that he had sought to cover up a crime.
Now, I mean that there shall be no question
between my friend from Ohio and myself on
that. I do not suppose that my friend intends
intentionally, if I may say so, to cover np a
crime; but I do say that the effect of all he is
now proposing to do is to cover up a crime,
and a great crime, against the loyal people of
this country. The Senator evidently does not
feel very strongly on these questions. Those
of us who listen to him in debate know that he
feels less strongly upon them than some of the
rest of us. lie did not feel strongly when
some of us felt it our duty to arraign the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, now more than a year
ago, for the crime he had committed. He was
not aroused then; he did not summon to his
mind those brave Unionists, all of whom were
blasted by the conduct of this functionary here
in Washington. He gave his sympathies at
that time to the rebels appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as he gives his sympathies
to them now. Very well; I am sorry for it; I
wish it were otherwise.
Sir, there is but one policy by which peace
can be secured to this country. It is by cor-
diality and sympathy extended toward those
brave Unionists who have been for so long a
time looking for shelter under our flag. Alas!
they have not yet found it. The flag has ap-
peared within their borders ; it has traversed
their land ; one bearing the name of the Senator
from Ohio lias carried it across their territory;
but down to this hour that flag has failed to
afford to the Unionists the protection which
they have a right to expect. And now, sir,
that protection, let me say, can be afforded
only by requiring obedience to the laws of the
land. We have already enacted, so far as we
can do, a statute providing military protec-
tion for their protection with some elements
of reconstruction. Must not that statute be
obeyed? Is it to be trifled with? Is it to be
set at naught? The Senator from Ohio sets an
example of trifling with the laws of the land.
I insist that the laws of the land throughout
that whole region, so far as they are calculated
to provide protection for the loyal people,
shall not be trifled with. And now let us on
this occasion set an example ; let us teach the
functionaries here that the laws must be obeyed;
let us teach the loyal people throughout those
States that they may look to the laws of the
land for protection. It is in this spirit that I
object to any such payment as is now pro-
posed.
I have already said that if the payment is to
be made it should be made by the criminal.
Let the Secretary of the Treasury pay for the
agents that ho has employed in defiance of law.
The Senator from Michigan says that he is a
pauper and cannot pay. I know nothing about
that. I only know that he is a great offender,
who ought to be held to account. In the dis-
charge of my duty here now to the measure of
my ability I do hold him to account.
I will not, however, travel with these facts
and characterize that officer further. Perhaps
some other occasion may come yet when I may
express my mind more freely with regard to
him.
The Senator from Ohio says that I have
some personal unkindness to the Secretary.
The Senator does me injustice. I judge the
Secretary by his acts. It is now something
more than a year ago that I had occasion to
denounce him for this very transaction which
I now drag again into the Senate Chamber.
Since then other incidents have occurred, all
of the same character, showing how radically
unworthy he is of public trust.
Mr."BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I believe
the members of this body speak under the pro-
tection of the Constitution of the United States,
and for language uttered here they cannot be
called in question in any other place unless
indeed it be in the forum of public opinion.
The Senator from Massachusetts in denouncing
a high officer of the Government as a criminal
and ringing the charges upon that word, and
the Senator from Michigan, perhaps with still
more elevated taste, in informing us that he is
a pauper instead of a high official of the Gov-
ernment, speak without any responsibility to
the individual whom they assail. They cannot
be called to account except here, and called to
account only by way of debate.
I propose to show that the charge to which
I first adverted is unjust. I do not think it is
my business to investigate the pecuniary con-
dition of the Secretary of the Treasury as a
citizen of this country.
The employment of persons who were not
qualified to take the oath prescribed by the act
of July, 1802, was wholly discontinued when
the action of Congress took place in July,
1866. No such persons have been employed
in the public service since Congress expressed
their opinion at that time. The employment
of these persons was about the time of the con-
clusion of the war and for a brief period after-
ward, when the condition of thills in the
southern country was unsettled, and when it
was necessary for the Treasury Department,
by energetic and prompt action, to extend our
revenue laws over that portion of the Union.
Men described as ''loyal,'' in the parlance of
the times, and described as such, too, in our
legislation, were appointed to those offices; a
great part of them from the northern or cen-
tral States. They were sent down into the
southern country, some by Mr. Lincoln and
some by his successor, in the latter part of 1864
and in the summer of 1805. These, assessors
sent there, and toward the latter portion of
this period persons selected in some of those
States that had been disloyal during the war
were all qualified, as I understand, and all
took the oath prescribed by the act of 18G2;
but in proceeding to their districts for the pur-
pose of executing the laws, performing the
duties with which they were charged, they
found themselves unable to put the laws into
execution because they could not obtain the
proper assistance. They reported to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that it was necessary tj
employ certain persons who were competent
and iu whom they could confide to assist them ;
and it was upon these reports and applications
that the selection of these subordinates was
made. ' I have just looked at the list which
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
held in his hand, and every one of the officers
in that list, I think fifty-eight in number, are
assistant assessors. None of them are priu-
cipal officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. No collectors or assessors.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No collector or assessor
in the whole southern country was appointed
from among those persons who could not
take the oath prescribed by the act of July,
1862.
Now, sir, what was the alternative presented
to the Secretary of the Treasury at that time?
It is proclaimed here that he broke the law.
Consider that it was his duty to execute your
revenue laws. That was a duty charged upon
him by his official position ; and if lie had
failed to apply his best efforts, put forth his
best exertions for the purpose of executing the
laws, he would, in the coarse and rude lan-
guage of this debate, have broken the law, and
to that extent would have been criminal. He
had an alternative presented to him. It was
that the revenue laws should not be executed,
or that he should temporarily -employ persons
in the execution of those laws who could not
take the test oath of 1862. So much, sir, with
regard to the condition of things when he was
called upon to act on this subject.
At the meeting of Congress in December, 1865,
to a resolution promptly introduced and passe 1
here, the Secretary responded and respondei
frankly. He told us precisely what he had done;
he described the circumstances under which he
had acted; he informed us of Ibe necessities
of the case ; and he submitted (he whole sub-
ject to the judgment and opinion of Congress :
and when afterward Congress did act and
declared in the summer following, some eight
months afterward, that it was its opinion that
no such person, even in subordinate employ-
ment, should be in the service of the Treasury,
the entire practice of employing such persons
was discontinued. That is the plain narrative
