1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44T
Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, CullonvDavis,
• Dawes, Dawson, Defrece, Delano, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Finck, Glossbrenner, Gris-
wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Haw-
kins, Higby, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbeli, Humphrey, Hunter, John-
son, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, George V.Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan,
Xyneh, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Mc-
Ruer,Mercur,Moultoo,Niblack, O'Neill,Orth, Paine,
Perham, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, John H.
Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Scofield, Shanklin, Stokes,
Taber, Thayer, Upson, Andrew H. Ward, Warner,
ElihuB. Washburne, Wiliam B. Washburn. Welker,
Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—88.
NAYS—Messrs.Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Bundy, Campbell, Cobb,
Cooler, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Henderson, Hill, John H. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbeli. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Latham, Leftwich,
Longyear, Marston, Mclndoe, Morris, Nicholson,
Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Rol-
lins, Ross. Sawyer, Schenck. Shellabarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nel-
son Taylor, Thornton, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn. and Wentworth-*-51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Barker, Beaman,
Blow, Brandegec, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Culver, Darling, Dumont, Eggleston.EIdridge.Farns-
worth, Goodyear, Grinnell. Harris, Hart, Hayes, Ho-
§an, fiotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Ilub-
ard, Hulburd, Jones, Kelley, Lafiin, William Law-
rence, MeUullough, McKee, Miller, Moorhead,Mor-
rill, Myers, Newell, Noell, Phelps, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau, Sitgreaves. Sloan,
Starr, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Whaley, Windom, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—52.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm*
ative) the rales were not suspended.
kecusant witness.
Mr. ROLLINS. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present the following preamble
and resolution from the Committee on Public
Expenditures:
Whereas Thomas H. Oakley, of the city of New
New York, was, on the 11th day of January, A. D.-
1867, duly "Summoned to appear and testify before the
standing Committee of this House on Public Expendi-
tures appointed to investigate the frauds in the New
York custom-house, and has appeared and refused
to testify before said committee pursuant to said sum-
mons: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Speaker issue his warrant di-
rected to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding bim
to take into his custody the body of said Thomas H.
Oakley, wherever to be found, and to have the same
forthwith brought before the bar of the House to
answer for contempt of the authority of the House in
thus failing and refusing to testify before said com-
mittee.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire whether anj
report has been made upon which this resolu-
tion is based ?
Mr. ROLLINS. I have a letter from the
chairman of the committee, which I will read
if desired. •
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
whether this party has been duly served with
process. #
Mr. ROLLINS. He has; he came before
the committee and refused to testify at all.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation for slaves enlisted.
Mr. COOK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to move that the rules
be suspended for the consideration of a joint
resolution to amend an act entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes."
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that so much of section twenty-four of an act
approved February 24, 1864, entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 4 An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes/ " approved March 3, 1863, as
•provides that the Secretary of War should
appoint a commission in each of the slave
States then represented in Congress charged
to award to each loyal person to whom a col-
ored volunteer might owe service just compen-
sation, not exceeding $300 for each colored
volunteer, be suspended until otherwise pro-
vided by law; and that the duties and compen-
sation of the commissioners heretofore ap-
pointed under said section shall cease from the
date of the passage of this resolution.
The question being upon suspending the
rules in order to allow the Committee on the
Judiciary to report the joint resolution,
Mr. PINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 104, nays 32, not voting 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham,
Biaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W, Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Culver, Davis, Dawes, Defrees. Delano. Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold, Abner C. Harding,
Henderson, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John Ef. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbeli, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelso,
Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall,George V.Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Mor-
ris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Pike,Pomeroy, Price,Raymond, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Boyer, Campbell, Cooper, Darling, Dawson, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hawkins. Hise. Ho-
gan, Edwin N. Hubbeli, Humphrey, Hunter, John-
son, Kerr, Latham, X e Blond, Leftwich, Marshall,
Niblack,Nicholson, Noell,Radford, Samuel J.Ran-
dall, William H.Randall, Ritter,Rogers, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nel-
son Taylor, Thornton, and Andrew H. Ward—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Blow, Brandegee, Chan-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Denison, Dumont, Eg-
gleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Grinnell,
Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hotchkiss. Asahel
W.Hubbard. Hulburd. Jones, Kelley, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Marston, McCullougb, McRuer, Miller,
Myers. Newell, Phelps, Plants, Alexander H. Rice,
Rousseau, Sloan, Starr, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Windom, Winfield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—48.
So (two thirds voting in favor .thereof) the
rules were suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL said: I am requested to
inform the House that my colleague, Mr.
Woodbridge, is detained from the House by
sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the joint resolution was
then read a first and second time, and the
question recurred upon ordering it to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question
on the engrossment of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I call for
the reading of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was again read.
Mr. FINCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 36, not vot-
ing 48; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashloy, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Eg, MendOisvu^isuj, -in.*,
Holmes, Ilooper. Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Hisby, Hill,
bard, John H.Hubbard, JamesR. Hubbeli,Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, McKee,
McRuer, Mereur, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pom-
ftVATT y 1*1 An TJ A AW, >3 U T> - — — Y} _ 11T m.
Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
El'hu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen J?. Wilson, and
Windom—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, Finek, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N.
Hubbeli, Humphrey. Johnson, Latham, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Marshall, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall. Ritter,
Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, and
Andrew H. Ward-36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Barker, Beaman,
Blow, Brandegee, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cooper,
Darling, Dodge, Dumont, Eggleston, Eldridge, Gar-
field, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Hulburd, Hunter,
—ones, Kelley, Kerr, Laflin, William Lawrence, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, Miller, Moorhead, Myers,
Newell, Phelps, Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau, Sloan,
Starr, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—4$.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national legal-tender currency.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to allow me to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill providing for the repeal
of all laws and parts of laws giving to the Secretary
of the Treasury authority to withdraw any of the na-
tional legal-tender currency from circulation, except
compound-interest notes, which shall be funded in
the bonds of the United States as soon as they mature.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and there were on a division—ayes
fourteen, noes not counted; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CULLOM called for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were ayes seventeen; not one fifth of a
quorum voting in the affirmative.
Tellers were accordingly refused, and the
yeas and nays were refused.
So the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following title:
An act (S. No. 383) for the relief of Lewis
Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-fir'st regiment
Illinois volunteers; when the Speaker signed
the same.
first collection district op illinois.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of January 4, 1867, a report of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue relative
to collections in the first district of Illinois,
penalties assessed therein, &c., during the
year 1866.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the com-
munication, with the accompanying documents,
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
wreck of steamer scotland.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of January 9, 1867, a
report of the Quartermaster General relative
to the wreck of the steamer Scotland \ which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce!
and ordered to be printed.
occupation of matajioras.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
