1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any1 law
which shall abridge the privileges or "immunities of
citizens..of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction tho equal protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. Bat when the
right to vote at any election for the choice of electors
for President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the members of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of tho male inhabit-
ants of such State, being twenty-one years of age
aud citizens of the United. States, oi in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in tho proportion which the number of
such male citizcns shall bear to the whole numberof
male citizens twenty-one years of ago in such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
tho United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thcroof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each Uouse, remove such
disability.
Skc. 4. The validity of the public debt of the United
States authorized by law, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any dobt or obligation
incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, nor any claim for tho loss or eman-
cipation of any slave; but allsuch debts, obligations,
and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. Tho Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
Now, therefore,
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That whenever the above-recited amend-
ment shall have become part of the Constitution of
the United States, and any Stato aforesaid lately in
insurrection shall have ratified the same, and shall
havo modified its constitution and ttiwa in conformity
therewith, and shall havo presented to Congress a
constitution of government republican in form and
not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of tho
United States, and which shall secure equal and
impartial suffrage to all the male citizens of the
United States twenty-one years of ago resident
therein, without distinction of race or color, except
such as may be disfranchised by reason of participa-
tion in rebellion or for felony at common law, and
which constitution shall have been approved by the
qualified voters thereof as aforesaid and by Congress,
tne Senators and Representatives from such Stato,
if found duly clectcdand qualified, may, after having
taken the required oaths of oflico, be admitted into
Congress as such.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That when any
State lately in insurrection as aforesaid shall havo
ratified the foregoing amendment to the Constitution
any part of thcdirect tax under the act of August 5,
18GI, which may remain due and unpaid in such State;
may bo assumed and paid by such Stato; and the
payment thereof, upon proper assurances from such
Stato to bo given to the Secretary of tho Treasury of
the United States, may be postponed for a period not
exceeding ten years from and after the passage of
this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That until said
States shall bo admitted to representation in Con-
gress as herein provided, <fcc.
If this amendment be adopted it leaves the
gentleman's bill to follow the words "herein
provided" just as the gentleman presents it.
I did take some objection when the bill as
reported by the gentleman was first before the
House for discussion to the phraseology which
was employed therein, and the House yester-
day, in the passage of the bill known as the
Louisiana act, recorded their vote against as-
serting the theory adopted by the gentleman,
that the States were foreign or domestic Terri-
tories. For that vote of the majority on that
question, although I could not approve the
Louisiana bill, I thank the majority of the
House for declaring in that bill that Louisi-
ana is a State by adopting the words therein,
"the State of Louisiana;" not the so-called
State, not the conquered territory of Louisi-
ana, not a territory occupied by alien enemies
and conquered by arms, but " the State of
Louisiana." The gentleman has so reformed
his bill as to describe those States lately in
rebejlion by the words " late so-called confed-
erate States."
N ow, sir, the House having settled that ques-
tion by a decisive vote yesterday, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania having so far changed
his bill, I waive any further objection to his bill
on that ground.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask attention to
the importance of allowing the vote to be taken
on the amendment proposed. Here is a bill
the object of which, as 1 said when I had the
honor of addressing the House before, meets my
hearty approval, as I believe it meets the ap-
proval of others, in that it makes some pro-
vision by law to protect life and property in the
disorganized States. It is the duty of Congress
to provide such protection until constitutional
Stato governments in accordance with the
requirement of the Constitution of the United
States shall be established therein by the peo-
ple. On that question I have no controversy
with gentlemen ; but, sir, I have some contro-
versy with gentlemen who declare that, either
by direction or indirection, Congress can mako
State constitutions for the people of any State
of the Union. That is a power that belongs
exclusively to the people ofthose States respect-
ively, and by their act alone can such consti-
tutions of government be adopted, and not by
act of Congress.
The formation of a State government must
be the voluntary act of the people themselves.
I desire to give the people of those States,VII
the people thcreolV^an opportunity to exercise
this right even in the presence of that military
rule wliich it is deemed needful to set up in
their midst. To secure this privilege to tho
people is the effect of the amendment which I
propose to the bill. The amendment is in ac-
cord with the grand imperishable words of the
Declaration of Independence: that all Govern-
ments derive their just powers from the consent
of the governed. The amendment but reaffirms
the words of that declaration. It secures to
every male citizen of the United States over
twenty-one years of age, resident within each
of those States, and who may not by the laws
thereof be disabled by reason of participation
in rebellion or by having been guilty of a felony
at common law, the privilege to vote and to have
equal voice in the adoption of a constitution of
government for themselves, to be presented to
Congress for approval or rejection.
I thought the gentlemen who favor the mili-
tary bill would accord manhood suffrage, but
it seems that the special champions of this bill
are now for suffrage restricted and restricted
to a minority of the people of a Stato, a large
majority of that privileged minority being eman-
cipated slaves, now happily free men, and about
to be righteously clothed with the highest rights
of citizcns of the Republic. Has it, indeed,
come to this, that gentlemen are not content to
secure to tho emancipated citizens of tho Re-
public the elective franchise, and all tho rights
of citizens and men, but by act of Congress
insist farther by like act of Congress to secure
to them even in a minority the whole political
pewer of the State, and by like legislation com-
pel the majority of white citizens to be their
subjects for life? By the Louisiana bill, which
yon passed yesterday, you require that this shall
be the law in Louisiana, and that the majority
of white citizens in that Stato shall by coercion
of the bayonet pay the expenses of the minor-
ity's administration. If.tlic majority in that
Stato will not consent to equal rights and equal
justice to all, compel them to yield to the just
government of the minority. To deny them the
privilege even to do this right and just thing
seems to mo an act of tyranny. There is not,
in my judgment, an emancipated slave in Amer-
ica that would ask any such legislation at your
hands. These men only ask equal rights and
equal protection. They ask that that decree
of the people who saved the nation's life, and
which, thank God, by the recorded legislative
act of twenty represented States of this Union
has become a part of the supreme law of the
land, shall be enforced by act of Congress. That
is all the freedmen ask, that is all that the great
people authorize or require in this work of res-
toration. That decree is obeyed when in every
State every man, being a citizen of the United
States, shall have equal rights and full and
equal protection until he forfeits it by crime,
and no person shall be denied the equal pro-
tection of the laws.
"But," say gentlemen, "you do notwant to
allow rebels to vote, do you?" Certainly not
while in rebellion; but those who were ene-
mies in war, but in peace friends and citizens,
should vote. Why not? The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bootwellj says they will
control the State. How? In what State are
they in a majority except Louisiana?- unless
you include in your law of proscription and
exclusion those who were friends of the Con-
stitution, but wlio in fact aided the rebellion
under an enforced conscription. When we
enfranchise, as I trust we shall, and as I pro-
pose to do, all the emancipated citizens of
those States, will not the loyal men be in the
majority, and can you not trust the majority?
Is the principle of republican government, the
right of the majority to govern, to be aban-
doned ?
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to put a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask him if in the reorgan-
ization of theeivil government in these revolted
States he is in favor of having the rebels take
part ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am in favor of having
them vote according to the terms of the con-
stitutional amendment which we have pro-
posed ; and 1 will give my reasons why.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 wish to put another ques-
tion. Does that constitutional amendment
you now propose allow rebels to vote in the
reorganization of civil governments?
Mr. BINGHAM. It allows them to vote
unless they shall be disfranchised for partici-
pation in rebellion by the act of the majority.
Mr. SLOAN. By themselves.
Mr. BINGHAM. By themselves, the gentle-
man says. Are the hundred thousand majority
in South Carolina of emancipated slaves rebels?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield?
Mr. BLNGIIAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIIEIjLABARGKR. I am not quite
sure but I may vote for the gentleman's prop-
osition. I certainly will if 1 can. I therefore
ask this question for information. I understand
tho effect of his amendment will be that all the
processes of organizing governments in these
States prior to their admission to representa-
tion will be left to the control of those who
are now electors in those States. This amend-
ment provides no way by which the entire peo-
ple, including the black, whom he is in favor
of permitting to vote, can participate in the
exercise of authority in tho organization of
government there or in presenting a constitu-
tion for our acceptance.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, the gentleman has
manifestly not read tho amendment or heard
my statement of it; otherwise, his general intel-
ligence would have furnished him with an an-
swer to his inquiry without troubling mo.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man explain how it is the basis of universal
suffrage ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will tell the gentleman
how it is. Tn the first place, the bill of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
remains untouched by the amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The military bill.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Yes, sir, the military bill
now under consideration, and which I propose
to amend. The amendment contains this pro-
vision :
Skc. . And be it further cnacted. That when tho
constitutional amendment proposed as article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall havo become
a part of tho Constitution of tho United States; and
when anyone ofthe late so-called confederate States
shall havo given its assent to the same and conformed
its constitution and laws thereto in all respects; and
when it shall have provided by its constitution that
the clectivo franchise shall be enjoved equally and
impartially by all male citizens of tho United States
twenty-one yours old and upward, without regard
to race, color, or previous condition of servitude, ex-
cept such as may bo disfranchised for participating
in tho late rebellion, or for felony at common law ;
and when said constitution shall have boon submit-
ted to tho voters of said Stato, as thus denned, for
