THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the following message from the President of
the United. States:
To the House of Representatives: •
,.In compliance with the resolution of the
H'oose'of Representatives of-the 19th ultimo,
Requesting information regarding the occupa-
tion of Mexican territory by the troops of the
United States, I transmit a report of the Sec-
retary of State tad.one of the Secretary of
Warrand'.tfre;daeuiiients by which they were
accompanied.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
E^eg,p*qi.ve - Mansion,
Washington, January 14, 186?.
■Mr. BANKS moved that the_message and
accompanying documents be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
-The motion was agreed to. '
. revoluiion in candia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives;
Ltransmit to the House of' Representatives,
in answer to a resolution of thte 17th ultimo
calling for information relative to the revolu-
tion in Candia, a report' of the Secretary of
State, with accompanying-documents.
• ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 10, 1867.
' Mr. BANKS moved that the message and
accompanying documents be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined ana fouiid truty enrolled'a bill{H. R. No..
715) entitled "An act setting aside certain pro-
ceeds from internal revenue for the erection
of penitentiaries in the Territories of Nebraska,
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Ari-
tona, and Dakota; whereupon the Speaker
signed the same.
suppression of the coolie trade.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, which is ren-
dered necessary by events that are transpiring
every day:
"Whereas the traffic in laborers transported from
China to other eastern countries, known asthecoolic
trade, is regarded by the people of the United States
as inhuman and immoral; and whereas it is abhor-
rent to the spirit of modern international law and
policy, which have substantially extirpated the Af-
rican slave trade, to permit the establishment in its
place of .a mode of enslaving men differing from the
former in little else than the employment of fraud
instead of force to make its victims 6aptives: There-
fore,
lie it resolved, That it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to givo effect to the moral sentiment of the na-
tion, through all its agencies, for the purpose of pre-
venting the further introduction of coolies into this
hemisphere or the adjacent islands.
'There being no objection to the introduc-
tion "of the resolution, it was considered and
unanimously adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved "to reconsider the vote
by.which the resolution was adopted j and also
m'oved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report on immigration.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting the report
of the Commissioner of Immigration, in com-
pliance with; the act of Congress, approved
July 4, 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
colorado.
The SPEAKER also, by "unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a copy of the laws
of the Territory of Colorado; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories. - -
extra pay or house employes.
■ The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Clerk of the House in regard to extra
compensation voted by various resolutions of
the House at the last session ; which with the
accompanying documents was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
admission of nebraska.
Mr. ASHLEY, of*Ohio. I call for the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill (S-. No. 456) entitled "An act for the ad-
mission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union." The pending question is upon the
motion 'of the gentleman from, Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Territories.
The bill was read, as follows:
Whereas on tho 21st day of March, A. D. 1864,
Congress passed an act to enable the people of Ne-
braska to form a constitution and State government,
and offered to admit said State, when so formed, into
the Union upon compliance with certain conditions
therein specified; and whereas it appears that the
said people have adopted a constitution which, upon
due examination, is found to conform to the provis-
ions and comply with the conditions of said act, and
to be republican in its form of government, and that
theynow ask for admission into theUnion: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the constitution and State government
which the people of Nebraska have formed for them-
selves be, and the same is hereby, accepted, ratified,
and confirmed, and that the said State of Nebraska
shall be, and is hereby declared to be, one of the
United States of America, and is hereby admitted
intotheUnionuponan equal footing with the original
States in ail rcspects whatsoever.
Sec. 2. And be it furthdr enacted, That the said State
of Nebraska shall be. and is hereby declared to be,
entitled to all the rights, privileges, grants, and im-
munities, and to be subject to all the conditions and
restrictions of an act entitled " An act to enable the
people of Nebraska to form a constitution and State
government, and for tho admission of such State into
the Union oil an equal footing with thie original
States," approved April 19,1864.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That this Sot shall
take effect with the fundamental and perpetual con-
dition that within said State of Nebraska there shall
be no abridgement or denial of the exercise of the
elective franchise or of any other rightto any person
by reason of race or eolor, excepting Indians not
taxed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I propose to yield
fifteen minutes of my time to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, whether this bill has been printed.
The SPEAKER. According to the recol-
lection of the Chair, no order has been made
for the printing of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio to what extent he pro-
poses to allow debate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. At the expiration
of my hour I shall ask the House to sustain the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman propose"
to confine the whole debate to an hour? I
desire to offer a few remarks on this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am entitled to
two hours, one after the previous question shall
have been sustained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that the usual rule
does not apply in this case, as this bill is not
reported from a committee. If this bill were
reported back from a committee, the gentleman
reporting it would be entitled to an hour after
the previous question had been sustained. But
in the present posture of the bill, debate, except
by unanimous consent, will close when the
previous question has been sustained.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. So far as I can
control the matter the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] shall have all the time he
wishes.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust I shall have con-
sent to offer at this time an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer, which
is now pending, precludes any motion to amend
the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buoomam,.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask whether
the bi}l is debatable generally under this mo-
tion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer opens
up the whole question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, this is the
same bill which passed this House at the last
session with an additional section now put to
it. At the last session I among others voted
against the bill upon the ground that it dis-
franchised a part of the adult male citizens of
the United States residents of that Territory.
If the bill was in the same shape at the present
time I would vote against it again. It is be-
cause I believe the bill has been altered in that
particular effectually that I propose to vote for
it. I am sorry in the limited time which will
be allowed me it will be impossible to enter to
any extent into the argument on which convic-
tion I have reached is founded, but I will ven-
ture at least to state my conviction and some
of the reasons which have produced it.
The section to which I allude is the section
which has just been read by the Clerk, and
which attaches the fundameptal and unalter-
able condition to our enactment that no adult
male shall be deprived of the right of suffrage
in thq future State of Nebraska.
It is clear that neither the people nor the
Legislature of a Territory can make a State
government without an act of Congress. It is
also clear—and the practice justifies the asser-
tion—that the act of Congress need not neces-
sarily precede the formation of the constitution
by the people. It may be subsequent or it may
be precedent. Where the action of Congress
is precedent, in the nature of an enabling act,
it does not bind Congress unless in its terms it
amounts also to an act of admission. Congress
may change, and in repeated instances has
changed by the act of admission, the consti-
tution formed by a convention of delegates
under an enabling act. This is upon the grouud
that the whole action emanates from Congress,
and that the sole authority to create State gov-
ernments within the limits of the United States,
in territory not embraced within any organized
State, rests with Congress, to be exercised
through a convention of delegates, through the
territorial Legislature as its agents, or by its
own action.
I have said Congress has on various occa-
sions, after an enabling act. changed and altered
the constitution presented here by a convention
pursuant to the enabling act; and I will give
one or two instances in which that has been
done.
In the ease of Arkansas Congress rejected a
portion of the constitution formed by a con-
vention authorized by an enabling act.
In the Iowa case Congress rejected an ordi-
nance of the convention and proposed a sub-
stitute.  
In the case of Kansas precisely the same
action was had.
In the case of Louisiana, after the enabling
act and when the State came up for admission,
Congress annexed a condition that her navi-
gable waters should be free to all the citizens
of the United States.
Where there is no enabling act, where the
people of their own motion have got together
in convention, or in any'ot.her unauthorized
way, and prepared a constitution and form of
State government, then of course the whole
vitality of the constitution arises from the sub-
sequent action of Congress ratifying that move-
ment of tho people.
In the case of California there was no ena-
bling act, and Congress at the time of her
admission as a State, and in the act of admis-
sion, annexed these conditions: 1. That the
State should never interfere with the Govern-
ment of the United States in disposing of the
public lands. 2. That the State should never
tax the public lands. 3. That the State should
not tax non-resident land owners at a higher
rate than resident; and 4. That the uavigable
waters of the State should always remain free
to citizens of the United States.
In the case of Michigan, where as in Califor-
nia there was no enabling act, and where the
