CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
February 13,
ratification or rejection; and when the constitution',
if ratified by the popular vote, shall have been sub-
mitted to Congress for examination and approval,
said Staie shall, if its constitution be approved by
Congress, be declared entitled to representation in
Congress* and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom on their taking- the oath pre
scribed by law.
Now, the gentleman says the bill makes no
provision for taking the votes of the people.
It makes just this provision: that the military
authority utider this bill may permit the local
authorities to submit the whole question of
amending their existing constitutions to the
Vote of the people enfranchised by the terms
of this bill, for approval or disapproval. Bat
the gentleman asks if that compels them to
make' a constitution ? Why, sir, you cannot
compel a people, either black or white, to
make a constitution.
Mr. SITELLABARGER. The method of
the gentleman, I submit, does not provide that
the people may take part in forming the con-
stitution.
Mr. BINGHAM. That the people are se-
cured the ri^lit to vote upon the whole ques-
tion, I submit has something to do with form-
ing and adopting a constitution. They take
about as much part in it as they do under the
Louisiana bill, supported and voted for by my
colleague, [Mr. Siibllabarger,] which was
passed yesterday, under which the laws are
made for them by a body of nine men ap-
pointed by the President of the United States
and confirmed by the Senate. Now, it will not
„ do for the gentleman to signify at this time his
anxiety for the people to nave a voice in their
laws, statutory or fundamental, after such
legislation as that.
Mr. SHliLLABARGER. Will my col-
league permit me 
Mr. BINGHAM. I decline to be inquired
of any farther about the matter.
Mr. SHBLLABARGER. Permit me to
say 
Mr. BINGHAM. I have answered the gen-
tleman when I say that this amendment offered
by me gives to the people of those States an
opportunity of framing such a constitution as
is therein specified, to be submittedfor approval
or disapproval to the vote of all "male citizens,
irrespective of race or color, over twenty-one
years of age, within the State, except such as
may be disfranchised for crime; and they are to
be protected by the military power of the Uni-
ted States in casting their votes and thus declar-
ing their will. I submit, sir, that if the gen-
tleman were to write from this hour till the
going down of the sun he could do no more
toward giving those people an opportunity to
adopt a republican form of government.
The amendment gives the people the oppor-
tunity to act in the promises. It they will not
act, reform, or amend their constitutions, you
cannot make them do it; you cannot make
them form aiul adopt a constitution. Consti-
tutions of government are made by the volun-
tary act of the peoplo, not by rifled ordnance
and the bayonet. By incorporating this amend-
ment into the bill you say to the people, " Un-
til you do make a constitution you shall all be
under the protection of the Federal Army;
every tnan alike shall be protected in his per-
son and in his property until that day comes
when you present to Congress a republican form
of government, not inconsistent with the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, securing
equal and impartial suffrage to all male citi-
zens oi the United States of full age, without
respect to race or color, except such as forfeit
their right by crime."
I said before, and I repeat it now, that I do
not. desire to interfere with the other provisions
of this bill; bat I desire a vote upon the
question whether the people shall have an
opportunity to rid themselves onee and for all
of military rule and martial law by complying
with the just and equitable provisions of the
proposed amendment.
Oh 1 says some gentleman, you want rebels
to participate in this government. Sir, the
nation has decided this question, and lot gen-
tlemen beware how they trifle with the twenty-
five million- people- who- hare decided' that
very question by the ratification the amend:
ment to the Constitution which youproposed.
What sort of a record are we presenting-here
for the consideration of the country?' No
longer ago than the last session of Congress
the very question was submitted to this House,
whether you would allow the" question to be
submitted to the people of the Republic, to
decide whether1 citizens lately in rebellion
should- be disfranchised or not permitted' to
vote for the short' period of three years, until
1870, for Representatives-in Congress or for
presidential electors.
What was the result? At least twenty, if I
recollect aright, of the Republican majority of
the House voted* against any such proposition
of disfranchisement. You sent it to the Sen-
ate by a combined vote of our friends on the'
other side, and of a minority on this side, of
which I make no complaint. The opponents
of the proposed constitutional amendment
thought it their duty to make that amendment
odious by retaining in it that provision of dis-
franchisement of all rebels until 1870. It was
sent to the Senate, and there stands yourprinted
record to-day, that in the Senate, on the motion
to strike out the proposition to disfranchise all
rebels until 1870 from giving a vote for Rep-
resentatives in Congress or for presidential
electors, every vote in the Senate of every party
present was recorded for the motion save one.
If that vote in the Senate—that almost unan-
imous vote—against the proposition to dis-
franchise the whole body of men who partici-
pated in the late rebellion in those ten States
until 1870 was right last June it remains
right to day and cannot bo made wrong. You
went to the peoplo on that. You notified tlie
people that you did not propose to disfran-
chise these men, and to take from them the
privilege of voting in common with the major-
ity of the loyal people, black or white, in these
States. The people sustained you in that dec-
laration and ratified the amendment imposing
only the disability of holding office, and that
only upon those who had broken by participa-
tion in the rebellion an oath, taken at one time
or another, to support the Constitution of the
United States.
The express enumeration of disabilities in the
fundamental law of the land excludes all other
disabilities by every rule of interpretation. Not
that if hereafter these men should be disturb-
ers of the peace you may not control them by
the strong arm of the law, and take from them
whatever rights they may otherwise enjoy.
But this action of the peoplo gives even late
rebels an opportunity to put themselves upon
their good behavior, and to participate mean-
while in a Government as just as any beneath
the sun ; a Government that socuros to every
human being the equal protection of its laws ;
a Government that gives to all citizens who do
not forfeit the privilege by crime, being male
persons over twenty-one years resident therein,
equal suffrage.
But gentlemen say that they propose to vote
this down. I am glad that my colleague [Mr.
Sheixabakcer] has made the suggestion he
would vote for it if he could. He voted for it
when he voted to strike out the third clause of
the constitutional amendment to which I re-
ferred, which disfranchised these rebels until
1870. He voted for it again when he voted
for the constitutional amendment as amended
in the Senate. He voted for it again when he
went before his own people, as I did before
mine, declaring our purpose to stand by that
amendment.
But gentlemen say you call this a finality.
No, sir; that is a word I never use. There is
no finality to a nation's power. But let the
nation speak and not their delegates in Con-
gress. I pray gentlemen to remember, when
they como to consider this question, that we
arc but the servants of the people, not their
masters. That our business is to regard their
decrees, to obey their will. I would remind
gentlemen that legislators "are but the ser-
vants of the popular willthat one condition
of the people's prosperity is that their servants
shall' use very economically their delegated
power and not presume to raise themselves
into supreme judges of the national interests
or deem themselves authorized to defeat the
wishes of' those' for whose benefit, and' I may
add by whose will, alone they held their trust.
If this amendment goes- into this bill the
force of'the measure is in no way impaired. It
simply notifies the North and South, the East
and West that military rule is exercised there
for the protection of all persons alike, only until
the people by a solemn vote at the polls, under
the authority of the national law and the
protection of the national Army, sfyall have
assented to the constitutional amendment and
set up a just and republican government.
I have accepted, as the House will doubtless
notice, the express words of my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine;] they are incorporated
and do not substantially change my amend-
ment, the only difference being that I set out
also the constitutional amendment itself, and
retain the preamble thereto as it was origin-
ally reported to this House by the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, in these words. That pream-
ble is as follows:
. Whereas it is expedient that the said States lately
in insurrection should, at the earliest day consistent
with the future pcaee and safety of the Union, be
restored to full participation in all political rights-
and whereas the Congress did, by joint resolution,
propose for ratification to the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States as an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, an article in the following words,
to wit.
I set out the amendment, and then set out
the sections as amended by me and reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction last ses-
sion. I retain what is omitted by the gentle-
man from Maine, the provision that upon com-
pliance by any State lately in rebellion with
the terms set out in my amendment, and upon
giving security for payment thereof to the
Secretary of the Treasury, such State shall be
allowed ten years within which to pay its por-
tion of the direct' tax assessed by the act of
18G1. There is no departure in this from what
was reported at the last session to this House
from the Committee on Reconstruction. There
.is no compromise in it.
As the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
BoutwellJ was pleased to speak of the action
of the Reconstruction Committee in closed
session, I beg leave to say this amendment
which I offer, except the verbal changes made
therein by me, received asunited a vote in that
committee as any bill that ever came from it.
In addition to what I have said I beg leave
to add that an attempt was made by me in that
committee to have it reported to the House with
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and that gentleman moved to lay it upon the
table, which the committee refused to do. This
was on last Wednesday, the day upon which
the gentleman reported the bill to the House.
In so far, then, sir, as that committee has weight
in this House, the amendment which I offer has
its approval substantially.
I ask what objection there is to having a,vote
by yeas and nays. I do not see any. I will bow
with pleasure to the decision of the House, but
I do ask the poor privilege of having a vote by
y e(is and nays on the question, shall the amend-
ment pass, and thereby notify the people of the
insurgent States whether it is our purpose to
allow them on any terms whatever to reform
their constitutions and be restored to their
political relations to the Government of the
United States as States of this Union.
Mr. BLAINE. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio and the one I have submit-
ted embrace substantially the same idea, and
I wish to ask my friend from Ohio whether he
would be willing, when it reaches the parlia-
mentary point where such a thing is practica-
ble, to take mine as a substitute?
Mr. BINGHAM. Ihave no objection if you
propose the constitutional amendment with it.
Mr. BLAINE. I have a suggestion to make
in order to disentangle what now seems to be
so_ much entangled. I move the bill be reconv
mitlod, with instructions to report back imme-
