X867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
that oath he should receive no pay for his ser-
vices. That was substantially the law that we
passed. After the adjournment of the last
Congress, when the rebel armies surrendered,
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General, on examining the condition of
affairs in the conquered country, the rebel
States, found, as they thought, that they could
not get fit men in some portions of those States
to discharge the duties of assistant assessors
and deputy postmasters without selecting men
who could not take that oath. They deemed it
very important to open communication with
the rebel States, so called, as soon as possible;
and accordingly the honored citizen from Ohio,
who was then Postmaster General, selected cer-
tain men in certain portions of that country who
could not take the oath, and appointed them
deputy postmasters.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him there? The Postmaster Gen-
eral, in reply to our call, distinctly stated that
he had made no such appointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is an admitted fact
that he did make those appointments. They
were made, at any rate, from the Post Office
Department.
Mr. SUMNER. His reply was printed by
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have seen no such
reply. You are speaking about the recent
reply we have had from Mr. Randall.
Mr. SUMNER. No; about the reply made
at the beginning of the last session. It was in
reply to a call moved by myself in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I took the statement
from the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. He was mistaken, entirely
luistsilccn
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he was not;
but, nevertheless, suppose he was. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury came to that conclusion
with regard to certain minor offices, and he
laid the matter before the Cabinet. It was
a matter of very great consequence that the
communication should be opened, that the
laws should be enforced, that our revenue
system should go into operation, and that it
should go into the hands of honest and com-
petent men. Under those circumstances, mak-
ing no concealment at all, on consultation the
Secretary of the Treasury concluded to take
the risk and appoint certain men that he knew
could not take the oath to fill these important
offices, but minor offices, to collect the reve-
nue in some portions of that country. At the
very beginning of the next session of Congress
he laid the matter before Congress and stated
what he had done. He stated it openly. There
was no concealment; there was no attempt at
concealment, and no desire for concealment in
reference to the matter. He informed the per-
sons whom he appointed that if they took those
offices they must take them at the risk of not
being paid; that he could not pay them, because
it was against the law; but if they choose to take
the risk under the law of Congress, and per-
form the duties, and perform them faithfully,
he thought Congress would be willing to pay
them. He thought, probably, at that time as
many others thought, that the oath, in its full
extent, would not be exacted in those States
of all men who should happen to hold these
comparatively unimportant offices. That is
the simple fact about it.
Now, sir, I have spoken of this matter be-
fore at a previous session, and perhaps at this
session; and I stated then that perhaps if I
had been Secretary of the Treasury I might
have concluded that I would let the revenue
go rather than undertake to make Buch ap-
pointments. The Secretary came to a different
conclusion; and I do not know but that in
coming to that conclusion he manifested more
manliness than another man would have mani-
fested who would have refused and let the
interests of the country suffer rather than do
what the Secretary did and what he thought
best to do.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow ma
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 11!).
to inquire if there was any difficulty, if the law
required that these assistant assessors or any
of these officers should be residents of the
localities ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law requires the
assessors and collectors to be. I do not re-
member about the assistant assessors, but I
believe it requires the same thing of them.
Mr. HOWE. That they shall be residents
of the locality?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have that impres-
sion ; but at any rate, it is not probable that
you could get loyal and fit men from the
northern States to go down into a rebel State
and take all the risk of it for the pay of an
assistant assessor; and besides, to do this
business well and collect this moaey you must
have men who are acquainted in the vicinity
and who can live in the vicinity, and who are
known to the people of the vicinity. Sir,
I am not prepared to say at this moment
that in coming to that conclusion, if he came
to it honestly and for these reasons, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury did not manifest more
manliness than another would have manifested
who had said, " I will let the interests of the
country suffer rather than try this experiment,
and trust to the magnanimity and sense of
justice of Congress under the circumstances
in which I am placed with regard to this
matter."
And now, sir, because he has done that, and
says that, and gives that reason, and gave it
then, that he could not find the men, on his
statement the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts gets up here in his place in the Sen-
ate of the United States and says that he has
stated a falsehood. Sir, the Senator from
Massachusetts had no right to make that state-
ment. He has no evidence on which to make it.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he
has, but we have not heard it. He takes it for
granted, because he says they can be found.
Who knows that they can be found to this
day?
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire how these offices have been filled
Bince the 1st of August last?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is more than I
can tell you. That is a matter I have not
inquired into.
Mr. NYE. Were there not loyal men
enough in the loyal States to fill them ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very true, and
that is a question for the Senator to answer.
I am not responsible for that effort any more
than the Senator is ; and on that he and I
perhaps agree. But the Secretary's opinion
was as I state. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that if any man in this Chamber, who belongs
to the Radical wing, as it is called, of this
party of ours, had been in the same situation
as the Secretary of the Treasury and had come
to the same conclusion, neither the Senator
from Massachusetts nor any other man would
have opened his mouth; it would have been
all right, the whole of it. In saying that I
include myself; I believe that if I had been
there and had taken the same course he did in
this matter, and had not taken the same course
that he has politically, the Senate would have
found no fault with me about it. They might
have overruled me, but I should not have been
accused of lying or had any other of these
foul-mouthed accusations made against me.
But, sir, what I object to is the language that
is used in connection with this thing. I believe
that the Secretary of the Treasury at that time
in doing what he did acted with the most per-
fect integrity and honesty, and with a single view
to collect the revenues which ought to be col-
lected there, and to carry out what he believed
to be for the good of the body-politic, and no
other reason. I have always believed it. I
believe it now; and I do not hesitate to say so j
here; and I do not think these railing aceusa- j
tions ought to be brought against him on that j
account. !
Sir, unfortunately perhaps for the Secretary
of the Treasury, he has not thought as we think
with regard to certain political questions that
have arisen here, and perhaps he has been quite
as open as he ought to be in expressing his
opinions on those subjects. There is the " head
and front of his offending." Now, sir, while
I differ with him on those points, and while I
do not approve his opinions in relation to those
matters, I do not think it just to get up here in
the Senate and abuse him and attack his char-
acter for integrity, which has never yet been
assailed where he is known. I know that he
is not a favorite with the party to which I
belong; but, sir, I would do justice to any
man in that position. Had there been a man
we call a copperhead, my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] or any of his kith
and kin, in the same position, acting in the
same way, so long as I believed in his personal
integrity, I would have defended him as I de-
fend Mr. McCulloch on this floor for what he
did in relation to that matter. I do not believe
the country will be convinced by using hard
words and calling hard names with regard to
any man, that therefore there is ground of
accusation. Sir, making so much, or attempt-
ing to make so much out of this matter shows,
in my judgment, the violent straining after
something to find fault with and something to
abuse a man for.
The Senator from Michigan has also made
a very violent attack upon the Secretary of
the Treasury. I do not propose to reply to
it. It was made in terms and in language that
I cannot possibly reply to here. He is the
judge of the proper kind of language for him
to use, and it is not for me to characterize it.
But, sir, one thing I will say, I differ with the
Senator entirely when he speaks of this high
officer as a man who would make a very good
clerk, and who came here as a clerk, and that
was all he was fit for, after having a little bank
out in Indiana. Indiana, I suppose, is not so
great a State as Michigan. I do not know
how that may be. If it was not for fear of
offending somebody, I would say it does not
send such great men here; and I mean no
offense to Indiana in any way. But, sir, such
as it was, I believe he was at the head of one
of the greatest banking institutions of the West,
and managed it with distinguished ability; and
when he came here, it was not as a clerk, it
was as the Comptroller of the Currency, a
most important office, then just created ; and,
I believe with the common consent of all men,
he managed that new office, put it in execu-
tion, controlled it, did all that his duties re-
quired of him in it with distinguished ability.
1 know he did it to the entire satisfaction of
the distinguished Secretary of the Treasury
who appointed him, and to the entire satisfac-
tion of the undistinguished Secretary of the
Treasury who succeeded the one who did ap-
point him. I know, moreover, that while that
undistinguished person to whom I refer held
the office he found in Mr. McCulloch a safe
and prudent and able and most honest and
! upright adviser and friend ; and having found
him so, he is not disposed to stand here or in
i any other place and hear him reviled and
1 abused as a man merely fit to be a clerk,
i The honorable Senator spoke of his having
a little something, being worth a little money,
and he seemed, as he said, " I judge him as a
: financier," to have come to the conclusion
j that a man must be considered a financier
! exactly in proportion to the depth of his
| pocket. Let me remind the distinguished
Senator from Michigan that the greatest finan-
cier perhaps that ever stood at the head of our
national Treasury, Alexander Hamilton, lived
and died a poor man; and some of those who
have succeeded him and been distinguished
men have not been remarkable for the depth
of their pocket or what they had in it. I differ
with the honorable Senator therefore. I do
not think that the mere capacity to trade and
make money makes a financier. It may work
very well so far as the individual is concerned,
