1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOOIS.
constitution aifd form of government proceeded
from unauthorized- men, Congress in the pas-
sage of the act admitting the State limited the
boundaries thereof, throwing out some of those
who had actually by their representatives par-
ticipated in forming the constitution.
Ihe uniform action of Congress upon the
question of the admission of States justifies
me in saying that the Government of the United
States,^ by its Congress, either mediately or
immediately makes the State constitution in
all cas<;s.
I maintain that nothing that is done by the
people of the Territory about to become a
State, even by virtue of an enabling act, binds
Congress, unless the enabling act itself does;
that is, unless it is itself an act of admission as
well as an enabling aet.
In the case in question the constitution and
form of government- presented by Nebraska
is not the result of any enabling act. No con-
vention of the people of Nebraska have pre-
sented that form of constitution and govern-
ment here. It comes from an unauthorized
body of men. Some citizens of the Territory,
without any authority of law, got together and
made this document, and are now presenting
it here for us to enact into a law. It is true
there was an enabling act, but for reasons best
known to themselves the citizens of that Ter-
ritory have not acted under it, or if they have
they have chosen not to avail themselves of
its provisions, and 4the territorial Legislature,
without any authority of law whatever, have
presented this document to Congress. It is
true it was submitted to a vote of the citizens
of the Territory, but there was no authority
so to submit it, and the submission is of no
farther effect than to satisfy us that in the form
in which it was presented during the last ses-
sion, that is, without the last section here
inserted, it was satisfactory to the people.
Their action was not by reason of any law
enabling them either to adopt or reject it.
Hence no man was authorized to vote at that
election, and the vote was only given for the
purpose of affording the information as to what
his wish was. He was not called upon to make
any election inHlie premises.
If I am right here, that Congress is doing all
the business in its present enactment, is really
taking up that which never had any validity
and proposing to give it validity,-then it is not
this act alone that we are now proposing to
pass, but it is the entire Constitution that is
proposed to be made; the proposed action of
Congress is to make a constitution for Ne-
braska. Now, I grant that it is right and proper
that a constitution formed for the people of the
Territory and intended for their future State
should be submitted to them for adoption. It
is fair; but I ask where is the provision of the
Constitution or laws of the "United States re-
quiring it?" I grant that Congress should do
nothing in violation of the principle that the
people of a State should be allowed self-gov-
ernment within constitutional State powers; but
Congress may do this, and what I maintain is,
that we are now getting up a constitution and
form of government for the future. State of
Nebraska, and that we may make it what we
please so that we keep within our own powers
under the Constitution. The people of the
Territory should of course have a chance of
accepting or refusing, but there is no constitu-
tional or legal obligation upon us to snbmit it
to them. We ought to do it, and we propose
to do it.
Now, there are several modes by which a
constitution may be submitted to the people
intended to be bound by it, and one of these
is by enacting that constitution into a law and
letting the people say whether they will organ-
ize under it. If after the lapse of a month
from the" passage of such an act we find a
State actually existing there, duly organized
with executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments, with representatives in both Houses of
Congress, then history will have determined
that the people of that State have accepted
the provisions of the Constitution. If they
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 29.
organize- as a State, they do it under this act;
This act then becomes a part of their organic
law. In fact, this act, embracing as it does
the Constitution itself, becomes their organic
law, and every part of it is binding upon them.
They cannot accept the law and reject the pro-
viso
It is urged against the proviso to the bill
that it is an attempt on the part of Congress to
fix the right of suffrage in a State. Thisis not
so. It is only' an attempt to fix the right" of
suffrage for the future State at a time when
everybody will admit that no power but Con-
gress can fix it. Who but Congress can legally
say what citizens of the United States, residing
in a Territory, shall vote in the organization of
a State or in the State when organized? How
long the proviso will bind' the future State and
whether the people can alter that as well as
other parts of their constitution, are questions
to be decided when they arise. It is no objec-
tion to it in my mind that it proposes to bind
them forever.
I contend that the legal effect of the proviso
is to strike the word "white" out of the con-
stitution we are proposing to legalize. Con-
gress is about to give the citizens of the United
States residing in Nebraska a State govern-
ment. It is surely competent for us to say
that we give that government to all the citizens
of the United States residing in tb£ Territory,
and not to a portion of them; and that is just
what the proviso purports to do.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I think the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has just
taken his seat, has signally faile'ddn-the prece-
dent which he has cited to su'staih' this kind
of legislation. If I- mistake riot, the-very cita-
tions which he makes all apply to just that
kind of question over which Congress would
have had the right to exercise its control, even
had the provision not been inserted in the act
admitting the States. For instance, the act
declared that the rivers of Louisiana should
be open to free navigation, and in, the case of
California it declared that the public domain
should be wholly governed by the United States
without interference by State legislation! Those
are matters which, even if not mentioned at
that time, would have been entirely within the'
power of Congress at any subsequent time.
But this is a matter wholly relating, according
to the uniform practice of the Governmenthere-
tofore, to something internal, something which
the States alone, without any external action
or interference on the part of Congress, have
had control and authority over since the foun-
dation of the Government.
Now, I wish to ask the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] or
any other lawyer upon this floor—and I want
the chairman of the Committee on Territories
to answer it—the question, whether he thinks
this amendment will effect the end which he
declares he.desires?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope so.
, Mr. BLAINE'. He hopes so. Is it' not a
faint hope? Does the gentleman indulge very
lively hopes'in that direction ?
Now, for myself, there is one thing I have a
great prejudice against, and that is being duped
and humbugged. If gentlemen wish to admit
Nebraska here without any condition at all,
just as States have been admitted heretofore,
leaving the question of suffrage to be settled by
that State in its. own legislative or constitu-
tional convention, I can understand it. That
is a fair, square, and manly proposition. If, on
the other hand, you mean to say that Nebraska
shall be admitted on this condition only-, and
that you will exact her concession to- it, I caii
understand it. But to dodge between the two
positions, to say, upon the one side, that this
provision effects the object, and then turn round
and say to the other side that it does ho harm
because it is a mere placebo to certain preju-
dices here, I confess I think it'disgraceful legis-
lation ; and I have not heard any gentleman
here Say-that he ha's any 'confidence that this
amendment Will amount to anything as a legal
and binding condition on the people of" Ne-
braska. - "
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bkoomall]- sdybahat'if subsequent action"oc-
curs it will be presumed that they have rati-
fied the condition, and that action is if they
send Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress. Now, I understand that if this act goes
through and the President approves it, his sig-
nature will not be dry upon if before a Repre-
sentative will be sworn in here and twb Sena-
tors at the other end of the Capitol. How
does that become the popular assent of the
people of Nebraska ? Blow do you impose any
obligation upon them by letting in three gen-
tlemen, who are anxious to take'seats here, to
come in and swear their oaths and take their
seats. How will that affect the question? Now,
if this thiAg is valid, if the Edmunds amend-
ment, as it is popularly termed, has any valid-
ity at all in it, why the reconstruction problem
is very simple. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] will tell me that as chairman
of the Committee on Territories or as a mem-
ber of the House he believes ia this, why not
apply it to Virginia to-morrow and to South
Carolina the next day?" .Let us apply it right-
through and settle the question of reconstruc-
tion atonce. If it is valid in this case it must be
valid in any case. But I repeat there is scarcely
a gentleman here who has the slightest confi-
dence in it or who does not confess that it is
a legislative humbug; and for one, while under
certain circumstances I might be willing to
vote for the admission of Nebraska—and I
wish she was in; she is a growing, prosperous
State that ought..to be in the Union—I pro-
test for one against humbugging myself, or
being humbugged, or assisting in humbugging
my constituents. I protest, therefore, against
the bill in its present form. ' ,
I wish to ask the gentleman from Ohio, be-
fore I take my seat, a single question. Is he
willing to let me offer an amendment provid-
ing that the people of Nebraska, either through
their Legislature 01; convention, shall assent to
and ratify this condition ?
' Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir.
fttr. BLAINE. That exposes the hollow-
ness of the whole affair.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield now to my
colleague from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] for twenty
minutes.
Mr. ROGERS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio what course he proposes to take with
this bill?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I shall ask the
House to sustain the previous question at the
end of two hours, and I propose to have a vote
on the bill to-night.
Mr. ROGERS. There are several gentle-
men npon this side of the house who are op-
posed to the bill,-and who would like to dis-
cuss the question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. All the speeches
which have been made thus far have been in
opposition to the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I intend to
give my support to this bill; but before doing
so I desire to state my reasons. It is known
to the House and to the country that at the kst
session we passed bills for the admission of
the States of Nebraska and Colorado into the
Union, upon an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatsoever. The consti-
tutions upon which the people of those Terri-
tories organized their forms of State govern-
ment were the same then that they are now;
and I submit, therefore, to the House and to
the country, that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
cannot, without stultification, refuse to do this
session what it' did at the last session in relation
to these two States'and their admission. Your
Journals win show that in each case the bills
for the admission of the States passed this
House by a vote of more than two thirds. The
one perished by the veto of the President; the
other perished by the act of the President and
by lapse of time, the Congress having adjourned
