1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
The question was then taken on the motion
to recommit to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions, and there were—yeas 69,
nays 94, not voting 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, DelosR.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
BroomalljBuckland.Bundy, Campbell, Cooper, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dodge,
Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear, Hawkins, Hill, His©, Ches-
ter!). Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd. Hunter, Jenckes, Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, I^aflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrcnco, Leftwich, Marvin, McKee, McRuer, Mor-
rill, Morris, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rousseau, Sohenck,
Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, 1'raneis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Warner, Whaley, James F. Wilson, and
W ood bridge—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Chanler, ReoderW. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke. Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Denison, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Drigg3, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eklridgo,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Finok, Glossbrcnner,
Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes. Hooper, John II.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Juiiau, Kelley,Kerr,
ICoontz, Le Blond, Loan, Longyoar, Lynch, Marshall,
Marston, Mnynard, McClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moor-
head, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Niblack,O'Neill,Orth,
Paine. Perham, Pike, Radford. Hitter, Rogers. Rol-
lins, Ross, Sawyer, Scoficld. Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upsun, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams. Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—94.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Aiacs, Bank*, Baxtor,
Brand^sce, Conkling, Culver, -Dawson. Griswold,
Hale, Hart, llogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Dernas Hubbard, Jones, Kasson, Latham, MoCul-
lough,McIndoe,Pomeroy, Alexander II.Rtco.Shunk-
Iin, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Winfield, and Wright—27.
So the motion to recommit to the Committee
on the Judiciary was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the motion
to recommit to the Committee oil Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. FTNCIv demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty; not sufficient.
Mr. ELDKIDGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER suggesied, as there were
more than enough on ordering tellers to order
the yeas and nays, that the yeas and nays be
considered as ordered.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 121, not voting
31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, 3Jertion, Boyor, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldrklge, Finck,
Olossbrennor, Goodyear, Ilogan, Edwin N.llubbcll,
Humphrey, Hunter, Latham, Lo Blond, Lel'twich,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Radford, SamueiJ.l-lan-
daH, William II. Randall, Ritter, llo.ss, lloussoau,
ShankliTi, Sitsreaves, Strouso, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, N«lson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, and Andrew II. Ward—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley, James M. Ashlev, Baker, Barker,
Baxter, Bearaan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Binirham,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brornwell, Broomall, Bitek-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Darliner, Davis, Dawes. Defrees, De-
lano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Drig^s,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggloston, Eliot, I'arnsworth,
ITarcjuhar, Feny, G,ulielct, Grinuell, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner 0. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Holmes. Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, John II. Ilubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingorsoll, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ivetc-ham,
Koontz. Kuykendall, Baftin, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhoad,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'lNeill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike. Plants. Price. Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert'!. VanHorn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
"William B. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Wha-
ley, Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin, Banks,
Brandegee, Conkling, Culver, Griswold, Hale, Hart,
Hiso, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, McCullough, Mclndoc,
Morrill, Noell, Pomeroy, Trimble, Elinu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Winfield, Woojibridge,
and Wright—31.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL stated his colleague, Mr. Wash-
burn, was paired with Mr. Wright.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] as modified, will be
considered as the original bill,
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was dccidod in the affirmative
—yeas 109, nays 55, not voting 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Jauies M. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Boaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,"
Bromwcll, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Darling,
Dawes, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Drisrgs,
Dumont. Eckley, Eggloston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinncll, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, Vligby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Ivelley, Ketcham,
Koontz, Luflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
renoe, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McClurg, MeKoe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhoad. Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paino, Patterson, Perham, Piko,
Plants, Price, Alexander 11. ltice, John 11. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding. Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernnm, lSurt Van Horn,
RobertT. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Wil-
liam 11. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wnaloy,
Williams, Jamcs F. Wilson,Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Banks, Bergen,
Boyer. Campbell. Chanler. Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Defrees, Denison, Dodge, Fldridgc, Finok, Glossbrcn-
ner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hise, Hogan, iJdwin N. Hubbell. Humphrey, Hunter,
Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Lo Blond, Lel't-
wich, Loan, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shn.uk-
lin, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, SI rouse, Taber. Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Fianeis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, and Andrew II. Ward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin,
Blow, Brandegee, Conkling, Culver, Griswold, Hale,
Hart, Ilotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Jones, Julian, Kasson, McOullough,
Melndoe, Phelps, l'omeroy, Trimble, lihhu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Winfield, and
Wright—2fi.
Mr. STEVENS. Before making the motion
to reconsider I wish to inquire, Mr. Speaker,
if it is in order for me now to say that we in-
dorse the language of good old Laertes, that
Heaven rules as yet and there are gods above?
The SPEAKER. It will bo in order for the
gentleman to say it. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Messrs. DAVIS, J. L. THOMAS, and LAW-
RENCE, of Ohio, asked and obtained leave to
print remarks on the bill just passed. [Their
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
ItELIEf OF DRAFTED MEN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a message of the Senate of to day, re-
questing the return from the IIo.u&c of Repre-
sentatives of House bill No. 8U, for the relief
of certain drafted men, which was indefinitely
postponed by the Senate on the 11th instant.
No objection being made, the bill was ac-
cordingly returned.
order of business.
Mr. BLAINE. T desire to eall up the motion
which I had enteredon the 16th of January, to
reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
998, in regard to the war debts of the loyal
States, was recommitted.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged mo-
tion. The next business pending before the
House is the bounty bill, but that was reported
with the understanding that it should not inter-
fere with the morning hour. There has been
no morning hour to-day, and of course it will
not come up till after the morning hour to-
morrow.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not intend to consume
any time at all on the bill in regard to the war
debts of the loyal States, but to-morrow morn-
ing after the reading of the Journal as soon as
the House is full I shall ask a vote upon it.
Mr. MORRILL: It is my purpose to have
the tax bill considered to-morrow morning, and
if possible finished within two days.
The SPEAKER. If the House goes into
Committee of the Whole on the tax bill, the
bounty bill will be thereby postponed until the
Committee of the Whole report the tax bill to
the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that I shall
call for the regular order so as to go through
the morning hour to-morrow and then take up
the bounty bill, and I hope the friends of the
bounty bill will not permit me to be taken off
my legs by a motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That will be a question
between the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Moans and the gentleman. [Laugh-
ter. J
Mr. BLAINE. I would inquire if the bill
in regard to which I have risen will not go
over as unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. It will be pending at the
adjournment unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. SCI1ENCK. I give notice that to-mor-
row morning I shall insist upon the regular
order.
evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House
take a recess to-day until seven o'clock.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by making
it half past seven.
Mr. FINCK. Is a motion to adjourn in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FINCK. Then I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. Do I understand that this
motion to adjourn, if it shall prevail, will cut
off the evening session?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it would. Even
where there is an order of the House for aa
evening session to be hold each day a motion
to adjourn, if succcssful, has always been
regarded by the Presiding Officer as carrying
the session of the House over to the next day
to the regular time of meeting.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I hope that the mem-
bers who are in favor of carrying on the busi-
ness of the House will vote against the motiojj.
Mr. FIN CK. T object to any debate.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were'—
ayes 3,3, noes 70.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed ta.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. ruAYEBto the motion of Mr. Moiimu,,
to take a recess; the amendment being to
take a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
The amendment was agreed to.
The taction of Mr. Mojibill, as amended,,
was thou agreed to.
Accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
seven and a half o'clock p. m,.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, pursuant to order, reassembled
at half past seven o'clock p. m.
• COMPENSATION OF CIYIi EMPiOmj.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table and have
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
the amendments of the Senate to House joint
resolution No. 221, giving additional compen-
sation to certain employes in the civil serviea
of the Government at Washington.
