1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
to alter the fundamental law of a State as to
tlie qualification of electors or originally pre-
scribed their qualifications, how comes it when
the grant was made in the Constitution of the
United States that "the Congress might at
any time by law make regulations or alter State
regulations as to the 'time, place, and man-
ner' of holding elections for Representatives,"
that the power now claimed was not added—
'' and to prescribe or alter the regulations fixing
the qualification of the electors?" The answer
must be, because it was not intended to give to
Congress that power.
The other provision of the Constitution is,
that the Sepate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State
chosen by the Legislature thereof. And if it is
competent, therefore, for the Congress of the
United States to impose any such condition as
this upon this young State of Nebraska, it is
equally competent for the Congress to impose
that other condition, that said State shall have
unequal representation or no representation at
all in the Senate of the United States. Sir,
the American people will never submit to it.
By the sacrifice of life, by the sacrifice of treas-
ure, that people have written upon the mount-
ains and the plains of this land in letters of
living light, never, I trust in God, to be erased,
that hereafter all the States and all the people
of this Union shall be equal before the law;
that we shall neither have vassal States nor
vassal men in the Republic.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to get the
gentleman's attention to this point: suppose
this bill should be so amended as to send this
limitation of the power of the State back to
the people of the Territory to be accepted, and
it should be so accepted, I ask the gentleman
whether in his opinion that acceptance by the
people of a proposition submitted by. Congress
would be binding upon them after their admis-'"
sion as a State to secure the right of suffrage
to all ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not believe it would
at all, for the reason you cannot impose any
condition on any State admitted into this Union
as a perpetually binding condition save such
conditions as stand with the test and spirit of
the Constitution. The people of to-day in Ne-
braska have no power by contract to barter
away the essential rights of the people of to-
morrow in that State under the Constitution.
I say it is essential to the life of the Republic
that the will of the majority in every State
should rule, subject to the limitations of the
Constitution, unless forfeited by crime.
But in further response to the gentleman's
question, in the language of the author of the
Spirit of Laws," the President Montesquieu,
I would say '' political liberty is a right of doing
whatever the laws permit; and if a citizen could
do what they forbid he would be no longer pos-
sessed of liberty, because all his fellow-citizens
would have the same power." The Constitu-
tion of the United States is the supreme law;
it is obligatory alike upon all the citizens and
all the States, and forbids to be done what the
gentleman would propose to do. It is the
shield of our liberties, and we cannot consent
to its violation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let me ask the
gentleman but one question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted any further, as my time is limited; but
if it is not to be taken out of my tiine'I will
answer with pleasure.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether, in his opinion,
a majority has the right to deprive the minority
of their fundamental rights ?
Mr. BINGHAM, The gentleman omitted
to notice what I said in the opening of my
remarks, that there was no limitation of the
rights of the majority to exercise and control
the political power in a State save that the con-
stitution of the Sfate should be republican in
form of government and' not inconsistent with
the Constitution of the United States. That
is a republican form of State government, and
invades no fundamental rights, I apprehend,
in which an overwhelming majority of the male
adult citizens of the United States resident
therein have exclusive control of its political
power.
Mr. GARFIELD. How large a majority
would my colleague call an overwhelming ma-
jority?" What per cent, of the citizens of a
State can be disfranchised before its constitu-
tion will cease to be republican ?
Mr. BINGHAM. A majority as overwhelm-
ing, sir, as controls the political power of your
own State. Does, my colleague hold that the
constitution of Ohio is not republican, or does
he propose to reform it by act of Congress 1
I see, sir, that some gentlemen here are very
vigilant on this subject now who, when I ven-
tured to assert long years ago that the majority
should not'discriminate against classes because
of race or color, were then as dumb dogs.
That has always been and now 13 my own opin-
ion ; the time is coming and I trust is not far
distant when through the final action of the
people—where this question alone belongs in
every State of this Union—manhood, fidelity to
the lawf and citizenship shall be the only test
of suffrage or elegibility to office.
But it is not the way to hasten this consum-
mation so devoutly wished for to undertake to
force it by act of Congress upon new States,
and thereby degrade them and deprive them
of their just equality before the law. While
we stand by the other section of this bill admit-
ting Nebraska into the Union as a State on an
equal footing with the other States, we thereby
give her no right to do wrong, but we secure
to her the essential right of a government re-
publican in form, adopted by her own people,
and securing to the majority the exclusive
right to govern.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask another
question in connection with the last one. In
the Territory of Nebraska, according to the
information I have, there live citizens of the
United States of African descent. When the
initiatory steps were taken by the people of the
Territory to frame the constitution here pre-
sented, they denied to that class of citizens
any voice in determining any of the steps so
taken resulting in the formation of this consti-
tution. I wish to ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether in his opinion that majority had the
right to exclude from all participation in the
first or initiatory steps taken for the organiza-
tion of the government? And whether it is
the right of the majority to say the minority
shall have no voice in determining what the
government sliall be?
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I answer the gen-
tleman in the language of a profound states-
man :
"There is no such thinar as majority or minority
withoatacorporate organization." * * * *
"A number of men in themselves have no collective
capacity. The idea of a people is the idea of a
corporation." «■
Those are the words of Burke, a man who was
said to have "laid all nature under tribute."
Standing upon his words, I submit that no ma-
jority spoke in Nebraska save in conformity
to the act of Congress as declared in the pre-
amble of this bill. What that majority did
was expressly authorized by the act of Con-
gress of March 21, 1864, and by his vote on
that bill the gentleman may have authorized
the very act to be done of which he now com-
plains. Sir, men who live in "glass houses
ought not to throw stones." [Laughter.]
I Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield twenty
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] .
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in the last Con-
gress I was unable to vote for the enabling act
which invited the people of this Territory to
form a constitution preparatory to its admis-
sion as a State into this Union; for the same
reason I was also unable to vote at the last ses-
sion for its admission into the Union under the
constitution now before the House. I confess
some embarrassment as to what ia clearly my
duty upon the new phase which is presented
in the cane at the present time. With some
little hesitation as to the soundness of the con-
victions to which I have arrived, and with no
disposition to embarrass the action of the
House or of the majority, whatever it may be
in the judgment to which they shall arrive, I
beg the indulgence of the House for a few
moments as briefly as possible to give the rea-
sons not only which induced my vote in the
last Congress and at the last session, but which,
as at present advised and unless convinced by
the arguments which may be submitted here*
after, I shall be obliged to follow upon the
present occasion.
I know of no act of the Congress of the
United States more solemn than that upon
which we are now about to, pass. It is the crea-
tion of a State, breathing into it the breath of
organic life, fixing its fundamental law for the
present, and probably for the long future, under
which its history commences, its prosperity or
adversity begins, its career for glory or other-
wise has its origin, its social institutions spring
up. Its growth, its development, everything
pertaining to its future as a State are involved
in the question submitted to the House tliia
afternoon. It is a question of no less import-
ance to the United States themselves. It is
introducing into the family of States a State
upon an equal footing with all the other States
of the Union, clothed in the other branch of
Congress with the same power and with a pro-
portionate power to the popular branch, sharing
oar legislation, helping to mold and shape the
future destiny and career of the country as well
as of itself, and assuming for the first time;
upon the passage of this act, self-government
for all future time.
It was wise, then, that the- Constitution of
the United States left this question as it has to
the largest discretion of the people whose Rep-
resentatives assemble in this body, untram-
meled by any requisition, unlimited by any
consideration except those under the Consti-
tution from which they derive their author
ity, and which the present and future, enlight-
ened by the past, shall light up the path of
oar duty. The Constitution says that "new
States may be (not shall be) admitted into the
Union by the Congress of the United States."
It is, therefore, a question brought before us
untrammeled by any consideration save those
which we ought to bring to our deliberation
here of the largest and the most comprehen-
sive statesmanship of which we are capable.
It should be decided upon no temporary expe-
dient, upon no question of temporary policy.
It is a work, however well or however ill we
may perform it, that we cannot undo. It is a
work for all time, and just as we shall perform
it so it must remain, unaltered and unquali-
fied, upon the statute-book of the country
through the whole coming career and history
of the Government.
Let us therefore weigh this question as be-
comes the Representatives of the people of the
whole Government—this whole family of States
—before taking into its embrace another upon
an equal footing, sharing all the power, all the
benefits, all the responsibilities, all the burdens
which we bear here to-day. The policy which
has governed the country heretofore is one of
which I have no complaint to make here to-
day—that of an early admission of States into
this Union out of the new and constantly added
territory of the Government whenever there
has arisen therein a community, a body of peo-
ple sufficient in number, in ability, in industry j
with an organization sufficiently stable to bear
the burdens and share the responsibility of a
State. It has always been, and I trust always
will be, the policy of this Government to admit
them as soon as possible, at the earliest possi-
ble period that they shall manifest a disposition
to form for themselves a republican fcria of
government and come into the family of' tiflf
nation.
I do not trouble myself abqut the effect of>
the relative strength of the old States. I yield
to the power of numbers,' as one of the Kepre*
sentatives of a section of this country that suf-
fers relatively by the addition of new Stateff
