THE = OON"€®ESSIOML
February 13,
The SPEAKER. ' That will require unani-
mous consent at this time.'
,Mr. HARDING_, of Illinois. I object. I am
opposed to that bill, .and therefore I  m not
willing to give it any advantage in any way.
The SPEAKER. ' The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. ECardikg]
that by beeping this bill upon the Speaker's
table will in no way tend to .accomplish his
object. Sho.ulAa motion be-made at anytime
to jjoto (business- upon the Speaker's table, and
it ahould previa.il, these amendments could be
taken-up-& d disposed of at once.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Then I with-
draw my objection.
No objection being made, the motion of Mr.
Morrill-was agreed-to.
PAUL S. FORBES.
Mr. PIKE. I .ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, for considera-
tion at this time, the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill for the relief of Paul S. Forbes.
They are merely verbal amendments, and will
take no time to dispose of.
Mr. COOPER. I object to any business
being done except the consideration of the tax
bill, for which this evening was set apart by
the order of the House.
MAIL ROUTE IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WHALBY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a mail.route in the
States of Virginia and West Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into .the Committee of the Whole 011 tho
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
tho Committee of the Whole on tho state of tho
Union, (Mr. Botjtwbi.l in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to tho consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1101, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I have no
ambitious specch to make on the present occa-
sion. J propose merely to submit some busi-
ness-like statements, if I can do so, in expla-
nation of the principles and details of the bill.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in
reporting the present bill, have sought to afford
the greatest possible amount of relief to the
country consistent with a prudent regard to the
public credit, and were led in the outset to
consider what would be the most feasible mode
of accomplishing this object and leave at the
same time the fewest impediments in .the way
of general industry.
If the tax 011 distilled spirits, tobacco, and
cigars were fully paid or collected, the taxes
on the major part of all.other articles of manu-
factures could have been at once remitted; but
unfortunately necessary changes in the law, fol-
lowed by unnecessary and more unfortunate
changes ofinternal revenue officers, haveproved
that two dollars, whether above the price of
whisky or not, is certainly above the price of
those who make it; that no spirits have been
sold by the maker for as much as the cost of
production _ and the tax betrays the fact that
whoever is in the business somehow corruptly
evades the payment-of some part of the tax,
large or small, due-to t-he-Goveniment. Trust-
ing that the amendments proposed now to this
branch ot the law will hereafter secure a more
effectual eoliection of the revenue from spirits,
for the present we are forced to lean tempo-
rarily upon many other articles, which -will
doubtless be released at no distant day.
_ Two obvious plans present themselves:
either we must reduce a percentage Of the tax
on all manufactures or entirely exempt .those
articles having the strongest claims to exemp-
tion, in consequence of inevitable duplication
of taxes or ot directly swelling the cost of
living. From the first and by intendment$ery
little re.venue-has been-soiught-by any tax-upon
property as such, and therefore the,-agricult-
ural and mining interests have been shielded,
but commerce, manufactures, and the gains of
.realized capital have made by far the most
bountiful contributions through multiplied tax-
ation for the support of the nation. Licenses
or special taxes, stamp taxes, and the tax on
.manufactures are at once advanced and paid
by the parties engaged in business, and they
have to trust to their chances whether any por-
tion of these large sums-are ever recovered or
not. In prosperous .seasons, or -when prices
are advancing, the ultimate consumer pays his
due proportion; but in adverse seasons, or when
prices are falling, losses by the producer are
inevitable, leaving out of the question whether
aggravated by-taxes or not.
The Committee of Ways and Means_ have
adopted the second plan alluded to. It is cer-
tain that to reduce the rate of taxation from
•five to "four per cent.—and we could not at
this time afford anything beyond such a reduc-
tion—would have afforded a very inconsider-
able amount of relief, and yet the same labor
and expense of collecting and paying the rev-
enue, both to individuals and the Government,
would have been perpetuated. 'It is true that
this course would have greatly simplified and
lessened the labors of the Committee of Ways
and Moans, but they have felt that the advan-
tage of the whole country was to be studied
rather than their ease or comfort. When the
articles remaining on the tax list shall be found
.entitled -to equal favor .this course may bo
properly pursued.
By adopting the other alternative and ex-
empting entirely from taxes such -articles as
salt, clothing, leather, pottery-ware, tinwaTe,
and cooperage of all sorts, with a large number
of other articles upon which a tax was a petty
annoyance to the payer as well as to the Gov-
ernment, the committee feel that they propose
to distribute equal favor over -the whole coun-
try, and by removing the tax from some of tho
common necessaries of life we shall perhaps
indirectly actually aid.all branches of industry
quite as much as they would be aided by a
direct one per cent, diminution of the tax. The
theory is well settled that all taxes in the.end
are.distributed, tmd if heavy taxation increases
the cost of production of raw materials or of
manufactures, so a reduction of taxation dimin-
ishes the cost in an equal ratio. -Whatever
lessens tho cost of living is a palpable benefit
to all branches of industry, as much so as
whatever lessens tho cost of production. By
pursuing the plan,indicated we shall soon reach
the point where taxes may be levied only upon
a very small number of .articles, and the cost,
vexation, and annoyance of revenue officers,
greatly reduced in numbers, will be roundly
diminished.
If the example of the country oftenest held
up for our imitation is valuable for anything,
and I am not disposed to overvalue it, it is in
favor of confining excise laws to the narrowest
limits. Last year we -liberated a very large
number of articles, the benefit from which has
only just began to operate, and now we shall
have added to the number to the extent of
surrendering an amount of revenue equal to
nearly one half of all we obtained in the first
year of the operation of the internal revenue
law.
For what we have done in each case of ex-
emption I trust satisfactory reasons and ex-
planations, if required, will be at hand as the
cases arise in the progress m .the bill; .but there
are a few items which I shall attempt-to explain
ia advance.
I recognize the fact that our taxes for the
past five years have been excessive, -and nothing
but the danger which menaced the life of the
nation justified the heavy drain upon.the pock-
ets of our people. Now we feel the keenest
joy of legislators when they can again lighten
.the weight of taxation. But a little more than
six months ago we gave relief to the extent of
not-less-than!$75,WOj00O,-<and -now shall give
still-further relief fully equal in substaoce if
not in ,amount. T:he boundary where we pause
is the point-at-which -we reach the amount which
will pay aur ordinary .expenses, the interest on
the public debt,,and leave a snug balance for
-some diminution-of'the public debt. This is
absolutely- essential to the psublic credit, essen-
tial to public faith,; -and beyond this no .lover
of his country -would .dare to go. For one I
fully recognize the truth that .no tax is so-small
the payment of-which does not either impose
increased toil upon the taxpayer or- deprive
him of some indulgence or' enjoyment of' life.
But notwithstanding the unprecedented amount
of our taxes, the exhibit of our income .tax—•
which is after all but little more.thafi what each
individual chooses to pay on his own estimate of
his income, leaving out the earnings of at least
three fourths of our people, who by our mini-
mum are exempt—shows that they have nott
fallen upon the capital nor even absorbed the
annual income of the country. The ambition of
the American people is ;to improve their condi-
tion and every year to know more, earn more,
and'have more. This prominent characteris-
tic is endangered by the paper fever and ague
which now afflicts the country; but hitherto our
people have made great exertions, -not only to
maintain their capitals undiminished in spite
of increased taxation, but to add thereto their
usual annual surplus. We,have reached the
point when this cannot be continued. The
income of the country for the present and com-
ing year will be heavilyteduced—no san4 man
can doubt it—and we -must, reduce our .taxes
and our expenses correspondingly.
Although I cannot congratulate the House
upon an .entire and persistent consistency in
its .course as to a speedy return to the old limits
of our annual expenditure, yet we have not
done altogether ill. We may at least not fear
a contrast with the position- of the finances of
some other countries. France raises about
four hundred and fifty million'dollars, and yet
annually exhibits a small deficit. Italy, how-
ever unfavorable licr balance-sheet, is tooyoung
to be severely criticised. Austria, where a de-
preciated currency has largely contributed to
the degradation and dismemberment of the
nation, is an example so excessively bad that
to cite it would not be refreshing even to those
whose condition was much less forlorn. Prus-
sia is in a far. sounder position and comes out
of a successful war with no increase of taxa-
tion,but when Prussia wagesbattle her soldiers
are paid a sixpence per day, forage upon the
enemy, and an indemnity is demanded of the
vanquished. England is a fairer example.
She increased her national debt by the Cri-
mean war-$450,000,-000, and her annual ex-
penditure has since been larger by about one
hundred million dollars per year, afid instead
of being diminished since the close of the war
is now nearly twenty million dollars more than
it was in 1858, at the close of the war. Be-
sides the annual charge of $350,000,000, Great
Britain raises $40,000,000 in a single item -for
poor rates.
Though we were forced to create a large
national debt, yet since the close ,of the war
we have steadily and largely reduced the sum
of our expenses from the point at which they
stood atthe close of the rebellion. Our expend-
itures were in 1865 $1,290,312,982; in 1866
$520,750,939; and in 1867 (estimated) $284,-
317,000. This shows  s well the elasticity of
our Government in rising to the height of the
emergency as a facility in returning from the
track of war to "the inexpensive and more genial
paths of jieace. The people have already
.beaten their swords into plow-shares. The
colossal expenditures of years of war have not
become altogether chronic and are not trans-
mitted to succeeding years. Yet I must insist
that much further retrenchment is practicable
and should be rigorously pursued. Our ex-
penses for next year are estimated at nearly
seventy-five millions more than the presentyear.
The cost of .government has been only in-
