1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 28, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gbajt, D. D.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Commissioner of
Patents, communicating his annual report show-
ing the operations of that office for the year
1806; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the usual
number of additional copies of that report be
frinted for the use of the Senate. The motion
suppose will go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The order
to print generally will be entered if there bo no
objection, and the motion to print an extra
number of copies will go to the Committee
on Printing under the rule. Tho documents
will be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 276) to establish a de-
partment of education.
Mr. SUMNEft. I have a large number of
reports that I desire to make; but I am so
much in earnest for the bill of the Senator
that I will take my chance of making my
reports at some other time.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to object to
this bill; but after it is taken up, I hope" we
shall be allowed to introduce morning business,
petitions, reports, and bills.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the morning business
will be gone through with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 276) to
establish a department of education.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Conness, J
to strike out the word "department" where
ever it occurs in the bill and to insert the word
'' bureau.''
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from California further proposed to amend
the bill in section two, line eleven, by striking
out after the word "per annum" the words
"which said clerks shall be subject to the ap-
pointing and removing power of the commis-
sioner of education," and to insert "and the
said clerks shall be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior on the nomination of the com-
missioner."
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not felt like
interposing special objections to this bill; nor
do I feel inclined to allow it to pass in entire
silence. I am not of the opinion that an estab-
lishment of this sort in this city through the
General Government will really promote the
cause of education in the country. It will be
a benefit to a few persons; but that it will
reach the masses of the people of the common
schools of the country in any beneficial influ-
ence I do not believe. I think in that respect
it will be very much like the Agricultural De-
partment in its effect upon the agriculture of
the country. While a few persons get tho seeds
that are distributed from that Department and a
few persons get the reports, some of which are
able, the great body ot tho farmers are not ben-
efited by it; and I am not able, from my ob-
servation on the subject, to say that agriculture
is at all promoted by the large expenditures
that are made to support that Department.
Tho States have nearly all now entered upon a
system of common schools; and so far as Iknow,
they are well arranged, well considered, and
adjusted systems. The State of Indianahas a
very good system. It is generally under the
control of a man well qualified for the posi-
tion ; in all probability equal in his qualifica-
tions to the man who will be put in charge of
any department in this city. Our own system
is understood by the people. It is satisfactory
to them. They support it; they encourage it;
and it is felt in every neighborhood. It fur-
nishes a school to every neighborhood. The
system of school-books is decided upon by the
proper authorities, and the whole thing is a
great blessing to the people. I do not think
that any supervising control in the city of Wash-
ington over these State institutions and State
systems can be of any benefit. I apprehend
the opposite may prove to be the case. This
bill will furnish some offices for some men.
That is about all there will be of it. It will
result in the end in a very large expenditure
of the public money, in my opinion, without an
adequate return.
Mr. STEWART. The object of this bill is
not to exercise control over the States, but to
collect information as to the very good systems
of the States, and lay it before the whole coun-
try, so as to enable the States that have not
perfected their systems, the new States and
those that have not good systems of education,
to know what is being done in other parts of
the country. It seems to me it is legislation
that is exceedingly desirable. There has been
great improvement in some of the States and
in some districts in the various States; great
advances have been made; and it is very desir-
able that information as to it should be dissem-
inated throughout the country. There will not
be the same difficulty in having this informa-
tion disseminated throughout the country that
there is in distributing the agricultural reports.
They must go to the farmers individually; but
under this system the reports that are made up
from the "proceedings of the various States can
be sent to the different school districts, and it
will not take a very great number. It will be
very easy to enable the whole country to enjoy
the benefits of this system. It will not be
required to send a report to every individual
farmer, as is required under the Agricultural
Department. It seems to me there are not the
same difficulties in the way of making it bene-
ficial to all the people, but that great good may
grow out of the collection of information in
regard to the various improvements in the
systems of education and it3 dissemination
throughout the country by means of a depart-
ment of this kind. I think it is a bill which it
is eminently proper should pass.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
this bill for a different reason from any which
has been assigned. In my judgment, Con-
gress has no constitutional authority to enact
such a measure as this; and leaving out of
consideration all questions of expediency or
propriety, I should place my opposition on
the ground of want of constitutional authority
in Congress to pass it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
tho third time, and passed.
Subsequently, while the civil appropriation
bill was under consideration,
Mr. BUCKALEW said: 1 move to recon-
sider the vote on the final passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to establish a department of
education. I merely ask to have the motion
entered for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to reconsider will be entered.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Nevada, in favor of an appropria-
tion of the payment for the loss and damages
sustained by the inhabitants of Humboldt
county, in that State, by the depredations of
hostile Indians in the years 1864 and I860;
which was referred to tho Committee 011 In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. NYE. I also present resolutions of the
Legislature of Nevada, in favor of the establish-
ment of a post office at Pine Grove, and a mail
route from Pine Grove to some other points in
that State. I move their reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
to let those resolutions lie upon the table until
,, we take up the post route bill, as the committee
| j have acted on that, and it will be up soon.
!! Mr. NYE. Very well; let them take that
11 course.
! 1 The resolutions were laid on the table.
'! Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of citi-
: zens of North Carolina, remonstrating against
the organization of a territorial government
for that State; which was referred to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
I REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
, Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom were referred snndrv memo-
rials of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
1 of New Mexico, praying for an appropriation
for the erection of a penitentiary in that Terri
tory, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
may be authorized to direct that the stone in
the present unfinished penitentiary be used in
finishing the capitol building, and that the site
of the present penitentiary may be sold and a
new site selected where there is a sufficient
supply of water; and a memorial of the Legis-
| lature of Oregon in favor of incorporating the
: county of Walla Walla, in the Territory of
|j Washington, in the State of Oregon, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 174) authorizing the Secretary of tho
Treasury to audit and pay the claim of John
R. Beckley, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 806) more effectually to preserve
the neutral relationsof the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joaquin De Palma,
vice consul of Portugal at Savannah, praying
for compensation for property taken from his
family by the United States troops under the
.command of Genaral Sherman on the 21st day
of February, 1865, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry memorials remonstrating
against the renewal of the so-called recipro-
city treaty, and the memorial of the American
Free Trade League, praying for a continuance
of that treaty, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He alsOj from the same committee, to whom
the following subjects were referred^ asked to
be discharged from their further consideration :
Resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce of
the State of New York, in favor of the employ-
ment of a portion of the Navy in ascertaining
by proper soundings the facilities afforded by
the bed of the Atlantic ocean for laying lines
of telegraph cable directly connecting our At-
lantic coast with the western coast of France
and of southern Europe;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Oregon, in
favor of a reciprocity treaty between tho United
States and the Hawaiian Governments ;
Memorial of the Board of Trade of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for the improvement of the
St. Clair flats and the enlargement of the Cana-
dian canals by means of a treaty with Great
Britain for that object; and
Resolutions adopted at a meeting of citizens
of St. Paul, Minnesota, in favor of a continu-
ance of the existing arrangements for the navi-
gation of the Welland canal by American ves-
sels, and of Lake Michigan by Canadian
vessels.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on discharging the Committee on Foreign
