1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
were it would be unnecessary to put it in this
bill. The bill does not propose that this pro-
vision shall be made a part of the constitution
of the State. As has been well said by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the only
power that we have to interfere with the con-
stitution of Nebraska, or any other State after
its admission into the Union, is the power
which we derive under that clause of the Con-
stitution which imposes on ns the obligation
to "guaranty to each State in the Union a
republican form of government.'' What is the
extent of this power?
Mr. BINGIiAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct a mistake of his before he goes
further ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM, The mistake which the
gentleman has made has been in reading from
his own speech instead of mine. [Laughter.]
I spoke against the provision of the Oregon
constitution, which denied to colored citizens,
not the right to vote, but the right to live in the
State or to hold property therein, orto prosecute
a suit in its courts either for the vindication of
a right or the redress of a wrong. Of the
right of the majority to regulate the suffrage I
spoke as follows:
"Of my resistance to the passage of this bill, sir,
and to the enactment into a law of this Oregon con-
stitution, let no demagogue say that it is a mere
negro question, and for making a negro equal, polit-
ically, with a white man. I ask no change of the law
as it is written in the Federal Constitution. I leave
the States as that Constitution leaves them, free to
regulate the elective franchise among citizens of the
United States: to extend it to or withhold it at their
pleasure from all colored citizens, or only some of
them; from all minors, white or black; and, if they
sec fit, from the best portion of the citizens of the
United States—from all, the free intelligent women
of the land. But. I protest against the attempt to
mar that great charter of our rights, almost divine
in its conception and in its spirit of equality, by the
interpolation into it of any word of caste, such as
white or black, male or female; for no such word is
in that great instrument now, and, by my act or
word or vote, never shall bo."
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
in supposing that I read an extract from my
speech. I was a little too modest to do that.
I read from the constitution of Oregon, and
not one word from any speech. I stated to the
House that I opposed the admission of Oregon
for that among other reasons, that her consti-
. tution contained that provision; and I sup-
posed the gentleman from Ohio opposed her
admission on the same ground.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman made a
mistake; that is all.
Mr. DAWES. Well, it is not the first time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no, not at all.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I must have mistaken the
gentleman this morning when I understood
him to pronounce a section of this bill palpa-
bly unconstitutional, and yet to declare his
intention to vote for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman did mis-
understand me. I pronounced that section
void, and therefore said that I would vote for
the bill with or without the section, because it
is of no more effect than so much blank paper.
Mr. DAWES. I did not, I believe, mis-
understand my friend from Ohio when he
declared just now that he persisted in the posi-
tion taken in his speech on the admission of
Oregon against allowing the Constitution to be
marred with the word " white."
But, Mr. Speaker, I was about to say that
the third section of this bill is not a part of the
constitution of Nebraska ; because if it were
it would not be necessary to insert it in the
bill. The bill does not propose to make the
provision a part of the constitution of the State.
Our only warrant, then, for interfering is under
the authority to "guaranty to each State in
the Union a republican form of government."
But to " guaranty" does not mean to prescribe;
to "guaranty a republican government " does
not mean to impose upon a State a form of
government, for the very essense of a republi-
can form of government is that it shall have
the consent of the governed. And, sir, under
this very bill, as was cited by the gentleman
from Okio before, we pronounce theconstitution
to be republican in form. We declare it con-
forms to the Constitution. We declareit comes
up fully to the measure of that obligation of
the Constitution upon us to interfere. And
there is no power to interfere when we pro-
nounce it republican in form.
If, therefore, what is obvious and admitted,
this "fundamental condition" contained in the
third section of this bill of admission is neither
apart of the constitution already, nor proposed
by the bill to be made a part of it, nor yet
enacted under authority of the clause guaran-
tying republican forms of government, the bill
reciting that the constitution is republican in
form without it, then, by whataathority and for
what end is it enacted ? Is it proposed by force
of the enactment of Congress to prescribe the
qualification of voters in Nebraska after she
becomes a State? By the construction of the
Constitution from the foundation of the Govern-
ment that is beyond the power of Congress.
The exercise of this power has been left from
the origin of the Government with the States.
No one claims this power in the present in-
stance. Under what authority, I repeat, is it
proposed to enact this provision? I hope that
the singular proposition just advanced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom-
all,] that Congress moikes the constitution of
the State of Nebraska, needs no answer before
those who believe that the very essence of a
republican government is that it is made by
those it-governs.
It is gravely asserted at the other end of the
Capitol, in support of this proposition, that the
Senators and .Representative of that State, by
taking their seats under this act, give, as the
agents of the State, its assent to this condition,
and thereby make it a part of the organic law
of the State. But when and where did the
people of Nebraska make these three men their
agents to enact or fix organic laws for the State ?
Not these men, but a convention was elected
to make this constitution, and the people passed
upon it themselves as it is no w, not as it is pro-
posed that it should be. These men were
chosen for another purpose. Besides, if they
could be agents for such a purpose, still they
are expressly instructed by the very terms of
their commission against giving any such as-
sent. The very constitution under which they
came here expressly declares that none but
white men shall vote. It is beyond the power
of their agents to assent.
It is further said that this section is at least
the expression of the will and purposes of Con-
gress, which must be regarded. I admit that
it is an expression of the wishes of Congress,
but not of its purposes, and as an expression
of its wishes I appreciate it and regard it as a
great gain. But we are dealing with organic
law, not with the wishes of Congress, which
may change with the hour. But will it be
regarded? I propose an amendment submit-
ting this proposition to the voters of Nebraska
and you reject it: her Senators and Represent-
atives here reject it. They have known for
nearly a year that all opposition to their ad-
mission would be silenced in a moment if they .
would but strike the word white out of their I
constitution, and they have persistently re-
fused. But refer this to their voters. Say to
them, you shall not come in until you strike
out the word white from your constitution and
clothe all men with political rights, and you
give to them and the world not only an expres-
sion of your wishes, but also of your purposes,
which will be understood and heeded. You
would never have another State come here
with the word white in its constitution. You
would also make one grand stride toward that
measure to which you must come sooner or
later, and the sooner the better—the incorpora-
tion of impartial suffrage into the Constitution
of the United States, the supreme organic law
to which every citizen and every State must
bow.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Ash-
let] to permit me to offer the following
amendment:
Sic. I, Be ii en<Ktcd. <tv., That this act shall not
take^ effect until said " fundamental couditioit"-Bh H
receive the assent of the legal voters of said Terri-
tory, either upon direct vote or by convention legally
assembled for that purpose, as shall be determines
the Legislature thereof; and the ;
certified to the President of the TT :* '
proper certifying officer of the 1     „„
hereby made the duty of the Governor of said Terri-
tory, Within sixty days frotn the passage of this act, to
convene the Legislature of said Territory to deter-
mine the mode and manner of taking the assent or
dissent of said voters to said condition; and it is also
the President, by proclamation, to proclaim'said re-
sult without delay to the people of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts any further.
I have given him already nearly three quarters
of an "hour.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman
would give me as much time as I needed,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield any
further. _ ' ,
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand Ihsrt
the previous question has been called.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know whether
the gentleman from Ohio then has the right to
claim his hour before the previous question has
been seconded?
The SPEAKER The gentleman was entitled
to an hour on the motion to refer. When that
hour expired the motion to refer was withdrawn,
and the gentleman is speaking now on the bill
itself. There is no hour alter the previous
question has been seconded, because the bill
does not come from any committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield three min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Ver-
mont.
Mr. MORRILL. In the brief period of three
minutes I do not expect to argue the question,
and can only state some of the reasons why I
shall vote against the bill.
The privilege, sir, of being admitted as a
State into the Union isone of inestimable value,
and those who ask to be so admitted should
come in white robes, pure and unspotted. We
have a right to inquire whether the parties
come up to the standard we now proclaim to
the world or not. This constitution of Nebraska
excludes all but white citizens from the elective
franchise, and that, in my opinion, is an
insuperable obstacle to immediate admission.
Then, in the next place, I find the third sec-
tion conflicts with the first. The first section
admits the State, without any conditions at all,
'' upon an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatsoeverwhile the last pro-
poses fundamental and perpetual conditions,
that the act shall take effect with no "abridg-
ment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise, or any other right, to any person by
reason of race or color, (excepting Indians not
taxed.") This is correct doctrine; but they
have already made their fundamental law and
denied these rights to some of their own citi-
zens. It will raise a question for the courts,
and I prefer not to go into the courts at all on
such questions. Being now within our control
it is far better to keep them there.
We ought to make our laws on this subject
symmetrical, making such rules that we shall
be willing to admit a dozen States out of the
Territories in the Northwest upon the same
terms as vrould be satisfactory in the case of the
southern States ; for I cannot myself see why
there is any necessity to have one rale in one ease
and a different one in another. Let the rule be
just, but uniform in all cases; otherwise we shall
have precedents that hereafter may be very em-
barrassing. If we may trust the people of Ne-
braska to perforin "a condition-subsequent,"
why not the people of Georgia or Louisiana?
Mr. Speaker, there is no sort of hurry about
the matter. And we are not sure thereis pop-
ulation enough in the Territory to warrant hef
admission as a State. The new railroad, it i 
said, will soon add largely to her population.
Railroads are all very well, bnt they are not
exactly the equivalent of population. Let us
welcome Nebraska, but not until she is ready,
as I have bo doubt, she soon will be, Iti my
