1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
tax on bar-irqp has been in the form of a spe-
cific, and is not now and never has been equal
to the ad valorem tax- of five per cent.' The
trade in each branch of business is equally
depressed, and the_ action now proposed will
make the distribution of favors not unequal.
But a higher motive, perhaps, moved the com-
mittee, and that was to place woolen manu-
factures in the hands of the consumer at re-
duced cost. By reducing the tax on home
manufactures of woolens two an^a half per
cent, a.reduction of the rates otherwise asked
for by manufacturers can be made in the duties
on imported woolens of five per cent, as an
equivalent. This will tend in some degree to
satisfy the just claims of consumers. The
amount of internal revenue from woolens last
year at six ]5er cent, was $8,814,101 03; but
in the act of July last it was, with all other
manufactures, reduced to five per cent. The
loss to the revenue this year by the proposed
reduction to two and a half per cent., if our
production remained the same, as it is not
likely to remain, would be $3,172,542 10.
The revision of the income tax_, it will be
seen, presents the subject in the main as it was
presented last year, or, the differential rate
excepted, as it passed the House, though not
then accepted by tho Senate. That everv per-
son should contribute to the support o"f the
(loveriiment in the exact ratio of the interests
protected by the Government is a principle
that will bo universally admitted. An income
tax is based on this theory, and yet it is beset
wiih all sorts of difficulties in its practical
application, inequalities appear at every step.
Onanism's skill is taxed as much as another
man's properly. To-day one man pays no
income tax, mid_ to-morrow dies leaving a fat
estate to his heirs though for the moment it
had been unproductive. To-day one man pays
a liberal income tax, liis brains have given a
generous support to a largo family, and to-
morrow he dies and all his heirs are penniless.
An equal income tax in such cases can hardly
bo reconciled with justice. If an income tax
was to continue as a permanent tax it should
be based upon the value of the whole property
possessed by each person. I am disposed to
think, however, that a tax of the vexatious
character which must adhere to an income
tax should rightfully place it on tho list of
those to bo abandoned first in order after the
tax on manufactures has been removed. In
fact it i« one of the resources which ou<*ht not
to be appealed to except in great exigencies,
but should he held in reserve. No nation can
for any length of time afford to tax without
exception all its available sources of revenue.
1 omothing must be left for extraordinary
occasions.
For the present itis merclyproposcd to amend
tho income tax and remove from it some of its
most exceptionable features. The exemption
of is enlarged to $1,000, and, in addition,
an allowance is to bo made for all rents, taxes
insurance, and repairs. To be taxed at all any
person must he in the receipt of something
above this minimum amount, and which cer-
tainly must bo deemed as very liberal, and it will
prove a large loss to the Government, as it will
exempt entirely the vast majority of persons
wuh moderate means; yet it is believed that the
mcreased amount of the exemption would meet
with favor even from a majority of those who
will remain subject to the tax. Another chance
IS proposed to relieve the manifest injustice of
"'f0?163 a[JOve $5,000 twice as much
as those below; but one rate, and that five
per cent., is now recommended. To do more
than this  s to provoke a controversy as to
in tL ■ a T" "Sht t0 do ^ and to lodge
n the mind of every man, who finds himself Is
he thinks unjustly oppressed,
is no-nation which has any other than a uni-
form rate. The Treasury needs money; but
on a question of taxation justice must be dealt
out with an even hand, and the rule of perfect
equality should be as immovable as the poles.
The estimates of the receipts for the next
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, as recently
revised by -the Treasury Department and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, reduce the
estimates from the sums originally estimated
ninety days ago to the following figures, namely:
From customs $130,000,000
From internal revenue  240,000,000
From lands  1,000,000
From miscellaneous sources  20,000,000
Total $391,000,000
understating his income to such^n^xten/as
will avoid the wrong with which he ™at-
ened. I o such persons it seems sheer confis-
cation, and if justifiable to the extent of five
per cent, then justifiable to the extent of fiftv
oer cent. They offset wrong for wrong. Pew
per cent,
nations tolerate
an income tax at all, and there
This last item will almost entirely depend
upon the amount of coin we may have to sell
and the premium obtained upon it. Looking
at the general depression of trade, as well
abroad as at home, and the recent falling off
of customs and internal revenue, the revised
and reduced estimates would appear to be fully
justified. The same revision of the expend-
itures for the year ending 1868 brings out
items to the original estimate already ascer-
tained of not less than $7,000,000, or making
the total at $357,247,641 32, besides any claims
passed upon by Congress. This leaves to apply
on the public debt and for reduction of taxes
less than thirty-four million dollars. That
some positive sum should be devoted to that
object in order to restore our public credit to
the level of the world, or even to keep it from
sinking below the point at which it now stands,
is a principle so plain that it does not seem to
require argument so much as correspondent
action.
The committee have ventured to use up the
entire surplus or margin in various reductions
of taxes and exemptions, believing that we
have secured such an increase of revenue from
other sources, by amendments designed to stop
the waste-gates of different portions of the law,
as will beyond all doubt leave something to
apply on the public debt, provided we pass no
bills which throw any considerable additional
charges upon the Treasnry.
The committee have felt willing for the com-
ing year to give the largest possible amount of
relief to the business interests of the country,
and have also been willing to so reduce the
revenue that no large balance would remain in
the Treasury to tempt any one to disregard the
wisdom of economy—not that cheese-paring
economy which higgles at trifles and then swai-
lows millions, but that which looks to th© moans
of payment for every debt contracted.
Having gone in the line of reduction to the
extent as estimated, of $36,730,500, and as
far as it is prudent to go, it follows that if any
other reduction should bo proposed it will be
our duty at once to seek something of equal
amount to be restored to the list of taxable
articles. It is possible, in spite of an earnest
S? t0 avoid any m'stakes as to what
should be relieved from taxation, that the judg-
ment of the House may make a different selec-
tion, and any improvements of the bill will be
regarded with as much favor by the Committee
ot Ways and Means as by any other member
or the House.
If there are any gentlemen who disbelieve
the recitals concerning idle factories, forges
furnaces, and foundries, and who think that we
are still on the top-wave of prosperity, and so
may be willing to venture a deeper cut into our
revenues, I invite them to look at the compar-
ative returns of some of our principal railroads,
to the present state of our navigation interests,
to the decline m the commerce of our canals
to our diminished export trade in cattle, horses
hogs, beef, butter, cotton, and manufactures
ot cotton, iron, copper and brass, together with
numerous other articles. This is an exposi-
t10" °f which I have the details, but which I
shall not, unless compelled to do so, place upon
the records. Depressed as trade must be con-
ceded to be, the depression is no greater, per-
haps not yet so great, as might have been ex-
pected to follow the recent exhaustive struggle
of the country. Nor is it at all equal to what
has been the experience of Great Britain for
the past year, where cholera, cattle plague,
cotton famine, bad harvests, and a commercial
crisis have all successively culminated; where
the bank rate of interest was for three months
kept at the ruin point of ten per cent., and
where thousands of workmen are now only
kept from starvation by daily charities from
the Queen as well as those who are hard pushed
even to pay their poor rates.
But I am by no means despondent of the
future. The people of the jSouth in no long
time, it may be hoped, will return to loyalty and
the Union, knowing that it is as " fixed as fate
or foreknowledge absolute" that this is to be
their and our common country and Govern-
ment forever ; a country and Government as
formidable in war as beneficent in peace. They
will speedily find how much more rapidly will
be their growth with free institutions than
when linked to one of the last relics of barbar-
ism. They_ will then have, as we have now, a
just pride in all that contributes to the pros-
perity of the nation, thegrandeurofits position,
and the splendors of its history. Our facilities
for the development of wealth and power can
only receive temporary checks, and the load
we bear of taxation to-day with some weari-
ness will ere long become light, and in a little
more than thirty years, when our people will
number one hundred millions, there,will not be
more than enough left of. our public debt to
remind our children of the honor of the legacy.
[APPENDIX.
Reductions by the proposed bill as estimated by the
ojjice of internal revenue.
Alcoholic extracts  $2 500
Bale rope, twine, &e  50'000
Canned meats  30)000
Carpet-bag irames  30,000
Casks, barrels, and all cooperage  200.000
Castings  500,000
HoJiowware   200,000
Clock trimmings  20000
clothing  4,ooo;ooo
Coffee mills  25 000
Drain, gas, and water pipe made of wood, '
iron, cement, or any other material  5,000
Copper bottoms  2 000
Doors, sash, &c i.i.'.Z.'.'.'Z.' 500^000
faaw handles  5 qqq
|>Jue and gelatine, solid   60'000
Wue and gelatine, liquid  l'ooo
Horse-rakes, tedders, &o 50'000
Horse-blankets, &c "Z"~ '
Leather of all descriptions 3.250.000
Piano legs, &e  in qoo
.Licorice  i'/w
Manufactures of jute V.....'.....'.'....'.'..  l'ooo
Molasses, &c    500™
Naphtha, &e„ above 250^000
Palm leaf.  75,000
K7"waril"v  120,000
Boot-diggers, &c  5,000
w^HiE    180 000
Scales, pumps, garden engines, 150000
School farmturo   .; 50 000
Sleds, wheelbarrows, and hand-carts.'.'!."!.'.'.' 30000
JKuopersoies  1 0i
Steel of all descriptions !!!!..!.!.  15 000
Engines    1
Straw-board, &a ' 50,000
Tinware..!!!!!!!!!!".'!!!.'.'.'!!  fioo'om
Ultramarine blue !!!.'!!!!'.!!!!!!!'.'.!!!!  1 000
  flirmsh 200*000
Sa«ons, carts, and drays, &c   200 000
Washing machines, &e  50 000
xsoots and shoes, rubber    100000
I rom Srapes ••••"-" loo'ooo
fete!!!!!::!!::!:::!!!:::;!!::;;;:;;;;:::;;;:;;;;;;:  
Woolen manufactures  3,500,000
s^ISs^:::::::::::;;;::::::;;:;;::;;::;:;;:;;;;;;;;;; 6oo,ooo
Wood screws        iin qaa
Gunpowder    jooooo
IneomeTentS 
Exemption of $1,000  6 500 000
J.en per cent, reduction to five per cent 13!ooo!ooo
TotaI  
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Chairman, before
the gentleman from Vermont takes his seat I
wish to submit to him one question. If I under-
stand correctly his remarks, this is a bill for
revenue alone.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman probably
* ^atI atated- This is not the
taiirf bill, but the tax bill; and it proposes to
reduce taxation.
