1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2&.
Relations from the further consideration of the
subjects indicated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know why the
Committee on Foreign Relations should be
discharged from such a subject as the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Oregon touching
the question of reciprocity between the Sand-
wich Islands and the United States, without
making a report thereon. It appears to me
that that is a subject of sufficient consequence
to demand more serious attention, more of the
time of that committee, than to merely ask,
after keeping it during the session, to be dis-
charged from its further consideration. That
is a very easy report to make from a commit-
tee. I represent here in part a people who are
deeply interested in that question, and who are
petitioning and memorializing that the Gov-
ernment may establish such reciprocal com-
mercial relations; and I am not willing that
that question shall be bundled with a hundred
others and disposed of by merely having the
committee discharged from their further con-
sideration. If the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of this body are not prepared to give
more of their time and attention to a question
of that character, then I think they should
have made this request of the Senate at an
earlier period of the session than this, so that
it might be referred to other committees of
this body who were, not above giving it that
consideration that its importance demands.
I hope, sir, that that report will be excepted
at least from this general request of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on discharging the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations from the subjects
named by the Senator from Massachusetts,
saving the subject named by the Senator from
California.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I should like to
hear from the honorable chairman of that
committee why this report is made at this time.*
Mr. SUMNER. The answer is very easy.
In the multiplicity of concerns before the
committee, and also before the Senate, it was
thought that there was no time in these late
hours for acting definitively upon the question.
We are about to enter upon another session of
Congress, when we shall be less embarrassed
by this pressure of business. There will be
then time, it may be nextweek, to proceed
with the consideration of the subject which
justly interests the Senator from California.
The Senator himself must see that now in
those hurried moments at the close of the ses-
sion, when all our business is running like the
rapids of Niagara, it will be impossible to se-
cure attention to a question of that character.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations will
pardon the expression, I must say that that is
a " lame and impotent conclusion" to be told
at this period of the session, when a bushel of
questions, of inconsiderable consequence per-
haps, or it may be of great consequence, are re-
ported, and this grave subject is thus reported
and we are told in support of the report that
it is because there is no time. Then, Mr.
President, it becomes proper for this great
body to constitute committees so that subjects
of this importance shall have time and con-
sideration. I am not willing to sit here and
have a question of this kind shuffled off in this
manner. There are other committees of this
body, as the Committee on Commerce, the
Committee on Finance, who would have con-
sidered this proposition, and have at least
ventured upon an intelligent and able report
upon it. I must say in conclusion that I feel
very much disappointed at this mode of treat-
ing so great a question.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply content my-
self with remarking that the subject is one
which, in different forms, has been before the
committee ever since the first year that I en-
tered tke Senate, and thus far no practical
conclusion has been reached. Let the Senator
from California give to it his vigorous support,
and let him give the Committee on Foreign
Relations the benefit of that. Should I con-
tinue on that committee, I shall welcome his
association, that we may have his direct influ-
ence on that and all other questions.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate much longer on this question; but I cannot
help remarking that within one day's reach of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations the whole material upon
which to base an important report or present-
ation of this question has always been, namely,
the State Department. When called upon to
report on the subject of releasing the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company from touching at the
Hawaiian Islands, at the last session of Con-
gress, the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads oT this body called upon that
Department and obtained from it sufficient
data and material for the intelligent presenta-
tion of this entire subject; and now we are
told by the honorable chairman that he wants
the vigorous support of a member of this body
who is not a member of his committee. I
must again express my surprise that a question
of this magnitude is thus treated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be discharged from the further consider-
ation of this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that the report will
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing that
it should be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this report be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred resolu-
tions of the Pennsylvania Peace Society, in
favor of the establishment of an international
tribunal for- the settlement of all national
disputes; the memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin in favor of an appropriation to aid
in defraying the expenses of forwarding arti-
cles to the Paris Exposition; the memorial of
Frances McCanley; and sundry petitions pray-
ing for the adoption of an internation copy-
right law, asked to be discharged from their
further considerationj which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am also directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to report a
joint resolution responsive to a resolution
adopted by the Parliament of Brazil, and to
ask the action of the Senate upon it now.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) thank-
ing the Chambers of Senators and Deputies of
Brazil for their resolutions of sorrow and sym-
pathy on the death of President Lincoln, was
read a first time by its title, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the present con-
sideration of this joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it the day it is
reported.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that resolution
may as well lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will bear
in mind that it is a resolution in reply to the
resolutions of a friendly Power.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable. Objection being made,
it lies over under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I do bear that in mind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was addressing the Senator from Massachusetts
and not the Senator from California. The
Senator from Massachusetts is debating the
resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Chair will pardon
mc, I was addressing the Senator, not the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that objec-
tion is made?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from California objects to the present con-
sideration of the resolution, and it lies over
under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I wish to have the
resolution read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
read once. That i3 all it requires under the
' rules.
I Mr. SUMNER. I think if it were read
there would be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion is made. The Chair can only repeat the
- rule.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. CIO) in relation to a certain tract of
land in Burlington, Iowa, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 127) in relation to the Amer-
ican Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company of New
York, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry memorials of citizens of
Louisiana, praying for aid to repair and recon-
struct the broken and dilapidated levees on the
banks of the Mississippi and other rivers in that
State, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of citizens of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying that a
company may be chartered for the purpose of
building a railroad from Washington city,
through Virginia, to Cincinnati, Ohio, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a memorial of the merchants of
the city of New York, praying for an increase
of the salaries of deputy collectors of customs,
deputy naval officers, deputy surveyors, and
assistant appraisers at the port, and a petition
of gaugers employed at the New York custom-
house, prayingfor an increase of compensation,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 032) to au-
thorize the building of a military and postal
railroad from Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to New York, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Theodore J. Park,
the petition of Thomas Neill, and the petition
of Thomas L. Morgan, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a memorial of the citizens of
Michigan, and a memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, remon-
strating against granting American registers to
foreign-built vessels, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
588) for the relief of William H. Webb,
reported it with amendments.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
House bill No. 450, to reduce and establish
the pay of officers and to regulate the pay of
soldiers of the Army of the United States, to
report it back and ask that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration. This
bill passed the House at the last session, and
has been before the committee for several
months. It professes to reduce the pay of the
Army at a time when the officers of the Army are
askingfor an increase of pay. It is entitled "An
act to reduce the pay of officers of the Army.''
when it puts it in the power of the Secretary
of War to largely increase the pay of those
officers. It increases the longevity ration from
