1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1219
Mr. LEI BLOND. Exactly; but tlie object
is to raise revenue. Now, I will state the in-
quiry which I desire to submit to the gentleman
from Vermont. The latter part of the forty-
fifth section provides that—
If the officer having such spirits in charge shall
have been unable, for a. period of ninety days, to sell
the same for the price equal to the tax, such spirits
shall be destr '->yed, under such rules and regulations
as the Commiisicner of Internal Revenue may pre-
scribe.
Now, I would like to know how the gentle-
man proposes tc raise revenue by the destruc-
tion of the very article upon which he seeks to
raise revenue?
Mr. MORRILL. I was aware that whenever
we reached that provision of the bill it would
excite the gentleman's regret. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. This is only a contest as
to locality. We think these rules and regula-
tions are designed to withdraw the liquor into
New England, to be consumed in the way of
drinking. [Laughter.] That is the only way
we in the West can solve the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield to the gentleman
fron^ New York. [Mr. Dakling.]
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to occupy the time of the House with
"any extended remarks upon this bill. • It is
to be regretted that the select committee
appointed by this House, of which I have the
honor to be chairman, have not been able to
prepare their report and submit it to the House
in advance of the presentation of this bill.
That report would have been heretofore pre-
sented but for the fact that the labors of the
committee are just concluded; and the vast
amount of testimony which they have taken
and which is just written up requires some days
more for examination and analysis and the
preparation of a report.
I am glad to see, however, that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, although there has
been no consultation between that committee
and the one of which I am chairman, has sub-
stantially anticipated in some measure the
views which I intended to submit to the House.
There is, however, one portion of this bill to
which I take exception, although I do not
know that at this late period of the session
there is time to prepare a bill with sufficient
care to embrace in all its details what would be
required to give efficiency and force to the
provisions of the law. I regard the present
system of collecting the tax upon distilled
spirits as a perfect failure ; and I regret to see
that by this bill the Committee of Ways and
Means propose to retain substantially the pro-
vision of the present law in reference to the
appointment of local inspectors for 'each dis-
tillery, these inspectors being paid by the dis-
tillers. If the object of the committee had
been to facilitate frauds and defeat the col-
lection by the Government of its due amount
of revenue, they could not more successfully or
skillfully have devised a provision for accom-
plishing that object.
Now, sir, I contend that it is the duty of the
Government in the assessment of internal rev-
enue to impose the highest amount of tax
upon such articles as are not necessary for the
health, comfort, or existence of the people. If
such tax is imposed, and the necessity for it is
apparent., the collection of it becomes a neces-
sity, and the creation of law to enforce its col-
lection also becomes a necessity. And if such
tax is imposed and is collected the people are
released at once from tax upon all articles
that do affect their health, comfort, and well-
being. I hold it is the duty of the Government
to impose upon such articles as distilled spirits
and tobacco the highest amount of tax, a tax
in the aggregate that will secure to the Gov-
ernment a revenue that will release all other
articles from any tax whatever. Until all
legislative ability is exhausted, until officers
can no longer be found whose fidelity m the
discharge of their duty can be relied upon,
until every means has been tried, until crime
can no longer be discovered and its perpetra-
tors punished, I shall vote for the imposition
of that tax.
The honorable chairman of the committee
proposes to increase the license of distillers
only $500. I hope this House will raise it to
$1,000, and I hope the collectors of districts
will not be allowed to give a permit for dis-
tillation that shall extend for more than three
months. If at the end of three months the
distiller shall not have demeaned himself prop-
erly he shall not have his license renewed, and
shall lose the $1,000 paid; and if he has
demeaned himself properly he shall have a
renewal for three months.
It will be seen at once the appointment of
these local inspectors, paid by a'distiller, be-
come at once his paid agents and confidential
intimate friends. He is his witness, and when
he is detected in illicit distillation by outside
parties and brought into the Federal courts he
brings up this very man appointed by the Gov-
ernment as his witness to defend and protect
him. He is his witness, and he cannot be any-
thing but his witness unless lie criminates him-
self, for the moment he complains of any
irregularity in that distillery in which he is
placed that distillery stops and his pay ceases.
The strongest temptation to fraud is held out
by the Government when they appoint a man
to office under such circumstances.
Gentlemen upon this floor will remember
when this subject was before the House at the
last session I endeavored faithfully to strike
out this provision, in which I was sustained by
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky. All
I said then, all I predicted then, has come to
pass. The law appointing these officers stinks
m the nostrils of the people. No man at
all familiar with the daily routine and prac-
tice of these distilleries in our largo citics and
towns but knows this is an open door for fraud.
This man stands there protecting the distiller
in his illicit manufacture.
It is not mandatory on the distiller now to
pay a tax, but optional. Under the present
system he pays what he thinks will keep the
inspector quiet. In one district in Brooklyn in
three months subsequent to September thirty-
three licensed distilleries, running with a ca-
pacity of ten thousand gallons per day, on
which the tax would be §20,000 per day, but
S3,000 was paid into the Treasury for the whole
three months. And sincc this law has been in
effect, three months subsequent to the 1st of
September in ten districts in New York, where
this system of local inspection is carried out in
its most pernicious practice, the revenue from
distilled spirits has fallen off half a million dol-
lars in three months. How can you trace a
barrel of spirits without a brand ? The in-
spector is aware there is no testimony to crim-
inate him.
I contend this bill should be amended so that
those officers should be paid by the Government,
and they should not be permitted to remain for
any length of time in any one distillery. I am
willing to abrogate this whole system. I would
reach it in the intermediate result between fer-
mentation and charging the still. I think there
can be a system devised, I think science will
yet devise a plan, by which wo can tax the
specific gravity of all the fluid that passes into
the still.
Why, sir, we collected tax lastyear on fourteen
million gallons only. In the year 1810 this coun-
try distilled over twenty-three million. In 1860
the amount of distilled spirits was ninety mil-
lion. Now, sir. I contend that the consumption
to-day is as large as it was in 18G0, if not larger.
The demoralization growing out of the war, the
taste-that has been engendered for the use of
ardent spirits, has tended to increase the con-
sumption. At all events, I maintain that the
Government does not get more than one eighth
of the tax that it would get if the whole of the
spirits were reached and the tax imposed. The
reason why the Government does not get it is
because of this pernicious system of appoint-
ing local inspectors in the pay of the distillers,
who are their agents and confidential friends
and their witnesses interposed between charges
against them and the Government to protect
them when they are arrested for illicit practices.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be suspended.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of terminating all
general debate, so as to leave the debate open
to the five-minute rule.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Boctwell re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the state of the Unron generally, and
particularly House bill No. 1161, to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue, had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the special order, all gen-
eral debate be terminated in ten minutes, and
that the debate be under the five-minute rule.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to. _ •
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
and particularly House bill No. 1161, to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue.
Mr. McIvBE. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
that I shall occupy the attention of the House
for even the ten minutes allowed for general
debate. I desire to say a few words in relation
to the topic discussed so ably by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Darling,] and to give
my assent to all he has said upon this subject.
I have examined this bill thoroughly, and it
strikes mo that if the committee had sat for six
months, and had been the whole time endeav-
oring to devise a system by which frauds might
be perpetrated in the distillation of spirits, they
could not have accomplished their work more
thoroughly than through this system of ap-
pointing an inspector for each distillery. Sir,
if I had not had some experience and some
personal knowledge of these things my asser-
tions might go for naught. I reside in a dis-
trict altogether rural, in which there is not a
single city, a district where all the distilleries
are very small concerns and always have been.
I know something about the character of the
inspectors who are appointed. The recent
investigation of the committee of which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Darling] is
chairman must certainly show conclusively
that these inspectors are men put over distil-
leries for the purpose of enabling them to per-
petrate frauds rather than prevent them. 'An
inspector who is under no bonds, under no
obligations, who owes nothing to anybody,
who is accountable to nobody for his action ;
and, Mr. Speaker, the corruptions of human
nature we all know, and it is a fact Which
these investigations when published will cer-
tainly bring to light that in one single distil-
lery—yes, 1 will venture the assertion in one
single distillery in the city of New York or
Philadelphia or Brooklyn—more frauds have
boon perpetrated than in all the small distil-
leries throughout the length and breadth of the
land.
One other point m regard to this nxeasure.
It strikes me that it is a law made for one other
purpose : to throw the distillation of spirits
(which as a branch of manufactures is perhaps
more profitable than any other in the country)
into the hands of a few men of capital to crash
out those who have not large capital, and to
prevent the poor man, who would honestly
desire to make a few barrels of whisky which,
if any such liquor is fit to drink, is the only
kind that is—from pursuing the business ot
distilling. . .
So far as I am concerned individually, sir,
I cannot be accused of any personal objcct in
I this matter, for if I could have my own desire
