1220.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February IS,
gratified, and could by a single effective law
sweep away this whole traffic, I w.ould make
the law and strike the blow. But X do not
believe such a thing practicable; and if this
branch of manufacture, which is a curse to all
concerned, is to be indulged in and recognized
as a legitimate business, then I protest against
this policy, which strikes down the honest poor
man and places the whole business in the hands
o£a few men of moneyedinterest. While the
possession of money does not necessarily make
men rascals or dishonest, I have yet to learn
that money alone has ever been found to be a
promoter of honesty. Although distilling is a
business that I would never engage in, yet I
know that as a general thing the men who are
engaged in it in a small way are as honest as
any in the land; and I do not wish to see them
driven out of their business by the power of
capital aided by this law.
Again, sir, I repeat that this inspection law,
the whole machine from beginning to end, is a
measure to create fraud, not to prevent it. It
is a law in the interest of a few favored men
in this nation, who by their immense capital
can establish great concerns and pour out their
thousands of barrels of poisonous liquor, which
runs? daily down the throats of millions, lead-
ing them to destruction, and it prevents poor
honest men, who would almost of necessity
make a pure article, from engaging in-the busi-
ness at all. In my own district the advocates
of this measure say that it is to increase the
revenue; but the records show that by its
operation the revenue has been diminished.
■ Under the operation of the law of 1805 vastly
more revenue was collected than has been col-
lected under the operation of the present law.
Does any man thcreforo suppose that less
whisky has been made, that less whisky lias
been drunk, or that les^'is consumed daily?
By no means, sir; the 'only difference is tliat
much of it is now smuggled under the working
of this law. Lot the law be open. Put on
whatever tax you please, as far as quantity is
concerned, but lot the daw be open.
To show how it affects the revenue, let me
give one or two oxamplea. In my own con-
gressional district, under the law of 1865, the
revenue collector calculated that it would pro-
duce ?240,000 revenue. Under the law of
1806, his estimate is that it will produce loss
than §00,000. And notwithstanding this fall-
ing off in revenue more whisky is consumed
throughout that section of the country, twice
as much, perhaps, as was consumed the pre-
ceding year. And is there any less made?
Not at all. But this law pi-ovents them from
making it in such a manner as that they can
report what they do make. 1 have a letter
upon my desk from the collector of that third
congressional district. He says that in 18G5,
under the operation of thai law, for the year
the total amount of revenue would approxi-
mate to two hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars. Under the operation of the law of
I860 for the next year, the revenue, he says,
will fall below seventy-three thousand dollars.
Take the State of Kentucky alone, and you
will find that under the operation of this
inspection law wc lose more than six hundred
thousand dollars revenue. And the same
applies all over the land.
I only make these general remarks in regard
t° 'his subject. I believe, as the gentleman
from New York has intimated, that a law may
be prepifred by which we may collect the rev-
enue from this source upon the material which
is put in to be manufactured before it goes
through the process of fermentation at all:
an™, y evade these frauds.
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate is
now closed by order of the House. The bill
™n0™be, read, by sections for amendment,
ihe Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted. &c That all acts required in relation
to the assessment, return, collection, and payment
ot the income tax, special tax, and other annual
taxes now by law required in the month of May
snail hereafter be required on the corresponding
days m the month of March in each year: all acts
required in the month of Jane, in relation to the
collection, return, and payment of said taxes, shall
hereafter be required on the corresponding days of
the month of April ot each year.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. ' I move
to amend this section by inserting the words
"to be performed" after the word "required,"
where it first occurs; also-to insert the same
words before the words " in the month of
June."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
that he better modify his amendment so as to
insert after the word "required," where it
first occurs, the words "to be performed;"
and to strike out the words "now by law
required," before the words "in the month
of May,"
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
accept the suggestion of the gentleman, and
modify my amendment accordingly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would make another
suggestion to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper,] that the better way would
be to strike out the word " required " where it
first occurs in this section, and insert the words
" to be performed'' after the word '' required''
where it next occurs in the section.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that is still better; and I modify my amend-
ment accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill] if it is the intention of the committee
that this section shall apply to the coming
months of March and April of this year? The
provisions of this law can hardly be known in
the States on the Pacific by that time.
Mr. MORRILL, I think there will be no
difficulty in having it go into effect at that time.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That apotheca-
ries, butchers, confeetioncrs, and piumbor3 and pas-
fitters, whoso annual sales cxcecd $25,000, shall pay,
ill addition to tho special tax now required by law,
ono dollar for every 81,0il0 in excess of said 625,000 ;
and the taxes on such cxcess shall bo assessed and
paid in tho manner provided in tho case of wholo-
salo dealers.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. A-ml beit further enacted, That in all suits or
proceedings arising underthe internal revenue laws,
to which tho United States is party, and in all suits
or proceedings against a collector or other offioor of
the internal rovenuo, whorein a district attorney
shall appear for tho purpose of prosecuting or de-
fending, it shall be the duty of said attorney imme-
diately at the end of every term of tho court in which
said suit or proceeding is or shall be instituted, to
forward to tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue a
full and particular statement of the condition of all
such suits or proceedings appearing upon the dockot
ot said court: Provided, That upon the institution
of any such suit or proceeding it shall bo tho duty of
said attorney to report to said Commissioner tho full
particulars relating to such suit or proceeding; and
it shall bo tho duty of the Commissioner of Internal
Rovenuo (with tho approval of tho Secretary of the
treasury) to establish such rules and regulations,
not inconsistent with law, for tho observance of rev-
enue officers, district attorneys, and marshals, re-
specting suits arising under tho internal revenue
laws, m which tho United States is a party, as may
be doomed necessary for the just responsibility of
those officers and tho prompt collection of all rev-
enues and debts duo and accruing to the United
States undor such laws.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of Internal Rcvenuo shall have charge
of all lands and other property which have been or
shall bo assigned, set off, or conveyed, by purchase
or otherwise, to the United States, in payment of
debts arising under tho laws relating to internal rev-
enue. and ot all trusts created for tho uso of the Uni-
ted States, in payment of such debts due thorn; and
with tho approval of the Secretary of tho Treasury
may sell and dispose of lands assigned or setoff to
the united States in payment ot such debts, or being
vested m them by mortgage or other security, for tho
paymentof such debts; and in cases where real estate
has already becomc the property of the UnitedStates
by conveyance or otherwise, in payment of or as
security for a debt arising under the laws relating to
internal revenue, and such debt shall have been
paid, together with the interest thereon, to the Uni-
ted States, within two years from tho date of the
acquisition of such real estate, it shall be lawful for
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with tho
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to release
by deed, or otherwise convey, such real estate to the
debtor from whom it was taken, or to his heirs or
other legal representatives.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert before
the words "to the United States," where they
last occur in the section, the words "at the
rate of one per cent, per month " as the rate*
of interest.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " one "
and inserting the ward " one half," as the rate
of interest per- month.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, that is pre-
cisely the legal rate of interest—six per cent.
The object of the amendment which I propose,
is that it shall not be to the interest of a debtor
to have his property sold and then at the end
of two years redeem it by simply paying six
per cent, interest.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] whether or
not the "debt" referred to in this section does
not include whatever penalty may have been
assessed? As I understand it, the interest
accrues, not only on the amount of taxes, but
on the penalty.
Mr. ALLISON. It is quite possible that
under certain circumstances the penalty may
be included ; but in many instances thepenalty,
from necessity, would be very light. Certainly,
if the debtor is allowed the privilege of re-
deeming his property at the end of two years,
he ought to be satisfied to pay one per cent,
per month for the time during which he has
withheld the money.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "of," in the ninth line, the
words "at public vendue upon not less than
twenty days' notice;" so that the clause will
read as follows:
And, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may sell and dispose of at public vendue
upon not less than twenty days'notice, lands assigned
or sot off to tho United States in payment of such
debts, or being vested in them by mortgage or other
seouj-ity for tho payment of such debts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ FARQUHAR. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "thereon." in the six-
teenth line of this section, the words "and all
expenses incurred by the Government in col-
lecting said debt;" so that the clause will read
as follows:
And in cases where real estate has a.lready be-
como tho property of the United States by convey-
ance 01- otherwise, in payment of or as security for a
debt arising under the laws relating to internal rov-
enuo, and such debt shall have been paid, together
with the interest thereon, and all expenses incurred
by tho Government in collecting said debt.
Mr. HILL. I d ssire to inquire of my col-
league whether this amount is intended to in-
clude such expenses as compensation of de-
tectives, fees of counsel, &c., or whether it
simply is designed to include what is under-
stood by "costs?"
Mr. FARQUITAR. The object of the amend-
ment is to cover all the legitimate expenses
which the Government is necessarily obliged
to incur in the prosecution of the suit, and
the disposal of the property. I do not under-
stand that the amendment which has been
adopted includes these expenses. It simply
covers the interest upon the money during the
time for which the use of it has been enjoyed.
Mr. FINCIt. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. The proposition of the gen-
tleman^ from Indiana [Mr, Farquhar] is too
indefinite. It uses the term "expenses."
Now, what are " expenses?" Does the term
include attorneys' fees, the compensation of
detectives, and costs of court, or what does it
mean? In ^ my view, it is better in all such
cases as this that there should be a specific
amount fixed as a penalty, so that the debtor
may know what he is obliged to pay and the
Government what it has the right to demand.
I am opposed to the amendment because of the
uncertainty of its language.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "ex-
penses," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
