1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
" costs." The latter is the legal word and is
well understood.
Mr. FARQUH'AR. This is designed to in-
clude more than mere costs.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend by adding
" 3.11 costs and necessary expenses."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order. An amendment to the amendment
is already pending.
Mr. ALLISON. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
neither of these amendments should be adopted.
The provision of this section is intended only
to cover a class of cases in which the Govern-
ment makes a compromise with the delinquent
party or where property has been sold upon
execution or process of a court. Of course
whatever sum the property may sell for would
include the proper costs of the suit, and would
be a part of the debt due to the Government.
It seems to me, therefore, the section is as well
as it could be with any amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. M.vYNAto's amendment to the,amend-
ment was disagreed to ; and then Mr. Fak-
quaiiar's was also rejected.
Mr. COOPER. I move to amend by inserting
in line seventeen of section four, after the word
"estate," the words " by the debtor, his heirs,
assigns, or other legal representatives, or any
mortgagee or judgment-creditor of the debtor
and inserting in line twenty-one, section four,
after the word ''representatives," the words
"mortgagee or judgment-creditor so redeem-
ing."
The object of the amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, is to confer upon the creditor of the
debtor the same right to redeem that the debtor
has. Of course the only object the Govern-
ment has in view is the security of the debt for
which the real estate has been taken. If it can
get its money from any source it is that much
to the advantage of the Government; so that
by giving the judgment-creditor of the debtor
the right to redeem you thereby furnish addi-
tional means to the Government to get its
money.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to_insert "mortga-
gee" before "judgment-creditor."
Mr. COOPER. I accept it.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. This amendment should not be adopted
for various reasons. This is a personal privi-
lege tendered for the benefit of the debtor and,
his creditors. If a judgment-creditor shall have
the benefit, which one shall it be? Suppose a
judgment-creditor proposes to come in and
redeem in three months, what will become of
the debtor and his creditors? It seems to me
this should be confined to the debtor and his
representatives.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is variously under-
stood as to whether the first amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa was considered as adopted
or rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. It was adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It was understood by
the gentleman from Iowa to have been rejected,
and he withdrew .his amendment. The Chair
announced. 40 in the affirmative and 'i-1 in. tho
negative.
The CHAIRMAN. 'It was 44 m the affirma-
tive and 40 in the negative. _ The Chair u"der-
stood the objection was withdrawn, ana the
■ amendment was declared adopted. If there is
doubt, however  . T
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is doubt, and I
ask the gentleman from Iowa whether he uicl
not understand the amendment to be rejected I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois can have a vote on the amendment m
the House. ,
The pending amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the word
:lbeing" in line ten.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 5. And, be. it further enacted, That if it shall at
anv t ime be ascertained that the manufacturer of any
nrticle upon which a tax is required to ho paiu by
means of a stamp, shall have sold or removed for sale
any suoh articles withoutthe useof the properstamp,
in addition to the penalties now imposed by law for
such sale or removal, it shall be the duty of tho
proper assessor or assistant assessor, upon such in-
formation as hecan obtain, to assumeand estimate the
amountof-the tax which hasbcen omitted to be paid,
and to make an assessment therefor, and certify the
same to the collector; and it shall also bo the duty of
the proper assessor or assistant assessor in like man-
ner to assume and ostimato the amount of taxes
which may be due from any manufacturer of distilled
spirits on account of any spirits manufactured by
him upon which the tax has not been paid, and to
make the proper assessment therefor, and the subse-
quent-proceedings for collection shall bo in allrespects
like those for the collection of taxes upon manufac-
tures and productions.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend in the first and sccond lines by
striking out after the word " that'' the words
"it shall be at any time ascertained that."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move at the close of
the section to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no tax shall be collocted on any
spirits manufactured in tho State of Tennessee and
disposed of by the manufacturers before the 1st day
of August, 1866.
I beg the attention of the House to tho
reasons for this amendment. There arc a
great many small distilleries in Tennessee that
make but a few barrels of spirits. They were
in operation before any system of internal
revenue was extended to that section by the
appointment of assessors and collectors. The
distillers were in fact ignorant of tho provis-
ions of internal revenue law. Most of tho time
they were under military rule and were regu-
lated by what were called permits. The liquor
was made and sold at prices not exceeding a
dollar or a dollar and a half a gallon, and was
actually consumed in the neighborhood. Now,
to impose a tax upon those people for their
arrearages would, as they are men of small
means, break up and destroy their business.
I have had a communication from the assessor
in my own district urging as a matter of jus-
tice that prior to the time fixed by this bill
the tax should not bo imposed upon liquors
that were not then in the hands of the manu-
facturers, such as have been disposed of and
consumed. The amount of revenue raised by
the Government, if we attempt to pursue these
people, will be very smifll, and to impose this
tax would be a great hardship. We had no
internal revenue officers there to enforce tho
law and the manufacturers were in fact igno-
rant of it. I have seen letters from persons
engaged in this business desiring to know
whether the law imposes a tax of two dollars
a gallon. J trust they may be relieved fiom
the imposition of this tax so far as I have pro-
posed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man to waive this and let the committee con-
sult the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and bring it in again at another point.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest to tho gentleman to have it read "dis-
posed of by the manufacturer and consumer."
[Laughter.] 4
Mr. DARLING. If it_ is consumed, how
can you collect the tax on it? The gentleman
complains of this being a hardship. Now, all
taxes are hardships as a matter of course.
Tennessee is reconstructed, and I think she
ought to be willing to pay her share of the tax.
I see no reason why there should be exemption
or discrimination in regard to that State. The
tax should bear equally on all sections. There
will of course lie hardships in individual cases,
but that cannot be avoided.
Mr. MAYNARD. For the purpose of
answering the gentleman, I move to strike out
the last word. The state of things in Tennes-
see is unlike that of any other State. J lie
liquor manufactured by these men was actually
sold for much less than the amount of tax,
while there was no officer there to make the
demand for the tax. Now, it is proposed to
send an assessor to impose this tax, which will
be unjust and ruinous to the manufacturers.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask by general consent
that we pass over this section until to-morrow,
in order to have the committee confer and con-
sider it, leaving the amendment to be -renewed
if necessary.
No objection being made, the Section was
accordingly passed over witsh that understand-
ing.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask leave to suggest
another amendment, by striking chit in Tine
eight and also in line twelve the words "as-
sume and." I only make the suggestion.
_ Mr. PAINE. Is it understood that this sec-
tion is passed over -with a view of returning to it
for the purpose of making anyjunendment?
Tho CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. G. A nd be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
whenever he shall deem it expedient, to designate
oneor moroof the assistant assessors in any collection
district to make assessments in any part of suoh col-
lection district for all suoh taxes as may be duo upon
any specified objects of taxation, and m suoh caSo it
shall bo the duty of the otner assistant assessors of
such collection district to report to the assistant as-
sessor thus specifically designated all matters which
may come to their knowledge relative to any assess-
ments to be made by him: Provided^ That whenever
two or more districts or parts of districtsare embraced
within one county it may be lawful for suoh assist-
ant assessor or assessors to make assessment any-
where within suoh county upon such specified objects
of taxation as ha may bo by said Commissioner re-
quired : Provided further. That suoh assessment shall
bo returned to tho assessor of tho district in which
such taxes are payablo.
No amendment being offered to the above
section,
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 7. And bp. it farther enacted, That tho Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with tho approval of the
Secretary of tho Treasury, is hereby authorized to
I pay such suras, not exceeding in tho aggregate tho
I amount appropriated therefor, as may in their judg-
ment bedeomed necessary for detectingand bringing
to trial and punishment persons guilty of violating
tho internal revenue laws, or conniving at. the same
in cases where such expenses are not otherwise pro-
vided for by law. And for this purpose thero is
hereby appropriated $300,000, or so much thereof as
may bo necessary, out of any money in tho Treasury
not otlierwiso appropriated.
No amendment being offered to the above
section,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That hereafter for
any luilure to pay any internal revenue tax at the
tuno and in the mapner required, by law, where such
failure creates a liability to pay a penalty of ton per
cent, additional upon tho amount of tax so due and
unpaid, tho person or persons so failing ornegleoting
to pay said tax, instead of ten per cent, as aforesaid,
shall pay a penalty of fivo per cent., togothor with
interest at tho lato of one per cent, per month upon
said tax from the tiiuo the same bceamo due, but
no interest for any fraction of a month shall be
demanded.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk road the first clause of section
nine, as follows:
Sec. 0. A ml be it further enacted, That the act enti-
tled "An act to provide internal revenuo to support
the Government, to pay interest on tho public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864, as
amended by tho act approved July 13,1866, bo, and
the same is hereby, amended as follows, namely:
That section twenty-two be amended by striking
out alter the words "assistant assessor" and before
the word "actually" tho word.-* "four dollars for
everyday,'' and inserting in lieu thereof tho words
" five dollars for every day;" and furtbor, by striking
out the following woids: "And assistant assessors
may be allowed, in tho settlement of their accounts,
such sum as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall approve, not exceeding $300 per annum for
office rent; but no account for such office rent shall
be allowed or paid until it shall have been verified in
such manner as tho Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may require, and shall have been audited and
approved by tho proper officers of tho Treasury De-
partment; and assistant assessors, when employed
outside of the town in which they reside, in addition
to the compensation which they aro now allowed by
law, shall, during such time so employed, receive one
dollar per day." This amendment shall take effect
upon compensation for the month of March, 1867, and
thercaftor.
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend this clause
by striking out " $300" and inserting u $1,000"
as the salary of the assistant assessor.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is merely the por-
tion of the section of the present law which
this bill proposes to strike out. The gentle-
man does not certainly propose to amend that
portion of the law which we propose to strike
out.
Mr. McRUER. I was under a misappre-
hension ; I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to strike out
