1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1881-
REPORT ON INTER-OCBANIO CANALS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print additional copies of the
report of the Secretary of theNavy in relation
to inter-oceanic canals and railroads, to report
it with an amendment, and to ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was in line one, to strike out "two" and
to insert "five," andin line three to strike out
"one thousand five hundred" and to insert
"four thousand five hundred;" so that the
resolution will read:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of the Navy on inter-
oceanic canals and railroads, with an additional
chart, be printed and bound, of which four thousand
five hundred copies shall bo for the use of the Sen-
ate and five hundred copies shall be for the use of
the Superintendent of the Naval Observatory.
Mr. ANTHONY. This additional number
has been reported at the earnest request of the
Senators from the Pacific coast, who regard it
as of very great importance, in which the com-
mittee fully concur. I
The amendment was agreed to. 1
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
RUSSIAN PRESENTS TO AMERICAN OFFICERS, j
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com- !
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom the '
subject was referred, to report a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 184) authorizing Gustavus V.
Fox, late Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and
the officers of the iron-clad Miantonomah and
gunboat Augusta, to accept presents tendered
them by the EmperoT of Russia; and if there
is no objection I ask for the action of the
Senate upon it now. .
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was read twice, and considered as in Commit-
too ftf tka Whnlp
Mr. JOHNSON. The committee, I believe,
were unanimous in recommending the passage
of this resolution, and my impression was that
the resolution of itself would save the neces-
sity the Government are under, under the law
as it stands, of exacting duties upon the articles
we consent shall be received by these officers ;
but I understand that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is of the opinion that unless it is stated in
the resolution that they are to be received free
of duties the duties must be exacted. Among
other articles that were presented to Mr. Fox
particularly was a snuff-box surmounted by
diamonds, and I understand the duties upon
that box will be upward of four thousand dol-
lars; and the books, which are, I believe,
all of a statistical character, containing very
valuable information to the country when they
come to be translated, are also subject to a
very high duty. It is the purpose of Mr. Fox,
as he announced in the letter which was laid
before the committee, as the chairman will
state to the Senate, to distribute those books
among the different literary institutes or col-
leges to be found in the United States, not to
retain them himself. I therefore suggest to
my friend, the chairman, that perhaps he had
better amend the resolution so as to provide
that these presents shall be received free of
duty.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that
myself, but I had supposed that question be-
longed to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there will
be any difficulty about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I she
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding to it the following:
And that the presents hereby authorized to be re-
ceived may be admitted Into the ports of the United
States free of duty.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts what is the char-
acter of the presents indicated by the resolu-
tion?
Mr. SUMNER. There is a large number
should gladly accept the
of books, which Mr. Fox proposes to distribute
among different institutions. There is also a
very valuable snuff-box, which was a present
from the Emperor to Mr. Fox, and which the
Senator from Maryland states has been sub-
jected to a very onerous duty at the custom-
house. Of that I know nothing, however.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that Mr. Fox
has accumulated a large amonnt of books,
mostly professional books relating to the Naval j
profession, not only in Russia, but elsewhere— 1 [
in Denmark, Italy, and France. They are j
now deposited, I understand, at the Naval j|
Lyceum at the Charlestown navy-yard. They ;
are of no use to him. He proposes, as I un-
derstand, or as the Senator has said, to dis- 1
tribute them at points along the coast where
there are libraries connected with our Navy- !
yards. The resolution as it stands would hardly j
cover the books that were collected, except
those received from the Government of Russia.
Mr. SIJMNER. The Senate will understand
that the resolution reported from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations is confined strictly to j
the matter that seemed to belong to that com-
mittee. We did not enter into the question
which seemed properly to belong to another
committee, that on Finance. We have simjily ,
followed the precedents of the body with refer-
ence to presents. I had supposed that the
exemption from duty might be attached to an
appropriation bill. At any rate, it would come
properly from another committee. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how
these gentlemen stand in so much better con- j
dition than men who go abroad and purchase i
libraries, and not only have to pay for them
themselves, but pay the duties on them when |
imported. Here it seems that large numbers
of books have been presented to these gentle-
men, and presented to them because they hap-
pened to be the favored officers sent out on this
very delightful cruise, in which they have been
enjoying all sorts of hospitalities on account of
their nation, and very properly, and I am very
glad of it. They have had valuable presents
made to them of books and otherthings. They
have not been obliged, as others have been for
similar purposes, to spend their money for the
purchase or these books. I do not know what
is to become of them. We hear some talk
about what is proposed to be done with them,
but we have no legal assurance on that subject.
We know nothing about it. I submit to the
Senate whether a distinction should be made
in favor of gentlemen abroad, who have had
valuable presents made to them of books and
other articles and not been obliged to pay any-
thing for them, and we should remit the duties
on them because they cost them nothing, when
other persons abroad who buy those articles ;
and import them are obliged to pay the duties?
That is the simple question presented to the
Senate, and it is one for the Senate to deter-
mine.
Mr. SUMNER. If the resolution is confined
to the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land I think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That involves the same
question. It authorizes them to receive pres-
ents, &c. The question is whether the pres-
ents ought to be received free of duty.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this is
a very different case from that put by the Sen-
ator from Maine. He undertakes to illustrate
it by the case of a gentleman who goes to Eu-
rope and buys a private library. Here is an
individual who goes to Europe by authority of
the Government, and while there there is pre-
sented to him a large quantity of professional
books, a snuff-box, a scimiter, and a quantity
of very valuable ores and mineral specimens.
Those ores came in free of duty. He imme-
diately transferred them to the Smithsonian
Institution; and in an interview that I had with
Professor Henry he spoke of the great value
of those specimens, and how much he was in-
debted to the Government and to Mr. Fox for
them. On those he was not compelled to pay
duty. The books, because he did not feel dis-
posed to pay the duties on them, hare been
deposited, as I understand, in the library known
as the Lyceum at the Charlestown navy-yard,
subject to such action as may be taken in the
future by the Government, and there they are
to remain, or else they will be sold by the Gov-
ernment aud purchased by whosoever chooses
to purchase them under the custom-house regu-
lations. He does not want them. He has no
use for them. They all, I understand, or nearly
all relate cither to nautical subjects or to some-
thing in regard to the development and re-
sources and history of Russia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator that if that was reduced to a certainty I
should not object to it; but there is no cer-
tainty that they are to go into a Government
library. If they are, there would be every
reason why the duty should not be exacted,
because it would be exacting duty on our own.
If that is the case, I do not object.
Mr. GRIMES. It is only reduced to this
certainty, that Mr. Fox does not want them ;
they are of no service to him ; they are nearly
all on professional subjects, nautical subjects,
or the history of Russia.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a communication
here from Mr. Fox on the subject. This is
the letter communicated to the committee by
the Department of State, which was the basis
of our action. He says:
"I have a large number of books received from
institutions, individuals, and societies, which are
now in the Boston navy-yard. They are mostly
statistical, and although personal gilts, I propose to
distribute them where the information they contain
will be made useful by translation and publication.
There are many books, and other articles sent to me
for distribution, which have been forwarded as the
donors have requested." f
It will be observed that this was all the com-
mittee had before them, and there is nothing
said here about duties, and there is no prayer
for exemption from duties. In reporting the
resolution, therefore, the committee followed
1 precisely the precedents of this body and what
seemed to be the exigency. There is nothing
here about exemption from duties.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is true, because at
that time we were under the impression that
the consent given by Congress to the accept-
ance of articles of that description would of
itself exempt them from duty. It was thought
the Secretary of the Treasury had that power,
but he has not, I understand. He says so
himself. He has no objection at all, but on
the contrary, I am told he prefers that this
shall be done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the amendment
will be adapted. I trust that the Government
will never do such a shabby thing as to make
money out of a present of the Emperor of Rus-
sia to an officer accredited by us to bear our
congratulations to him on his escape from as-
sassination. We want money very much, but
we are not so poor as that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 632) to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river at Fort Leav-
enworth, Kansas; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill i,S.
No. t>33) in relation to certain public buildings
in the District of Colombia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
A. D. TROTTER.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following re*-
olution: which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rfobtd, That the Po«tm  t#r General inform the
