•1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the last word for the purpose of asking the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Morrill,] or some other gentle-
man, what is the meaning of this clause;
whether or not it increases the pay of the
assistant assessor?
Mr. MORRILL. It leaves the pay about
the same as it is now by law ; only it makes it
five- dollars per day without any allowance for
rent.
Mr. FAUQUHAR, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That section seven ty-thrce be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that any person who shall
exercise or carry on any trade, business, or profession,
or do any act hereinafter mentioned, for the exercis-
ing, carrying on, or doing of which a special tax is
imposed by law, without payment thereof, as in that
behalf required, shall, for every such offense, besides
being liable to the payment of tho tax, be subject to
aflno of not loss than ton nor more than five hundred
dollars. And ifsuch person shall be a manufacturer
of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or a distiller or a rectifier,
or a wholesale or retail dealer in liquor, he shall bo
further liable to imprisonment for a term not loss
than sixty days and not excocding two years.
•"Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to amend this
clause by striking out the words:
And if suoh person shall be a manufacturer of to-
biieeo, snuff, or cigars, or a distiller or rectifier, or a
wholesaleor retaildealer in liquor, heshall befurther
liable to imprisonment for a term not less than sixty
days and not exceeding two years.
I am not aware that it is any more of a crime
to carry on the business of manufacturing
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, without paying the
license therefor than it would bo to carry on
(lie business of tho practice of law or of medi-
cine or of any other employment or profession
for which a license is required. Neither can I
discover any necessity on the part of the Gov-
erument to impose a severer punishment upon
persons in this particular business who violate
the law than upon persons in any other busi-
ness. Itisnota kind of employment which
can bo carried on with any more secrecy than
many other kinds of employment, or an employ-
ment that works any greater detriment to the
public interest than many other kinds of
employment. It would seem to be a reflection
by this House upon a great number of respect-
able men all over the country, but more par-
f icularly in the cilics, who arc engaged in this
particular branch of business. 1 cannot see
any reason for it, either in the way of benefit
to the revenue or for the suppression of crime,
if this is to bo regarded in that light.
_ I hope, therefore, either that the part I have
indicated will be stricken out or that tho sec-
tion will be so amended as to make tho extreme
punishment which is attempted to be affixed to
this particular branch of business applicable to
a violation of the license law in respect to all
oilier classes of business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope tho amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hum-
1'Urky] will not be adopted. It is very well
known that the two articles mentioned in this
clause, which ought to furnish us the largest
portion of our internal revenue, are the most
subject to frauds of any articles in the whole
hst; and that just in proportion as the tax is
made high ou any particular article just in that
proportion is the temptation to defraud. And
as a matter of fact the interest of the Govern-
ment in every gallon of whisky paying tax is
very much greater than the interest which the
owner or manufacturer has in it. The facilities
concealing all the operations connected with
manufacturing tobacco or cigars or distilling
whisky are so very great that without the most
stringent regulations it is found absolutely
impossible to collect the tax. Itrust, therefore,
that this amendment will not prevail, but that
. we shall incorporate m thisbill all possible safe-
guards for the interest of the Government.
. °w> "i.some courts it has been found that the
judges, m pronouncing sentencefora violation
ot the law m this respect, have imposed punish-
ments merely nominal, as for instance, one
clay s imprisonment or six cents fine. Thus in
^ many cases the judges have absolutely eneour-
violations of the law. It is found neces
sary, therefore, that instead of leaving it op-
tional with the judge to impose either pun-
ishment we should provide for the infliction of
both, taking care that they shall not be so
light as to encourage the violators of the law.
I trust that the provisions as reported may be
sustained by the judgment of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move an
amendment which, as it proposes to perfect
the text of the bill, takes preccdence of the
motion to strike out the whole clause. I move
to amend by striking out in the thirty-seventh
line the words " or a distiller, or a rectifier."
These words are unnecessary, as the matter is
provided for in another portion of the bill.
Before taking my seat, I desire to say a few
words on the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Humphrey.] The fact
is that a large number of persons, especially
in the gentleman's own State, succeed in carry-
ing on illegally the business, for instance, of
a liquor-dealer, yet when an attempt is made
to subject them to the penalty of the law the
district judge imposes a merely nominal fine.
Unless we specify in the law a minimum amount
of fine and a minimum term of imprisonment,
there must continue to be an utter evasion of
the law. It is suggested to me by a gentle-
man here that on the question of drinking the
inclination of the bench harmonizes with the
interest of the retail liquor dealers. [Laugh
ter.] It is perfectly apparent that if the pres
ent law is continued, without some such amend
ment as we now propose, persons in certain
localities may^carry on the business of selling
tobacco or cigars or whisky while refusing
to pay any tax. If we would protect tho honest
dealers who pay tho tax we must enforce
some adequate penalty ivjori those who do not
pay it.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill was
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Humphrey, it was not agreed to.
_ Mr. DARLING. I move^to amend by add-
ing at the end of the thirty-ninth line the words
"and until the fine is paid."
Mr,, Chairman, I think experience has shown
that unless you enforce the payment of these
fines by imprisonment, continuing until they
are paid, they never are collected. This is the
fact as it is found to exist by the select com-
mittee who havo examined this subject. If
you would enforce properly your revenue laws
you must provide that where the penalty is
a fine, accompanied with imprisonment, the
imprisonment shall continue until the fine is
paid.
Mr. PAINE. It seems to me that if the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
is to be adopted, we should change the phrase-
ology of tho clause; because unless this change
be made it will provide for imprisonment*
'not exceeding two years," but which is to
continue until the fine is paid." I suggest
to the gentleman from New York to include in
his amendment a further modification of the
language of the bill.
I he CHAIRMAN. That will be open to
amendment if this amendment is agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the amendment be
again read.
'lbe Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose he is not able to
pay it. I move to antend by saying not exceed-
ing ten years. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. The party may be fined
or imprisoned. Suppose he is fined?
Mr. DARLING. Then imprisonment can
be added by the judge if he regards the case
of so flagrant a character as to need further
punishment. The fine does not exceed in anv
case $500.
Mr. ALLISON. While I agree with the
gentleman from New York we Should require
stringent provisions, it does seem to me the
amendment proposed by him should not be
adopted. _ We have stricken out from this pro-
vision distillers and rectifiers of whisky.
Mr. D ARLIN G. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I" offer the following
amendment:
After the word " dollars," in line thirty-five, insert
the word "or;" strike out the words, "and if such
. person shall be a manufacturer of tobacco, snuff, or
r cigars, or'a distiller or a rectifier, or a wholesale or
retail dealer in liquor, he shall be further liable;"
and at the end of line thirty-nine insert "or both
such fine and imprisonment in the discretion of the
court;" so that it will read:
That section seventy-three be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting in
lieu thereof thefollowing: That any person who snail
exercise orcarry on any trade, business, orprofession,
or do any act hereinafter mentioned, for the exer-
cising, carrying on, or doing.of which a special tax is
imposed by law, without payment thereof, as in that
behalf required, shall, for 'every such offense, be-
sides being liable to the payment of the tax, be sub-
ject to a fine of not less than ten nor more than five
hundred dollars, or to imprisonment for a term not
less than sixty days, and not exceeding two years,
or both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion
of the court.
Mr. Chairman, as I have already suggested,
it seems to me perfectly proper and right to
strike out this last provision making a distinc-
tion in punishment between the man who com-
mits one crime and he who commits another.
The committee seem to be opposed to that on
the theory that the kinds of employment pro-
vided for in this last clause may require greater
punishment than some other kinds of employ-
ment for which licenses must be procured be-
fore any one can engage in them.
I desire for the purpose of removing one
invidious distinction between people engaged
in different classes of business to have this
amendment adopted. It will relieve us from
manifest inconsistency in determining by legis-
lative action that a man who commits crime
in one respect is not as guilty as a man who
commits crime in another branch of business.
It seems to me they should all be put upon tho
same level; and that we should therefore
strike out this particular class of persons.
Let this severe punishment attempted to be
applied to certain classes be applied to all who
are required to take out licenses, leaving to
the discretion of the court to apply it when
a- case comes up considered as-requiring as
extreme a penalty as this.
Mr. GARFIELD. The thing we have tried
to avoid is to leave this matter to the discre-
tion of certain courts that have used their dis-
cretion in a bad way. The gentleman asks
what was voted down a few minutes ago; and
I hope that it will be voted down again.
Mr. NOELL. I move to strike out the
whole clause.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. NOELL. I move to strike out the last
word and to insert the amendment I shall in-
dicate. A few days ago it was ascertained that
the judicial tribunals of the southern States did
not dispense justice fairly and impartially, and
we therefore established military governments
there. From what has been said by the gen-
tleman from New York it is very clear that the
judges of that State are not doing their duty
faithfully by the loyal people. Therefore I
move that in lieu of this proposition General
Grant be directed to detail a brigadier general
to enforce the revenue laws of the State of New
York.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not the intention to
detain the committee longer than to reach the
next section of the bill. The proposition of
the gentleman from New York is objection-
able. It is very important to know who these
parties are who deal in these articles. Great
frauds are committed by the makers of tobacco
and cigars and dealers in liquor, and if we can
fix their places of business by the fact of their
taking a license we may track something into
their hands. _ And it is very proper we should
make a discrimination in reference to manu-
facturers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and deal-
ers in liquor, for the reason that more frauds
are practiced in that direction than in almost
any other, and we are not able as yet to collect
anything like half the amount of revenue we
we ought to receive from that quarter.
Mr. NOELL withdrew his amendment,
ihe amendment of Mr. Humphrey was
disagreed to.
