.1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Senate whether any, and what, mail contracts, if
any, have been xnado with A. D. Trotter, of Staun-
ton, Virginia, and whether any, and what, moneys,if
any, have been paid by the Government to the said
Trotter on said contracts, without his taking the
oath of office prescribed therefor by act of Congress;
whether the oath filed upon which the said A. D.
Trotter has drawn his pay as mail contractor is in the
form prescribed by law; and whether the said Trot-
ter ever actually subscribed and took the oath so
filed. I
nOUSE bill referred. I
The bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of 1
Samuel Silver was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. j
pat of army officers.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the ,
bill of the Senate No. 502, to provide for |
a temporary increase of the pay ol officers in
the Army of the United States, and for other '
purposes. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The action
of the House will be read.
Mr. WILSON. I have examined those
amendments, and although there are one or
two I would have preferred otherwise, I move
that the Senate concur in the amendments.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will first be read.
The Secretary read the amendments, as fol-
lows :
Strike out section three, and insert the following
in lieu thereof:
Sec. o. And be it further enacted., That the provis-
ions of the joint resolution approved July 25,1866,
entitled "A joint resolution in regard to the rations
of Union soldiers held as prisoners of war," shall be
extended so as to allow commutation of rations at
cost prices in the settlement of the accounts of all
enlisted men of the Army, Navy, and Marine corps,
who died while held as prisoners of war in the rebel
States, or who, having been so held as prisoners of
war, have died, or may die subsequent to release, to
be paid, however, only to the widow of such de-
ceased person, if such widow remain unmarried, or
in case there be no such widow then to the surviving
children of thedeceascd, or if there be no such widow
or children, then to the parent or parents of the de-
ceased, or if thero be no such widow, children, parent
or parents, then to the brothers and sisters of the
deceased.
Strike out the fourth section:
In section eight, strike out all after the enacting
olausedown to and including the word "infantry"
in line four and insert thefollowing: " That (except-
ing the ordnance storekeeper and paymaster at the
Springfield armory, who has the rank, pay, and al-
lowances of a major of cavalry) all storekeepers of
the Army shall hereafter have the rank, pay, and
allowances of captains of cavalry."
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That in any case
where a person entitled to receive paymenttif bounty
under the provisions of any law shall make applica-
tion therefor, or where such application shall be
made by the proper representatives of such person,
being deceased, and the discharge of such person
has been lost, it shall be competent for the account-
ing officers to receive, in lieu of the actual produc-
tion of such discharge, proof of the actual loss of the
same, and secondary proof of its issue and contents,
together with proof of the identity of the claimant
or person deceased, under such rules defining the
character and form of the evidence as the Paymaster
General shall prescribe.
Add the following as an additional section at the
end of the bill:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That section fif-
teen of the act to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States, and for other purposes,
approved July 5,1838, be amended so that general
officers shall not hereafter bo excluded from receiv-
ing the additional ration for every five years' ser-
vice: and it is hereby further provided that officers
on the retired list of the Army shall have the same
allowance of additional rations for every five years'
service as officers in active service.
The amendments were concurred in.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives further in-
sisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 896, making appropriations forthe legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes, and upon its
amendment to the forty-sixth amendment of
the Senate to the said bill; agreed to the further
conference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. J. F. Farnsworth of Illinois,
Mr. F. E. Woodbridge of Vermont, and Mr.
C. A. Eldridge of Wisconsin, managers at the
same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 1030, making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes, and had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill with
amendments, asked a-conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. J. A. Kasson of Iowa,
Mr. W. Windom of Minnesota, and Mr. W.
E. Niblack of Indiana, managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 534) to pro-
vide for the allotment of the members of the
Supreme Court among the circuits and for the
appointment of a marshal for the Supreme
Court, with amendments in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate; and that it
had also passed a bill (H. R. No. 1225) forthe
relief ofLieutenant John H. Osier, of Guernsey
county, Ohio, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolutions; and they 1
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate: j
A«bill (H. R. No. 878) to quiet titles to land
in the towns of Santa Clara and Petaluma, in i
the State of California;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to pay certain
claims out of the balance of an appropriation
for the payment of necessary expenditures in
the service of the United States for Indian
affairs in the Territory of Utah;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audit
and pay the claim of Tuller & Fisher, of Mis-
souri; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 182) for print-
ing additional copies of the Appendix to the
Diplomatic Correspondence of 1865.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1039) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th J\yie, 1868, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and the amendments of
the House to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and,
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Retolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; disagree to the amendments of the
House to other amendments of the Senate thereto,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on thepart of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Henderson, Mr. Morrill, and Mr.
Sherman.
civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 1173.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1173) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance. The
amendment of the committee was to insert as
a new section the following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted; That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to suoh
assistant assessors as were actually employed in the
collection of internal revenue in the rebel States
prior to the 1st day of August, 1866, compensation at
the rate prescribed by law; and an amount sufficient
for that purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON proposed to amend the amend-
ment by strikin§ out all after the word " that"
in the first line, and inserting :
In employing persons who could not take the oath
required by law as assistant assessors in the rebel
States in the collection of internal revenue, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury acted in violation of law, but
the persons so employed, being guilty of no offense,
are entitled in equity to be paid for services per-
formed; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to pay to such assistant assessors as were
actually employed in the collection of internal rev-
enue in the rebel States prior to the 1st day of Au-
gust, I860, compensation at the rate prescribed by
law; and an amount sufficient for that purpose is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment, in order to allow the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to move an
amendment which he has prepared, and which
I shall vote for most cheerfully.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I observe in reading the
morning papers that the debate of last night is
stated in such a way as to do injustice, I think,
both to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] and myself. As I always desire to cul-
tivate the most kindly relations with my fellow-
Senators, I desire to state that this report will
undoubtedly give an erroneous opinion to per-
sons reading it who did not hear the debate.
I did feel very much hurt last night by a re-
mark of the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the Senator from Ohio sought to conceal a
crime. I looked upon it as a personal reflec-
tion, to which I could .not submit, and there-
fore I replied substantially in the language
stated; but the subsequent disclaimer of the
Senator from Massachusetts of all intention
to apply the remark to me personally, or to
the members of the Committee on Finance,
relieved me from all trouble in regard to it. I
certainly, therefore, did not feel like pressing
the matter or saying anything more about it.
I regarded the statement of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that he did not apply the re-
mark to me personally, as ample and sufficient,
and therefore with great pleasure withdraw
the remark that I made. I never have in any
case to my knowledge made a remark to wound
the feelings of the most sensitive Senator, un-
less I was pressed to it by some personally
offensive remark made to me ; and as the Sen-
ator, in the subsequent debate, which is not
reported in the morning papers, disclaimed all
such intention, I certainly would not wish to
keep such a remark upon the record.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio
only does me simple justice. I surely had no
intention nor the most remote idea of throwing
any such personal imputation on him or his
associates of the committee as he imagined.
My purpose was to develop as strongly as I
could what seemed to me the natural effect and
consequence of the pending provision. With
this explanation I gladly let it pass. I have
always entertained for the Senator, as he well
knows, sentiments of friendship, and I should
regret very much that any language should fall
either from myself or from him which could
interfere in any way with the relations between
us. I do not believe in personalities, although
I do believe in stating the truth on important
questions strongly.
Now, Mr. President, as I mi on the floor,
allow me to say that it seems to me this discus-
sion has reached such a stage that we are in a
condition to act perhaps a little more positively
upon the question than we were yesterday. It
is seen, and I believe admitted all around, that
there has been a certain service rendered
without sanction of law or even in direct vio-
lation of law. Of course, therefore, there can
be no payment here under existing law ; and I
now present to the Chair a question of order
to this effect: that the pending proposition,
