458
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
sage cif this act, and shall apply to oases founded
upon contract only. The officer charged with the
execution of any writ of attachment or execution
shall ascertain the value and amount of 'provisions
to be Allowed to any family under this act by sum-
• moniug three householders of the District, who shall
to. first duly sworn by such officer faithfully to per-
form their duty, and proceed'to set apart the provis-
ions necessary for the debtor's family, according to
this act, if such provisions be found on the premises
or in possession of the debtor; and if not, they shall
make out and return to such officer the value of such
provisions, and the same shall be allowed in any
property of the debtor.
Amend the title of the bill by striking out the word
" the" where it first occurs, and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " certain."
..Mr. HOWARD. I more that the bill and
the amendment be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH INTERVHJfTION IN MEXICO.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up the resolution, which I offered a few days
since in regard to Mexico, instructing the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to make some
inquiries and report upon the subject embraced
in the resolution to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
by Mr. Howard on the 4th instant, as follows:
■Retained, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire and report to the Sen-
ate the present relations between France and tho
republic of Mexico; the extent, both with rcspect
to population and territory, of the successes of Max-
imilian in his endeavors to overtlirow that repub-
lic ; the amount and character of his military force,
including his French auxiliaries; the action of the
executive branch of the Government of the United
States in reference to the intervention of France in
the affairs of Mexico, including any treaty or project
of treaty proposed, assented to, or recoramonded by
our minister to France with a view to a settlement
of the difficulties between France and Mexico; the
present prospect of the withdrawal of the French
troops from Mexican soil, and the probability in the
case of such withdrawal of Maximilian being able to
maintain his standing there; and that for the pur-
pose of such inquiries said committee be authorized
to send for persons and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is the motion to refer?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution which, has just been read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on Foreign Relations to
make these inquiries.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion now is to take
it up.
Mr: D-OOLITTLE. I withdraw the motion
to refer if it is not taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tt is not
necessary to withdraw it. The motion now
pending is that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution. It is not yet
before the Senate. The question is, will the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
consideration, though if it should be taken up
I shall move an amendment to it.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; let us take it
up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy the time of the Senate at
any length on the subject of this resolution,
and yet I think it due to the country and to
Congress that the resolution should pass.
There has been a state of war existing in
Mexico since 1862. 'It sprang into existence
in consequence of disagreeing parties in that
republic, and an attempt on the part of one
of these parties to overthrow the republican
government of Mexico as established by her
constitution and to establish another govern-
ment in its place. In this condition of things
the Emperor of the French saw fit to intervene
and to espouse the cause of one of the parties,
whose object was the overthrow of the repub-
lican: government long established there.
The pretext for this wanton, totally unau-
thorized, and unjustifiable intervention on the
part of the Emperor was the undoubted fact
that the Government of Mexico was indebted
in a considerable amount to certain French
subjects, and that the republic had not been
able to pay the amount of their claims. Osten-
sibly the cause of the war on the part of
France was the enforcement of this claim ; but
nobody can for a moment doubt that that in-
debtedness was but a hollow pretext for this
bloody and wanton war. Its object must be
looked far beyond that claim. The interven-
tion looked-to the complete subversion of the
republican government in Mexico and tho
establishment there of the imperial power of
France under a protectorate which the Em-
peror had seen fit to extend to Maximilian,
who, by his advice and connivance, was called
at the head of affairs in Mexico by what is
commonly known as the priest party.
The Government of the United States have
not thus far, as I understand it, made any very
strenuous efforts, either by diplomacy or other-
wise, to procure the withdrawal of the French
forces from Mexico. The war has been raging
for years, and has been prosecuted by the
French army with great bitterness, and in some
cases with great barbarity, if we are to credit
the rumors brought to us by the journals of the
country. I do not, however, propose to enter
into the character of the war. What I want to
know, and what I think the country desires to
know, is the present exact political and legal
posture of the republic in regard to the Gov-
ernment of the I) nited States and in regard to
the Government of France. The state of war
has interrupted our trade with Mexico ; it has
greatly involved our relations with the legiti-
mate Government of that republic ; and our
own interests, the interest of our commerce,
the interest of our own citizens, the interest of
mankind generally, require that it should be
brought to a speedy close. We are not in-
formed to what extent the imperial forces have
succeeded in subjugating thepeople of Mexico;
we do not know to-day how many towns or
cities they hold in their possession, or how im-
portant may be the conquests they have made ;
and I have Been waiting with great patience
and a feeling of great personal indulgence to
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations of this body for some report,
some statement by which I could learn the
exact posture of affairs there. I think the
same anxiety has filled the breast of more than
one Senator.
The country and the world have bo«n amused
for the last fifteen or eighteen months with
occasional rumors that the French army were
about to be withdrawn from Mexico, and that
consequently the usurper Maximilian would
retire again to his home, the people of Mexico
be left to enjoy their oyn sovereign right of
self-government in their own way, and peace
be thus restored. I am without faith in these
rumors. I wish to call the attention of Sen-
. ators, and especially of the Chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to a few facts
in this connection.
As long ago as the 10th of April, 1864, the
Emperor of the French entered into a solemn
convention with Maximilian in regard to the
amount of force the Emperor was to furnish to
him in his expedition to Mexico. I hold in
my hand a document, containing several of
the articles of that convention. They read as
follows. I desire the attention of Senators to
the convention, so that there shall be no mis-
apprehension in regard to the conventional
relations existing between the Emperor and
Maximilian, and no mistake as to how far the
Emperor is bound to continue his military
forces in Mexico. Articles one, two, and three
of this convention read as follows:
" Article 1. The French troops which are now in
Mcxico will be reduced as soon as possible to a corps
of 25.000 men, including the foreign legion.
"This corps, to protect the interests which have
caused the intervention, will remain temporarily in
Mexico, under the conditions arranged by the fol-
lowing articles:
"Article 2. The French troops will evacuate
Mexico according as his Majesty tho Emperor of
Mexico shall be able to organize the troops necessary
to rcplace them.
" Article 3. The foreign legion in the service of
France, composed of 8,000 men. will, nevertheless,
stilt remain for six yoars in Mexico after all the
forces shall have been recalled, conform ably to article
two. Dating from this moment, the said legion shall
pass into tho service and pay of the Mexican Govern-
ment. The Mexican Government reserves to itself
the faculty of shortening theduration of the employ-
ment of theforeign legion in Mexico."
It is plain from this that the continuance of
the French forces in Mexico depends entirely
upon the will and the interests of Maximilian
himself. The Emperor of the French stipu-
lates to furnish him with at least twenty-five
thousand French troops, and this force is to
remain in Mexico so long as he desires. At
all events, whatever disposition may be made
of a portion of this large force by Maximilian,
the Emperor is bound by his contract to per-
mit his foreign legion to remain in Mexico for
at least six years from the date of the conven-
tion. That would be until the 10th of April,
1870. Now, sir, I have yet to learn that this
convention has in any respect been altered or
modified by the consent of the two contracting
parties. I know that we have had many
rumors that the French troops were about to
depart. We had a story during the last sum-
mer, and we were told, if I remember rightly,
that the whole of the French forces would be
withdrawn by the 1st of November; but in-
stead of this rumor being verified by the facts
it turned out that France was increasing her
force in Mexico and sending additional regi-
ments to uphold the tottering throne of the
adventurer.
I will not pursue the subject but a step
further at this time; I 4° not deem it neces-
sary ; but I wish the learned chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations to give this
subject his most earnest attention, and to
inform us whether there be not some means
by which the friendly intervention of the Gov-
ernment of the United States may be speedily
used for the restoration of peace to Mexico
and independence to the republic.
Sir, we have been, according to my appre-
hension, on the very point of recognizing the
authority of Maximilian as Emperor of Mexico.
I call the attention of Senators to a very small
portion of the diplomatic correspondence which
has passed upon this subject. The French
version of our relations with France is best
stated in a paper in the Manorial Diplomatique,
published in Paris, under date of March 12,
1865. The document bears upon its face very
strong evidence of being official, or at least
semi-official. Allow me to read a passage or
two from it. The writer says:
"As soon as the note of the notables of Mexico,
conferring the crown upon the Archduke Ferdinand
Maximilian of Austria, had by the subsequent adhe-
sion of the ayuiUamientos obtained tho legal sanction
of the country, the French diplomacy^ made it its
duty to assure itself of the true dispositions of the
American Cabinet in regard to the new empire of
Mexico. President Lincoln and Mr. Seward, at
Washington, as well as Mr. Dayton, at Paris, did not
cease to assert the well-defined purpose of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to respect the results
of the free vote of tho Mcxican people."
Here comes the passage to which I desire
attention:
" They added"—
Who ? The President of the United States,
the Secretary of State of the United States,
and Mr. Dayton, our minister at Paris—
"that out of regard to France, whoso friendly sym-
pathies for the Union were confirmed by her scrupu-
lous neutrality in the war between the North and the
South, President Lincoln, in case of reelection, for-
mally promised to enter into diplomatic relations
with the Government of Maximilian I if ho was gen-
erally recognized by the other Powers of Europe and
America."
I believe he has been so recognized.
"The best-informed American journals agree in
stating that President Lincoln only awaited the date
of the renewal of liis functions on the 4th of March
to recognize officially tho new Mexican empire; and
this recognition positively decided upon and making
a part of the political programme of the Government
at Washing on, wiilno doubt establish without delay
between the two countries relations at perfect under-
standing and neighborliness.
" Never in its discussions has the Cabinetof Wash-
