1867.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ington allowed to transpire the slightest allusion to
the Monroe doctrine"—
And in this respect I believe the writer is
entirely correct—
" still less has it from this leading point made re-
serves implying any right whatever in the internal
affairs of Mexico. In effect the last attempt at con-
ciliation between the confederates and the Federals
have reveal jd to us that the initiative tending to
prop ap the Monroe doctrine does not belong to the
Uovcrnmeniof the North, but to that of the confed-
erates, wno, in a common undertaking based upon
this doctrine, saw ameans of bringing back the opin-
ion of the population of the South to ideas of con-
ciliation and Federal unity."
Now, sir, I wish, to know by a formal, sol-
emn report from one of the standing commit-
tees of this body, whether it be true in point of
fact that Mr. Lincoln or Mr. Seward or Mr.
Dayton or any other accredited organ of the
United States has ever proposed, directly or
indirectly, to recognize the authority of Maxi-
milian, Archduke of Austria, as the legitimate
or even de facto ruler or governor of the re-
public of Mexico or any portion thereof. I
•wish to know how far this intrigue has pro-
ceeded and who are parties to it. While I say
this, however, I am bound to say in truth that
our minister, Mr. Bigelow, in Paris has upon
more than one occasion intimated, in terms
•which could not be mistaken, his willingness,
nay, his anxiety to recognize the authority of
Maximilian as the Emperor of Mexico.
I beg to take one more step, sir. The paper
from which I have read was one of the inci-
sures contained in the dispatch of Mr. Bige-
low, the American minister at Paris, dated
March 4, 1865, numbered 55; and Senators
have seen what were the views then taken of
this subject by the French Government, if the
paper itself from which I read can be regarded
a proper exposition of those views. In the
inelosure from which I have read you will see
that there is a positive statement implicating
the American Secretary of State in the plan
to recognize Maximilian. There it was writ-
ten and printed in plain terms. On the 28th
of March, 1865, only a few days after that dis-
patch was sent by Mr. Bigelow to Mr. Seward,
the latter writes him the following dispatch, to
which I call the attention of the Senate :
Sib : Your dispatch of the 14th of March, No. 55—
Which contained the inelosure from-which I
have just read charging the President and the
Secretary of State of the United States and the
American minister at Paris with favoring a
recognition of the imperial government of
Maximilian in Mexico—
has been received, and I have read with much inter-
est the papers which accompany it—
That is, this paper which I have read—
and which illustrate the disquietude now prevailing
in Paris.
Fortunately, I have in my dispatch of 15th in-
stant, No. 71, explained to you the views and senti-
ments which our military and political situation sug-
gests. We want our national rights. We are not
booking for ulterior national advantages or aggran-
dizement, much less for occasions for retaliating in
other forms of hostility against foreign States. We
are not propagandists, although we are consistent in
our political convictions.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
John Bigelow, Esq., &c.
Making no allusion whatever to this distinct
allegation contained in the Memorial Diplo*
matique of a purpose on the part of our Gov-
ernment, including him by name, to recognize
the authority of Maximilian: omitting all no-
tice of it, passing it over in silence as if it were
a matter utterly unworthy of his notice.
Mr. SUMNEK. I should like to inquire of
my friend whether it is customary always or
expedient for the representatives of our Gov-
ernment to undertake to reply in so many
words to statements of anonymous writers in
journals however respectable? The Memorial
Diplomatique, as the Senator well knows, is
simply a journal conducted by eminent writers,
but I do not know that it can be entitled to a
different kind of consideration from that which
is bestowed upon other journals.
Mr. HOWARD. It is unnecessary for me
to answer the question put by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts specifically. It is
sufficient for me to say that the Secretary of
State in other cases has seen fit to take notice
of similar articles from publications sent him
as inclosures by our minister to Paris. Whether
it be usual among diplomats is another ques-
tion. This charge was a grave one, involving
the honor of'his Government, and well worthy
of his attention and solicitude. But, sir, the
Secretary says:
" Fortunately I have in my dispatch of 15th inst.,
No. 71, explained to you the views and sentiments
which oar military and political situation suggests."
I know not where to find this dispatch of the
15th of March, 1865, No. 71. The document
has not been, so far as I am aware, laid before
Congress, and has never yet seen the light. Con-
gress are, I believe, in ignorance at present of
the contents of that very important dispatch of
the 15th of March, in which the Secretary .of
State had "fortunately explained his views and
sentiments in regard to our military and politi-
cal situation." I may possibly be mistaken as
to the fact that this dispatch has never been
published. I have searched for it diligently,
however, and have thus far been unable to
detect it, although there was an express call
made upon the President as long ago as the
11th of December, 1866, requesting him "to
communicate to the Senate, if not incompati-
ble with the public interests, all correspon-
dence, not yet officially published, between
our Government and that of Prance, touching
the occupation, by French troops of the repub-
lic of Mexico and the establishment of a mon-
archy there." 1 ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Belations whether
he has ever seen that dispatch of the 15th of
March, 1865?
Mr. SUMMER. I do not recall it by its
date.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it seems
to me that there is an unnecessary mystery
hanging over the whole subject of our relations
with Mexico and her relations with France—a
mystery which ought to be solved. Our inter-
ests as a nation, as a sister republic, older by
birth and stronger in every way than Mexico,
require, it seems to me, a full and complete
narration of all the material facts involving
her in the present imbroglio with France. 1
hope the learned chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations will for a few days, or a
few hours at least, pretermit that attention
which he has been giving to other subjects,
very necessary and very praiseworthy to be
sure, and endeavor to enlighten the Senate and
the country upon the historical, diplomatic,
and political status of Mexico. I think the
people of the United States, as well as the
people of Mexico, will thank him for it.
One word further, sir. and I have done. We
have had various rumors of a settlement with
Mexico, and among these rumors was this: that
the United States were endeavoring to bring
about a peace by purchasing from Mexico, or
rather from Juarez'sgovernment. a large portion
of the republic, including Lower California and
Sonora, and, as a consideration, to pay to the
Government of the Emperor of the Freneh
some twenty-five or thirty million dollars in sat-
isfaction of its claims. Of course I do not know
how much foundation there may have been for
this newspaper rumor; but just here I beg to
be indulged in saying France has prosecuted
a war against that republic for four years and
more. She has thus far utterly failed of suc-
cess in her project of subjugating the people,
and utterly failed of obtaining the indemnity
for French citizens which was the pretext of
the war. The subject of the war was the claim
of France for indemnity for her citizens. Upon
that subject and for that end she has waged
this long, bloody, and wasteful war. She has
seized 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Sir. HOWARD. I shall be through in a
moment if the Senate will indulge me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the Senator from Michigan
will be allowed to proceed with hia remarks}
and the order of the day will be laid aside in-
formally. i
Mr. HOWARD. I assure the Senate I shall
occupy but a moment longer.
She has seized the ports of Mexico; she has
confiscated her revenues; she has drenched
her soil with blood; she has made it necessary
for the republican government of Mexico to
enter into obligations of indebtedness which
must hereafter weigh heavily and oppressively
to her people; and notwithstanding the gigan-
tic efforts made by the Emperor of the French
to convert Mexico into a French province, he
has failed; and if to-day, or if at any time,
France withdraws her troops from Mexico ana
abandons this war which she has thus cruelly
and unjustly waged, I hold it to be one of the
principles of the law of nations and the law of
war that the subject of the war, to wit, the in-
debtedness on account of which it was waged,
has become extinguished, and that France can
never hereafter resume the war on account of
the same subject-matter. She of her own
motion took out an execution against poor
Mexico to levy a debt. She resorted to the
last remedy of kings in the prosecution of the
debt. She has failed. Sir, the debt is dead
and extinguished. The subject of the war
passes into that oblivion and amnesty which
is always implied by a peace, whether the peace
be established by treaty or by the mutual ces-
sation of hostilities. And I say here in my
place that such a treaty on the part of the
United States as I have alluded to, a treaty by
which we should seize upon a large portion of
that republic and out of the avails of which
we should satisfy the French Government in
respect to the indemnities she has claimed,
would be an outrage upon the feelings of the
American people and a gross departure from
the plain principles of the law of nations.
I invite my friend's attention to this branch
<ff this subject. It is one of great importance.
Can the United States, by paying Franee this
debt which she has claimed, and thus recog-
nizing the justice of the war she has made
upon Mexico, stand up in the presence of the
other nations of the world and claim not to
have been dishonored?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan has opened a great question——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider the order of the day as laid aside
if no Senator calls for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be laid aside in-
formally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no
objection be made, that will be considered the
understanding of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall not object if it
is understood that the order of the day is to be
laid aside until this discussion is concluded. I
object if the purpose is simply that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
shall make his discussion and that conclude
the debate, I choose to participate in it my-
self if I have the opportunity. If the debate
is to be continued until its conclusion I shall
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I object to laying
aside the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the Chair considers it his dnty to
bring before the Senate the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. S UMNEB. With the permission of the
Senate, I would state that I propose to move
an amendment to the resolution of the Senator
from Michigan, and I had better give notice
of it now. It is to insert after the word
"Senate" the words "if in their opinion this
inquiry and report shall be deemed expedient-;"
so that it shall read, " the Committee on
Foreign Relations be instructed to inquire and
report to the Senate, if in their opinion this
inquiry and report shall be deemed expedient.''
By that amendment this resolution will be
brought to ascertain extent in harmony with
