1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
being to pay certain persons for services ren-
dered without any sanction of law, is in the
nature of a private claim, and cannot be ap-
pended to .an appropriation bill. The clause
of our rules to which I call attention is as
follows :
"And no amendmentshall bereceived whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stip-
ulation."
I submit that under that rule of the Senate,
the pending proposition being to pay for ser-
vices rendered without sanction of law, and on
that there is no question by the admission I
think of both sides, it cannot be moved on an
appropriation bill. I present that as a question
of order, and ask for the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the objection cannot be
sustained under the rules. The amendment
moved by the committee, in the opinion of the
Chair, is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that this is to carry out the provisions
of an existing law?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not specify the reason of its decision, think-
ing it not necessary. In the opinion of the
Cliair the amendment is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
all after the word "that" in the first line, and
inserting the following:
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed to report
to Congress as soon as may be the names of all per-
sons employed in assessing or collecting the revenue
from customs or from internal taxation, who did not,
before entering upon the duties of their appoint-
ments, tako and subscribe the oaths required by law,
together with the nature, place, and amount of ser-
vice rendered by each of such persons, and the sums
paid to or retained by such persons respectively on
account thereof, and the sums, if any, now claimed
by such persons for such services.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time upon it. I hope that the committee will
assent to it. I believe myself that there are
many of these persons who ought to be paid,
and I should be willing to pay them. I believe
there are some, from what I have heard, who
ought not to be. Now, I think if we could all
agree to get the precise information as to each
one of these claims individually we should
have no difficulty at the next session in doing
what is just. That is all I have to say.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I made
some remarks last night in relation to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury which seem to have
given offense to some of his particular friends,
and I wish to say a word in explanation
It is an old saying that it is the last straw
that breaks the camel's back, and yesterday I
had the last straw placed upon mine. Now,
sir, I gave the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] my views of the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury a year ago last December, in
a private conversation; and not only have I
had no occasion to change those views, but
they have been strengthened day by day from
that time until the present. Sir, in my own
city, the city of Detroit, where I live, we had
some most efficient revenue officers. We
had a most^ excellent assessor of internal
revenue. It is a district that pays $3,000,000
into the Treasury of internal revenue tax.
The Secretary of the Treasury removed this
most efficient officer, and appointed a man who
would not be trusted in that whole congres-
sional district for a suit of clothes; a man so
utterly unfit that no man of any party would
recommend him or recommend his confirma-
tion. True, the Senate rejected him; but he
was kepi in office month after month, after the
Secretary of the Treasury knew of his unfit-
ness; and after his rejection, the Secretary,
without consulting the delegation, appointed a
man no better.
I do not know how it may be in other States;
but, sir, so far as the internal revenue depart-
ment in the State of Michigan is concerned, the
appointees are recommended by men who are
utterly devoid of character, reputation, or po-
sition. The delegates from Michigan are not
consulted, nor are respectable men in the State
of Michigan consulted, as to who these ap-
pointees shall be. The Treasury is suffering
by millions and by tens of millions through
the inefficiency and the unfitness of these
appointees, known to be unfit by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I do not know how it may
be in other States; but, sir, this very man that
we rejected for his unfitness is to-day in the
city of Washington controlling the appoint-
ment of his successor and of the other Treasury
appointees in the State, and boasts that he
controls the Treasury appointments.
Well, sir, I heard another thing yesterday,
and I am perfectly willing to give my authority,
and that is, that a man by the name of Voor-
hees, generally known as Dan. Yoorhees, has
been a secret traveling agent of the Secretary
of the Treasury for months, traveling through
the rebel States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator has been
informed of that he has been informed of what
is not true.
Mr. CHANDLER. Hon. William A. How-
ard, late member of Congress from my district,
is my informant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not true. Mr.
Voorhees has had no official connection with
the Department at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very glad to hear it.«
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the
Senator, as I happen to know, exactly what
was Mr. Voorhees business in visiting Wash-
ington this winter. The western distilleries
feel an interest in the honest execution of the
revenue law. Some of them live in the State of
Indiana. They did distill very large amounts of
liquor, and rendered a fair and honest account
of it; but they could not compel# when liquor
was being sold at $1 60 a gallon in New Orleans,
and at almost the same price in New York.
Their trade was important in New Orleans.
There were such evasions of the law in some
way or other that they could not find a market
equal to the tax that they paid upon the
liquors that they distilled. Some of them
employed Mr. Voorhees as an attorney to rep-
resent that interest, and to visit Washington
iu relation to it. When Mr. Voorhees came
here to press upon the Secretary important
measures to secure an honest execution of the
revenue law to protect the distillers of Indiana,
he found it necessary to visit New Orleans to
prosecute an investigation, not under the Treas-
ury Department at all, but in the employment
of distillers in Indiana, who were interested in
having every man taxed who distilled any
liquor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very happy to be
corrected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I will ask the
Senator what was his authority for making his
statements ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave my authority,
Hon. William A. Howard.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What did he know
about it?
Mr. CHANDLER. That I cannot tell you.
Mr, SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Michigan will allow me to appeal to him not
to bring collateral matters into this debate. 1
will say to him that this miscellaneous appro-
priation bill will occupy some time yet — I
hope not more than an hour or two—and then
there are other appropriation bills and the tax
bill to be taken up ; and it is absolutely neces-
sary that we should sit probably twelve hours
to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I recognize the im-
portance of time at present. I have said all I
care to say. I will drop the matter there. I
care nothing about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we may have a
vote and take the sense of the Senate on this
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that that amend-
ment will not bo adopted. This whole subject
was discussed at the last session ; much time
was consumed; and now very much precious
time has been consumed in the discussion of
this question. Every Senator, I presume, is
prepared to decide at this time as to whether
these persons ought or ought not to be paid.
This amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont only protracts the controversy, ex-
tends the discussion, and will lead to the con-
sumption of more time. I hope that the Sen-
ate will now dispose of this question, either
vote for the report of the committee or against
it, and make a final determination of this
matter. ■
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said before, I am
in favor of paying every one of these persons
who, on examination, shall turn out to be
justly entitled, independent of the technical
considerations, to compensation; but I cannot
vote for the section as it is reported by the
committee. It treats these persons as lawful
officers. It styles them "assistant assessors."
It does not put any period, as the bill that was
under discussion last year did, to their being
mustered out of service, if we are to use such
an expression; and it has various other infor-
malities which I think will set a bad examplo
for such a manifest violation of law as this
was, although I concur with the committee in
believing that it was violated with good inten-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Now, I do not want to go into debate
about this at all. I simply want to say in jus-
tification of myself that while I believe that
some, many, and possibly all, of these persons,
when we see what their claims are, ought to be
paid, I cannot vote for it in the form in which
it is offered; and with that view I desire to
get this information. If the Senate prefer the
section as it stands I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. These men have faithfully
discharged their duty. They have collected
about four millions of internal tax, and we have
received the amount. They have collected
about eleven millions of cotton tax, and we
have received the amount. Without their aid
that amount would not have been received, and
the question is whether we shall not pay them
the value of that service.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to obviate the
point made by the Senator from Vermont, and
to make this amendment, if possible, satisfac-
tory to him, I move to strike out the words
"assistant assessors" and insert the word
"persons;" and after the word "employed"
to insert "as assistant assessors," so as to
read, "That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to such persons as
were actually employed as assistant assessors,"
&c. That will avoid all implication that they
were legal officers.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the Senator from Ohio whether the same per-
sons are still employed in the collection of the
revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand not. At any
rate, the amendment provides that they shall
not be paid after the 1st of August of last year.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are not now em-
ployed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cor-
rection of the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Ohio will be made if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I rise
again to a question of order under the rules
ot the Senate. I say we have arrived at this
point in this discussion: it is proposed to pay
certain persons who, it is admitted, held no
legal office under the Constitution or laws, who
were not bound by the oaths required by act
of Congress, and who were therefore essen-
tially private individuals, for certain alleged ser-
vices ; and that is proposed by way of amend-
ment to an appropriation bill. That is the
very case which is contemplated by the rules
of the Senate when they distinctly declare lhat
no appropriation for such services shall find a
place on an appropriation bill.
