1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by in-
serting after "$500" the words "aud shall be
imprisoned imtil such fine is paid not exceed-
ing one yearalso by striking out the words
immediately following, "and if "said person,"
and inserting in lieu of the same the words
"provided he;" also by striking out the words
at the close of the paragraph, "he shall be
further liable to imprisonment for a term not
less than sixty days and not exceeding two
years;" so that the paragraph, as amended,
will read as follows:
That any person who shall oxerciso or carry on any
trade, business, or profession, or do any act herein-
after mentioned, for the exorcising, carrying on, or
doing of which a special tax is imposed by law, with-
out payment thereof, as in that behalf required, shall,
for every such offense, besides being liable to the
payment of the tax, bo subject to a line of not less
than ten nor more than $500, and shall bo imprisoned
until such fine is paid, provided he shall be a manu-
facturer of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or a distiller or
a rectifier, or a wholesale or retail dealer in liquor.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. It is a very extraordinary legislation,
such I am sure as never was sought to be put
in any law-book in this country. For a mere
omission or oversight, accidentally made, with
no intention to evade the law, a citizen of the
United States is to be imprisoned, without any
discretion on the part of the court that tries
him, by an inflexible law which admits of no
moderation. If anything like that can be
pointed to in the legislation of any State in
this country I would like the gentleman from
New York to show it. In my judgment it is a
most cruel and unwise proposition.
Mr. DARLING. The party can escape
imprisonment by payment of the fine.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 1101, had come to no resolution thereon.
war debts of the loyal states.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the vote by which House^bill No. 998, in regard
to the war debts of the loyal States, was recom-
mitted to the committee, on which the gentle-
roan from Maine^ [Mr. Blaike] is entitled to
the floor, he having called up the motion at
the adjournment of the House this afternoon.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
Cat ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
Bv Mr. CONKLING: The petition of merchants
of New york, praying that goods, wares, and mer-
chandise shall only pay duty on amount withdrawn;
and that, ten, coffee, sugar, spices, and the raw pro-
duce of the East Indies shall not pay the ten per cent,
additional dutv if they remain oneycar in bond.
By Mr. COBB: The remonstrance of citizens 01
Potosi, Grant county, Wisconsin, against all tinker-
ing with the currency., . . . , .
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition signed by a lareo
number of citizens of McLean county, Illinois, ask-
ing Congress to repeal the law authorizing the with-
drawal of the national legal tenders from oircula-
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of F. B. Wilcox, L.
G. Mason, T. J. Rand, J. N. Hackley, and 50 other*.,
citizens of Muskegon, Michigan, protesting against
an v material curtailment of the currency.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of S. H. Sherman
and-16 others, citizens of Watertown, Jeiferson county,
York, adverse to the withdrawal ot national
bank currency from circulation.
Also, the petition of Isaac H. Fisk and 40 others,
citizens of Watertown, Jefferson county, New York,
against withdrawal of national bank currency irorn
01AUoftho'petition of V. S. Kenyon and 12 others,
citizens of Newport, Herkimer county, New York,
adverse to withdrawal of national bank currency
frBy Mr?WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Henry Cook and 25 others, citizens of South
Danvcrs, Massachusetts, against the passago of tho
Randall bank bill.
Also, tho petition of Francis Bolter and 31 others,
citizens of South Danvcrs, for the same purpose.
Also, tho petition of Charles II. Fabens and 50
others, citizens of Salem, Massachusetts, for thesame
•purpose.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 18, 18G7.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
credentials.
Mr. DIXON presented the credentials of
Hon. Orris S. terry, chosen by tho Legisla-
ture of Connecticut a Senator from that State
for the term of six years, commencing March
4, 1807; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented a telegraphic dispatch
addressed to tho President pro tempore of tho
Senate, communicating resolutions adopted at
a meeting of citizens of Arrapaho county, in
the Territory of Colorado, in favor of tho
admission of that Territory into the Union as
a State; which was ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of a grant of lands to that State for the
benefit of the Freedmen's University; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of loyal
citizens of Arkansas now in the city of Wash-
ington, praying that the bill (H. 11. No. 1102)
for the reestablishment of civil government in
the State of Louisiana pending in the Senate
may be so amended as to make its provisions
applicable to the State of Arkansas; which
was referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to present a
letter of James E. Yeatman, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, in reference to the poverty, destitution,
and suffering of the southern people. It is a
letter addressed to me, though it might prop-
erly have been put in the shape of a petition
or memorial to Congress. Mr. Yeatman is a
gentleman well known, lie was in the south-
ern States during a large part of tho time that
elapsed from the fall of Memphis to the close
of the war, and is well acquainted with the
subjects he writes about. As this letter con-
tains a good deal of information that may be
of importance to the Senate, I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Illinois, remonstrating against^ any
curtailment'of the national currency with a
view of a return to specie payments within a
limited time, and against the passage of any
act requiring the national banks to redeem
their circulation in New York, or prohibiting
them from paying or receiving interest on bank
balances; which was referred to the Commit-
on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, in favor of a conveyance by the com-
missioners of the land office in that State,
and the commissioners of the sinking fund of
that city, to the United States of a portion of
what is known as the battery extension, and
recommending an appropriation by Congress
to complete the improvements and buildings
upon the land so conveyed; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of
seamen, firemen, coal-passers, and marines
who served in the Navy during the rebellion,
praying to be allowed a bounty of $8 33£ per
month during their term of service; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. ...... „
He also presented a memorial of citizens ot
Northampton county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any curtailment of the national
currency with tho view of a return to specie
payments within a limited tinie, and against
the passage of any act requiring the national
banks to redeem their eireulatiou'iu New York,
or prohibiting them from paying or 'receiving
interest on bank balances; which was referred
to "the Committee on Finance.
mess ao is it 110 m the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Cleric, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
11(32) for the reSstablishment of civil govern-
ment in the State of Louisiana, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Tlio message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. 11. No. 2i7) for the relief of James
Keenati ; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
reconstruction oe louisiana.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all other
business and procced to the consideration of
tho bill just received from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the reorganization of the_ State
of Louisiana, and I hope we shall take it up;
it is among tho most important business that
wo havo or can have beforo us, in my judg-
ment, at this session, and it should supersede
for the present all other business until it is
passed. I hope wo shall proceed to consider
it. I will take occasion to say now that there
is so small a part of the session left and such
an immense press of business that I hope wo
shall all—and I promise to do so myself as
much as I urge it upon others—be as brief in
our arguments as possible, forwe shall not get
through the business pressing upon us unless
we study brevity. We have already established
our names for being good talkers. Now, sir,
I want it established through the country that
we are energetic for action as well as for any-
thing else. I hope wo shall take up this bill
and pass it. I make that motion.
Mr. LANE. I hope this bill will not be
taken up, at least until the morning business is
through. 1 wish to present some reports from
my committee to have them printed so as to
havo them ready for action to-morrow night.
I hope there will be no motion to postpone the
regular business until tho morning business is
through.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to inquire what
is the precise order of business at this moment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the question. By the rules of the
Senate it is the duty of the Presiding Officer,
after the Senate comes to order, to call for
petitions and memorials, then for reports from
committees, then for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions, then for resolutions.
That is the order by the rules of the Senate
for the morning. The Chair has very fre-
quently pursued that course when Senators
have risen to make a motion to take up some
other business, but is, of course, aware (or at
least thinks that to be the correct rule) that if
any Senator persists in a motion to postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the considera-
tion of any particular bill, it is the duty of tho
Chair to entertain the motion ; and governed
by that rule if at this time a motion is made
to postpone the present and all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
named by the Senator from Ohio, the Chair
will entertain the motion and put it to the
Senate; otherwise he will proceed with the
morning business under the rules of the Sen-
ate, as is the duty of the Chair. If the Senator
from Ohio makes this motion the Chair will
entertain it.
Mr. WADE. I make the motion. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wait till one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ We wish to get through
with the morning business. . .
Mr. WADE. I feel myself that this is the
most important business, as I said before, that
wc cq.u have j sinti if* it sliouid be put under
