1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I ray we have arrived at such a stage of the
debate that we all see that no Senator on this
floor now insists that this service was rendered
under any existing law or under any treaty
stipulation. It was rendered, then, in defiance
of law. By admission here, these parties did
not qualify themselves under the laws of the
United States. They were in no respect legal
officers. It is so admitted. Because they were
not legal officers you are pbliged to come for- j
ward with some propositi an for their payment, i
In the argument it has been insisted that the 1
service was rendered, and that therefore the
Government is in equity bound to pay them.
Very well, if it be so let them take the fortunes
of other claimants on the Government, and let
their case be dealt with by a special bill; do
not crowd it into an appropriation act. You
cannot do it, I submit, except by violating a
rule of the Senate ; and now I call particular
attention to that rule. The first part is as fol-
lows :
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions ahull be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or Resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select commit-
teeof the Senate, orin pursuanceof an estimatcfrom
the head of some of the Departments."
That part of the rule is not applicable to this
case. The amendment is moved by one of the
standing committees of this body. In that
respect, therefore, the requirements of the rule
is satisfied. I mention this in order to set aside
that part of the rule; and now I come to the
next clause, which is applicable. It is as fol-
lows:
"And no amendment"—
The language is broad—
"no amendment shall be received whose object is to
provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipu-
lation."
Now, I say this amendment is to provide for
a private claim. It is such by the admission
of this whole debate. There is no Senator
that I am aware of who has ever argued that
there is now any legal liability on the part of
the Government. All that has been said by
those who are most earnest for the proposition
is that the .service has been rendered, and
that the Government is equitably responsible
to compensate the service. That is all. It is
therefore, I say, essentially a private claim. It
then should share the fortunes of the private
claims; it must not be tacked to an appropria-
tion bill, and in that way enjoy adventitious
support. Let it be brought in by a special
bill, and amply considered, with proper pro-
visions for its payment.
I ask the ruling of the Chair on the question
of order that I raise; and I raise it now be-
cause since the amendment which has been
made to the amendment all doubt on the ques-
tion seems to be removed, could there have
been any doubt; and that the Chair decided as
he did of course satisfies me that there was
doubt. Could there have been doubt before,
I submit that that doubt is removed now by
the amendment which drops the official desig-
nation of these persons and calls them simply
"persons." I submit the point of order for
the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels no difficulty in deciding, as before, that
this amendment is in order. The change made
in the amendment does not, in the opinion of
the Chair, vary the question as it was before
presented.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I must take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this is not a private
claim I do not know what it is. If it is a
private claim, it cannot be offered to an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not offered ; it is re-
ported by a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot be reported by
a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rule does not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, the rule does say
that. The rule is distinct, "no amendment
shall be received," no matter who offers it,
"whose object is to provide for a private
claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Amendments may be received from a commit-
tee increasing appropriations ; but a commit-
tee cannot report or cannot offer an amend-
ment to pay a private claim on any general
appropriation bill. The rule is not that no
amendment proposing a private claim shall be
offered; but the language is express that it
shall not be received. The first part of the
rule reads:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law orsomoaet orresolution previously
passed by tho Senate during that session, ormovedby
direction of a standing or select committee of the
Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from the head
of some of the Departments."
There is the end of that branch. Now comes
the other clause:
"And no amendment shall be received whose ob-
ject is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
It will not be pretended that there is any
treaty stipulation to be carried out by this
amendment; it will not be pretended that
"there is any existing law carried out by it;
and if it is not a private claim, to pay per-
sons for services rendered to the Govern-
ment when there was no law for it, what is
it ? There has been a claim before the Gov-
ernment here for work done upon the Patent
Office. Will the Senator from Ohio say, and
with all due deference to the President of the
Senate, will the President of the Senate say,
that the chaifcian of the Committee on Claims
has a right to propose an amendment to pay
the workmen on the Patent Office for services
done? Can any committee propose such an
amendment?
It seems to me that this is purely a private
claim; and if it is a private claim, then the
rule is positive, if the three last lines of the
rule have any meaning, that under no circum-
stances shall a private claim be received un-
less there is a law for it or a treaty stipulation
providing for it. There is no law for this;
there ^ no treaty for it. The fact that a com-
mittee recommends it does not alter the case.
Now, is it a private claim? It seems to me
that it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It seems to me to be
equally clear (as it does to my friend from
Illinois that this is a private claim) that the
decision of the Chair is correct, nevertheless.
The language of that part of the rule is that
"no amendment shall be received whose ob-
ject is to provide for a private claim." How
does this amendment get before us? Is the
question on the reception of this amendment
or on agreeing to it when it comes before us
with the bill? If the bill is before us from
this committee, then the amendment is before
us as part of the bill, and the question sub-
stantially is whether it shall stand. Therefore
it is not in violation of the rule; and I believe
such has been the practice all the time, for a
committee to report any amendment to a bill,
no matter what, if they report it with the bill
and as a part of the final proposition which
they submit to the Senate. When the amend-
ment comes in with the bill it is then received
and it is before the body, and we must vote
yea or nay upon it. The question seems to
my mind to be perfectly clear.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to reply to
this last suggestion. This is an amendment
that is to be acted upon as an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes," acted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just the same as any
other; and now when we corne to it, the ques-
tion is, is the amendment in order? Do I
understand the Senator from Vermont to say
that it would be competent for the committee
having charge of a general appropriation bill
to put to it any private claims it pleased?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say so. '•
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the rule amounts
to nothing. If that committee can do it, any
other committee can do it. The fact that they
ask the amendment to be made when they re-
port back the bill does not make it any more
binding than if they proposed it afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That depends on the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the rule.
And then, let me answer the Senator further,
this amendment has been changed; the Sen-
ator from Ohio in the Senate has changed the
amendment. Now, suppose you strike out one
of the sections of this bill that is clearly for a
public purpose and clearly proper at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Ohio; suppose
you amend the clause, "for compensation of
laborer to take charge of the heating apparatus
of the Library of Congress, $600," by adding
to it " and to pay said laborer for services last
year, $400;" suppose the chairman of the
Committee on Finance moves that amendment
in the Senate, can I not object to it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely you can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
has moved to amend this proposition in the
Senate. It is not what the committee reported.
That is one answer, and the other answer, it
seems to me, is also a good one.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate on this question, but I
entertain no doubt that this comes within the
prohibition of the rule. The language of the
rule is very plain, expressed in the most gen-
eral terms, that "no amendment shall be re-
ceived whose object is to provide for a private
claim." This is confessedly a private claim.
No one can doubt it. The rule prohibits any
amendment providing for its payment to be
received in the Senate. It is a rule of the
Senate that we will not receive any such
amendment, come from whatever source it
may.
Now, sir, the Senator from Vermont says
that we have already received it because we
have received the bill with this amendment
from the Committee on Finance. Is it in the
power of the committee to overrule one of the
standing orders of the Senate? Can it be said
with any consistency and correctness that be-
cause a committee of the Senate have seen fit
to tack on upon a bill that they report back to
the Senate an amendment for the payment of
a private claim, we have already received this
amendment and agreed to act upon it? If so,
then the Senate itself is no longer the master
of its own rules and actions ; but that is en-
tirely referred to the committee, and they can
alter and change the rules of the Senate as
they may see fit in their committee-room, and
it is out of the power of the Senate to correct
their action, because it is not in order when a
committee comes in the Senate and makes a
report to.refuse to receive the report, at least
it is contrary to our uniform action, and we, not
knowing what the amendment is when it is
offered by the committee, receive the bill with
the amendment as a matter of course without
question and without knowing anything of the
character of the amendment. That is a mere
technical, formal reception of the amendment
for the purpose of reading the bill, and nothing
else. On reading the bill, how ver, we dis-
cover that the committee have violated one of
the standing rules of the Senate in recommend-
ing an amendment for the payment of a private
claim. That is the moment to take advantage
of the objection that it is out of order, and that
moment is seized upon by my friend from Mas-
sachusetts. It seems to me that if we yield
this point, we authorize any standing commit-
tee of the Senate or any special committee to
bring in, in the form of amendments, a string
of acts for the payment of innumerable private
claims, and therefore divest ourselves of the
power of guarding ourselves against what may
be in some cases direct imposition upon us. I
can entertain no doubt that this amendment is
out of order.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that this ques-
tion of order turns upon the fact whether ot
