1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the eastern district of Michigan, praying
for an increase of compensation to jurors
serving in the United States courts, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 430) to regulate
the civil service of the United States and pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment : which was agreed to.
- Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Finance, -to whom was referred the memo-
rial of "William H. Harmon, praying to be
relieved from the payment of certain taxes,
reported a bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of
William H. Harmon; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Jane Newall, praying compensation for the
loss of asteamboat, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee onlhe
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 589) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the National Theolog-
ical Institute," and to define and extend the
powers of the same, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 570) extending the
time for the completion of certain street rail-
ways. reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported
them severally without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 569) to authorize the forma-
tion of corporations for manufacturing, mining,
mechanical, or chemical purposes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 25S) to punish for the
removal of dead bodies from the grave or other
place of interment in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 356) fixing the compen-
sation for the bailiffs and the criers of the courts
of the District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 431) for the punishment
of certain crimes therein named in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the petition of Logan Hunton, of Missouri,
praying extra compensation for services in
connection with the prosecution of certain vio-
lations of the neutrality laws, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims ;
which was agreed to. '
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred sundry
memorials of the citizens ofLittleRock, Arkan-
sas, remonstrating against any legislation to
remedy any defect in tax sales at that place in
May, 1865, for non-payment of the United
States direct tax, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 268)
to pay Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for mui-
tary services, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the bill (IT. R.
No. 1090) providing for the election of a Oon-
" gressional Printer, reported it with amend-
ments, and gave notice that he would call it
up to-morrow.
COMPENSATION TO VERMONT SENATORS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate have instructed me to report back, with
an amendment, a resolution providing tor the
payment to Senator Collamer's widow ot the
amount of compensation due him at the time
of his death; and I ask for the present con-
sideration of th<5 resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Tlesnlved That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
W ifCreby directed to pay out of the contingent
fund of tho Senate to Mrs. Mary N. CoUamer, widow
of Hon. Jnoob Collamer, deceased, late a Senator
from the State of Vermont, the amount of com-
pensation due the deceased at the time of his death,
according to the act of the last session increasing the
compensation of members of Congress.
The amendment of the committee -was to
strike out the words "contingent fand of the
Senate," and in lieu thereof to insert "fund
for compensation and mileage."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I of course have no
objection to Mrs. Collamer receiving every
thing she Is entitled to receive; but I rise to
inquire whether or not the late Mr. Collamer
was at any time a member of the present Con-
gress? If so, I think his widow would be en-
titled to receive the increased compensation
given to members of the present Congress up
to the time of his death.
Mr. CRESWELL. He was here at the
called session.
Mr. POLAND. He was a member of the
present Congress, and died in November, 1805.
We consider the present Congress as commen-
cing on the 4th of March, 1805.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply say that I
referred to the pay clerk of the Senate, who
made the computation from the time that the
law went into effect up to the time that Mr.
Collamer died.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law took effect
from the beginning of the Congress, and lie
was a member of the Congress ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was all I wished to
be certain of.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a similar resolution
in favor of Mrs. Foot, have directed me to report
it back with an amendment, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate bo,
and is hereby, directed to pay out of the contingent
fund of tho Senate to Mrs. Mary Foot, widow of Uon.
Solomon Foot, deceased, late a Senator irom the
State of Vermont, the amount due the deceased at
the time of his death for compensation, according to
the act of thelastsession increasing tho compensation
of members of Congross.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out "contingent fund of the Senate"
and insert "fund for compensation and
mileage."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the reso-
lution ; but it occurs to me that the Senate
have no right to order money to be paid out
of the fund designated.^ I think that can only
be done by an act of Congress. We have
control over our contingent fund, and I thjnk
the ordinary form of resolutions of this kind
is to direct the payment of the money out
of the contingent fund. I merely make this
suggestion to tho Senator from Oregon in order
that he may consider the point.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not particularly
advised upon the subject. I referred to the
pay clerk of the Senate about this matter, and
he advised me that the amendment of the
resolution ought to be made so as to pay the
money out of the compensation and mileage
fund, and not out of the contingent fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have several times
made the point on the House of Representa-
tives that they had no^ right to pay their em-
ployes extra compensation without the consent
of the Senate. They attempted to do it, and
the Senate refused to allow it. I submit the
point as a question of law; neither House can
direct money to be paid out of tho Treasury
except in pursuance of law.
Mr. AVILLIAMS. I am not quite clear that
the suggestion made by the Senator from Ohio
is correct. The law appropriates a certain
amount of money for the compensation and
mileage of Senators, and it seems to me it is
proper for the Senate to say how that money
shall be distributed among Senators. -The res-
olution does not add anything to the appro-
priation, but simply directs how the money snail
be paid out of the appropriation which has
been already paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am nof very clear
about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be any question
about it I .will let the resolution lie over until
to-morrow, and an the mean time look at the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over.
Mr. WILLIAMS subsequently said: I move
now to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution in regard to Mrs. Foot. _ Senators
 Te satisfied that the resolution is in proper
form. It simply designates the person who
shall receive a certain amount of money due
out of the compensation and mileage fund
already appropriated.
The resolution was passed.
IjAROENY of government property.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 004. It is one
of general importance, but will nottake a min-
ute. I have postponed calling it up for some
time at the request of one of the members of
the Judiciary Committee of the House; but it
is desirable to have the bill disposed of now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (IT.
R. No. 004) to define and punish certain crimes
therein named was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. Tho Committee on the Ju-
diciary proposed to amend the bill by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting
as a substitute:
That if any person shall rob another, lawfully in
the custody thereof, of any kind or description 6f
personal property belonging to the United States, or
shall foloniously tako and carry away tho same, the
norson so offondins shall, on conviction, be punishod
by fine not exceeding $5,000, or by imprisonment at
hard labor not loss than ono nor more than ten years,
or by both, at tho discretion of tbe court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill be read a third time. Tho bill was
read tho third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 599) relinquishing the claim of tho United
States to certain real estate in Washington city
of which Caroline Hill died seized; which was
road twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 000) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
city of Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, to
the boundary lino between the United States
and Mexico, in the direction of the city of
Guaymas, on the Gulf of California.; which
was r ead twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
BILL BBCOMJIITTED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the bill (S. No.
501) amendatory of an act to provide a tern-
porary government for the Territory of Mon-
tana; approved May 2G, 1804, was recommitted
to the Committee on Territories.
RECONSIDERATION OP A VOTE.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to enter a motion
to rcconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
Ii. No. 811) for tho relief of certain drafted
men was indefinitely postponed.
The PPRESIDENT pro iernx>ore
will be entered.
SURVEY OI? UPPER MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution : which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved. That five thousand copies of the report
of M'iior General O. K. Warren of tho survey ot the
Upper Mississippi river, bo printed for tho use of the
Senate.
• pufsi/jnmcu.
L1 pro tempore. The motion
