1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
CONSULAR FJEJ3S, ETC,
Mr. FOGG submitted the following' resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Reaolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the several
amounts of money reported as reoeived for fees by
the several American consuls general, consuls, con-
sular and commercial agents, and all other agents
of the Treasury Department m Europe during each
of the four years preceding June 30, 3866: also the
several amounts of money forsalaries, compensation,
and expenses of every description required to main-
tain such officers and agents during the four years
above named.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting, in response to
a resolution of February 6, copies of corre-
spondence on the subject of grants to American
citizens for railroad and telegraph lines across
the territory of the republic of Mexico ; which
was ordered to be printed, and lie on the table.
PAINTING FOR SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. STEWART. I beg leave to offer the
following resolution, and to ask for its present
'consideration:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Library bo
instructed to inuuire into tho expediency of contract-
ing with Frank Buekser fortwo or more paintings lor
tho panols of tho Senate Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the consideration of the resolu-
tion, it must lie over under the rules.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL TENNBSSEEANS.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War bo directed
to report to the Senate by whoso authority tho mili-
tary commission was established in Nashville. Ten-
nessee, during tho war, for thoadjudication of claims
ot loyal citizens of Tennessee for property taken for
tho u.<o of tho Army, together with tho names of tho
commissioners and claimants, and tho amount of tho
several claims adjudicated.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the .Speaker of the llouse had signed the
enrolled bill (II. It. No. 810) for the relief of
the sureties of .James T. Pollock, late receiver
at Ciuwfordsville, Indiana, and the enrolled
bill (II. li. No. 813) for the relief of Iiufus C.
Spalding, paymaster in the United States Navy;
and they wore signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
CUSTOMS LAWS.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 251.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CRESWELL. This resolution is a mere
formal matter, which will not take a minute.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to know what in
the opinion of tho Chair is the regular order
of business at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
a matter of opinion, because the rules specify
that the unfinished business of the preceding
day feha.ll be the business in order at the ex-
piration of the morning hour. Sometimes,
however, when at that time business is pressing,
resolutions and other matters of that kind, the
Chair neglects to call up the spccial order pre-
cisely at the moment. ^ The Chair has been
derelict upon this occasion, inasmuch as now
it is a lew minutes past one o'clock. The un-
finished business of yesterday is now regularly
in order,^being House bill No. 452.
-Mi. CIJ'.SWLLL. I hope the Senator from
Iowa and the Senate will consent to have the
joint resolution to which I have called atten-
tion disposed of. It will not take a minute I
am sure. It is only to extend a commission
which is about to expire.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall not object, with the
understanding that it shall not displace the
special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Chair will entertain the
motion of the Senator from Maryland, laying
aside the special order informally for that
purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 251) to extend the time
for codifying the laws relating to customs,
authorized by the joint resolution approved
July 26, 1866, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposed to continue in force
the provisions of the joint resolution to pro-
vide for codifying the laws relating to customs,
approved July 26, 1866, for a period of three
months after the expiration of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the resolution by striking out in lines
six and seven the words "for a period of three
months after tho expiration of the present ses-
sion of Congress" and in lieu of them to insert
"until the 1st day of January, 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The special order is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, being
the bill (H. R. No. 452) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Nuvy to accept League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose of tho site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia. The Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] is entitled to
tho floor.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, at the time
of the recess yesterday I was commenting upon
one of the two propositions upon which I rested
my opposition to this bill, the very great ex-
pense necessary to prepare this locality for the
purpose contemplated, and in connection with
that was remarking upon the estimate made by
the Senatorfrom Indiana, reading from a letter
of the late Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
That computed the expense of the necessary
filling ot this island at some nine hundred
thousand or one million dollars. I was re-
marking that in my opinion that was altogether
an inadequate amount for the purpose, and
especially if the island be as large as its friends
claim, to wit, some six hundred acres of land.
The larger the island the worse in this point
of view; for we have to create the island, that
is, we have to create it so far as any neces-
sary purpose can be accomplished upon it by
putting up structures and making it available
as a naval station. The expense of filling an
island of six hundred acres even less than three
feet over its whole surface would be much
more than the amount estimated by the Senator
from Indiana. But the depth of the filling
named, something less than three feet, is very
much less than the amount of the filling which
will be necessary; and to show that 1 do not
speak without authority on this subject I refer
to the report of the board of officers appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy in the year 1862
to make an examination of this and other sites.
In their report, on the 5th page, they say:
"League Island is areclaimed marsh, surrounded by
a dry stone wall and embankment of earth, raised to
exclude the river. A portion of the island was re-
claimed many years since, and is known as the old
meadow; we havo no positive information on this
point, but presume that at the time the wall and
embankment was built all the land worth reclaim-
mg_was embraced within the in closure; subsequently
and about eighteen years since, as we are informed,
the mclosure was extended so as to embraeean addi-
tional area, now known as the new meadow. Accord-
ing to a plan which has been submitted to the board
by a committee from tho Board of Trade, this old
meadow contains two hundred and nineteen acres,
the new meadow one hundred and fifty-five acres.
On the north of the island, and between it and the
mam, there is a channel which, we are told, was of
suincient depth in former days to float large ships-of-
war; now it is a narrow and shallow channel, not
sufficient to float vessels of any size used by the Navy.
•Large areas of marshes have formed on the east and
west ends and on the north side of the island, and
the whole appearance indicates a constant and rapid
accumulation from the immense deposits of the Bel-
aware river. To raise the surface of this island to a
height which would render it safe from the encroach-
ment of high tides will require a filling of from nine
to ten feet over the whole area; and if. as has been
suggested, a line of wharf front be carried out to the
twenty-three feet line, it will involve an additional
filling of a space one mile long and averaging four
hundred and eighty-one feet wide and nineteen feet
deep. Jf this space is not filled, then the constant
use of dredging machines will be required to main-
tain a sufficient depth of water to accommodate the
vessels of the Navy. To furnish the materials for
this immense filling, which will amount in the aggre-
gate to several- million cubic yards, it is said that
an abundant supply can be had from Red, Bank, on
the opposite side of the river and from tne gravel
banks near the gas-works. There is probably an
abundance of good material on the shores of New
Jersey, butitmustbepurchasedfrom the proprietors
and transported across the river—a process which, in
the opinion of the board, will involve an expenditure
of at least one million dollars. Other sources of sup-
ply have been suggested, such as ashes from the city,
cinders, ashes, slag, &c., from the furnaces, but we
regard these sources as uncertain and the quantity
limited, considering the immense quantity required
to accomplish the object. The board is of the opin-
ion that upon this point the advantages are vastly
in favor of New London."
If we make any reasonable estimate, of the
cost of the filling of that island if it be six
hundred acres, (1 say so much the worse for
the Government and so much worse for the
island,) nine or ten feet over the whole sur-
face, the amount of expenditure is a startling
sum.
On this same subject the committee of the
House of Representatives,-who went upon the
ground and made a personal examination of
this locality, also spealL They say on the
6th page of their report, made 12th May,
186-1:
44 League Island is situated at the confluence of the
Schuylkill and Delaware rivers, a few miles from the
settled portion of thecity of Philadelphia, and about
one hundred miles from the ocean. It is at present
surrounded by a stone wall, backed by an embank-
ment of earth some ten or twelve feet high, which
servos to exclude the waters of tho river. The whole
surface of tho island is from three to four foot below
the surface of the river at ordinary high water, and
but for the wall referred to would bo under water at
each recurring tide."
This is only an island in the absence of a
tide; the rest of the time it in river.
"Topography,—The soil is of thecharactergenerally
found in the bottom lands of alluvial rivers; soft
and spongy upon the surface, and gradually passing
through vai ious formations until astratum of sand and
gravel is reached. The borings of tho 'commission'
show a solid bed to be reached at an average depth
ot thirty-seven feet, lying on theoldisland atadepth
of from twenty-five to thirty feet and on the new
the depth ot fiity-six feet. A recent examination by
a gentleman connected with theCoastSurveyreports
results somewhat differing from the borings of the
commission. But the committee cannot avoid the
conclusion that the entire surface of the island, or so
much as may bo deemed necessary for naval pur-
poses, must be filled and piled before it can safely
receive such heavy structures as would be necessary
for a first-class naval establishment. And in this
conclusion they are confirmed by the testimony before
them that the embankment and structures of the
railroad in the vicinity upon the main land have
settled from year to year, and required constant
repaiung; and from the fact that the foundations of
l<ort Delaware, upon an island not flowed by the tide,
and though resting upon piles, settled in a few years
to such an extent as to render its lower tiers of port-
holes useless.
" The filling alone would involve an immense out-
lay, as the adjacent shores arc on the level of the
river, and m many cases below its surface; and there
would seem to be no other recourse than the pur-
chase .and transporting by boats of the necessary
material from the opposite shores of New Jersey,
unless, as is claimed, the mud and alluvium exca-
vated for docks should be used for that purpose—an
expedient that would seem to your committee not
only partial and inadequate, but very prejudicial to •
the usefulness and health of the locality. This fill-
ing alone, it has been estimated by the engineer of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, would cost not less
than SI,000,000; and this statement is even exceeded
by that of Senator Riddle, of Delaware, himself an
experienced engineer and conversant with the local-
ity, who estimated the expense at $10,000 per acre
and without piling. If to this be added the expense
of piling to seeuresohd foundations, an expense even
more than that of filling, the outlay for preparation
?u i.*L would probably be very much greater
than the completing of a first-class navy-yard at New
n* $ese difficulties are forcibly stated by the
thffollowing term^ W h'S aDnUal rePOrt of 1862- in
cost *° ik are its ■ow'aHuvial soil, the
raiMn? lt t0   proper grade, the depth it will
torn andatL penetrat® before reaching safe bot-
f expn®?se of pilmS on which to erect
itw!fVbesea.r,e weighty objections, and
come thenf' inconsiderable expense to over-
