462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 15,
man who fancied that he was entitled to be
paid money by the Government. It would be
to convert the judges of the several courts into
Secretaries of the Treasury.
, Now,, what said Mr. Chief- (Justice McLean 1
What had been done in that,ease was done by
Mr.. Fillmore, and it is a striking case to show
how universal was the opinion that the author-
ity to remove was ia the President. The case
then before the court was the case of the re-
moval of a territorial judge. Mr. Justice Mc-
Lean thought—and I cannot add to the author-
ity of his name by saying that in my judgment
he thought correctly—that however true it was,
for -he does not deny that it is a settled ques-
tioftthat the President has the power to remove,
a'judicial officer is not within this power.
- Mr. WILLIAMS. Will.the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. JOHNSON". With pleasure.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is proper that
I should say that I did not cite that case to
show that the court there decided that the
President had no power of removal, or for an^
eueh purpose ; but 1 produced the statement of
Justice McLean to the effect that the Supreme
Court of the United States, with Chief Justice
Marshall at its head, and of which Justice
McLean was a member, did entertain the opin-
ion that the President had no such power. In
the absence of any decision of the Supreme
Court upon that question, I consider the state-
ment of Justice McLean as the next best
authority as to the views of the Supreme Court
with regard to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend did not read
the whole of that. dissenting opinion or he
would never have come so positively to that
conclusion. Mr. Justice McLean said—and it
is better that I should read his very words, and
it will be seen that he admits.the power of. re-
moval, instead of contesting it:
■ "It was supposed that the exercise of this power
hy the President was necessary A>r the efficient dis-
charge of executive duties. That to consult the
Senate in making removals, the same as in making
appointments, would be too tardy for the correction
of abuses. By a temporary appointment the public
service is now provided for in ease of death, and the
same provision could be made where immediate
removals are necessary."—17 JSmoard, p. 306.
"Immediate removals" of whom? There
'was nobody but the President authorized to
remove such officers as are spoken of by the .
learned justice. He admits, therefore, so far
from contesting, that the exigencies of the
Government may require an immediate re-
moval; and as there existed no power to
make a removal known to the laws in relation
to the officers of which he was speaking except
the President, he admits that the President
has the power in certain cases to make an im-
mediate removal. But that is not all; he
foes on upon the next' page, which my friend
id not read, to say:
" If the power to remove from office be inferred
from the power to appoint, bo.th the elements of the,
appointing power are necessarily included. The
Constitution has declared what shall be the execu-
tive power to appoint, and by consequence thesame
power should bo exercised in a removal."—Ibid., p.
307.
In other words, he. agreed with those who
denied the power in the beginning ; but what
does he say is the law now? Something must
be settled ; the age cannot go on without hav-
ing some principles established; no Govern-
ment can last which has one constitution to-
day and another constitution to-morrow. Con-
temporary construction, acquiesced in by the
people, recognized by the courts, adopted by
the Executive, in relation to any particular
subject; must be the law. Now, what does he
say, looking to the effect of what had been the
practice of the Government ?
" But this power of removal has been perhaps too
long established and exercised to he now questioned.
The voluntary action of the Scnato and the Presi-
dent would bo necessary to change the practice; and
as this would require the-relinquishment of a power
by one of the parties to be'exereised in conjunction
with the other, it can scarcely be.expected."—Ibid.,
p.SOT.
. So that Mr. Justice McLean considered-it
settled that the absolute power of removal
was in the President, according to the settled
practice of the Government under the Consti-
tution. On tie same point I take-occasion
also to refer to the case of ex parte Hennen,
13 Peters, 2S0. Mr. Justice Thompson, deliv-
ering the opinion of the court in that case,
said:
"This power of removal from office was a subject
much disputed, and upon which a great diversity of
opinion was entertained in the early history of this
Government. This related, however, to the power
of the Px-esident to remove officers appointed with
the concurrence of the Senate; and the great ques-
tion was, whether the removal was to be by the
President alone, or with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, both constituting the appointing power. No
one denied the power of the President and Senate
jointly to remove, where the tenure of the office
was not fixed by the Constitution: which was a full
recognition of the principle that the power of re-
moval was incident to the power of appointment.
But it was very early adopted as the practical con-
struction of the Constitution that this power was
vested in the President alone."—13 Peters, p. 259.
Mr. President, I have but a few words more
to say, and they will be addressed particularly
to a vindication of Mr. Madison, not in respect'
to the opinion which he maintained that the
Executive had the power to remove, but as to
the effect and meaning of the resolutionsof
1798. I will not trouble the Senate by reading
them. When the doctrine of nullification was
started by Mr. Calhoun and maintained by a
plausible course of reasoning which deceived,
as I think, the unthinking, and certainly car-
ried along with him the judgment nearly of
his whole State, the Legislature of South Car-
olina, and the politicians of the South generally
maintained that that doctrine of nullification
or secession was found incorporated in the Ken-
tucky resolutions of 1799 ana the Virginia reso-
lutionsof 1798. Mr. Madison then wrote several
letters to his relative, Mr. Cabell, of Richmond;
he wrote to Mr. Webster after Mr. Webster
pronounced his celebrated speech upon the
Foot resolutions; he wrote to Mr. Everett;
and the work which I have before me contains
all of the letters to which I have adverted upon
that subject, in which he denies positively that
the resolutions of 1798, which he admits were
drawn by him, and the celebrated report in
support of those resolutions, which also was
drawn by him, gave the slightest color in his
view to the doctrine either of nullification or
secession. I have not time to read the letters,
nor is it necessary for my purpose. By a course
of reasoning that I think must carry conviction
to the judgment of all who are not past convic-
tion,, he demonstrates that either doctrine is
utterly inconsistent with the continuance of the
Government, and being so inconsistent, can
have no foundation in the Constitution of the
United States; and he tells us what he meant
by those resolutions of bis and the report; and
not only that, but the Kentucky resolutions,
which were drafted by Mr. Jefferson, he tells
his correspondent, Mr. Cabell, were never in-
tended by that statesman to imply any such
doctrine.
At that time. Mr. Jefferson had left this land
of his love and of his hope. Before he died
he thought that he saw in the temper of the pub-
lic mind—it is immaterial to inquire whether he
supposed the danger was in the South or in
the North, or in the general prevailing temper
of the country—danger to the continuation of
our institutions ; but as Mr. Madison tells us,
who knew Mr. Jefferson's thoughts, who had
served as his Secretary of State for eight
years, who was his constant correspondent
after he himself became President of the Uni-
ted States, -and when he retired continued to
be liis correspondent, Mr. Jefferson never con-
templated as constitutional the doctrine either
of nullification or of secession. I am glad,
therefore, to be able, with what I think con-
sists with the truth of history, to vindicate the
memory of each of these great men from the
assertion that they were guilty of an error
which would have rendered, and if it was rec-
ognized as a truth would render the continu-
ance of our institutions as temporary as the
shadows.
A word more, and I shall cease to trouble
the Senate. My friend ;from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cowan] was'supposed by some of the
Senators to threaten another revolution if this
bill or bills of a like character were passed.
He disavows any such purpose;, and those who
know his frankness will have no hesitation in
believing in the sincerity of that disavowal. I
do not anticipate and do not fear any such
revolution as that; hut there may be a revolu-
tion of a different kind, the kind of revolution
which changed the whole political destiny of
the country for a time, and which was success-
fully brought about in 1800. The Congress of
the United States, acting with the assent of the
then President,' Mr. Ada'ms, because he ap-
proved of the bills, had passed the alien and
the sedition laws. The country became alarmed.
No force was threatened of a physical kind;
but the subjects of the alleged usurpation of
power by Congress became matters of political
speculation and discussion in the papers of the
day. The people of the country came to the
rescue of the Constitution thus, in their opin-
ion, invaded, and swept from power those who
had adopted such measures. I am no prophet,
Mr. President. I may not live to see the day
when it shall occur, if it occurs at all, when
the same revolution will be seen condemning
many of the measures of the present day pre-
cisely upon the same ground that the people
in 1800 censured and condemned what had
been done at that time. Alatitudinarian con-
struction of the Constitution, the absorption
of nearly all power into the legislative depart-
ment of the Government, an unwillingness to
submit to the judiciary, an interference with
what have heretofore been considered the
legitimate powers of the President—I do not
say from any bad motive—these are the symp-
toms of the times.
We have just emerged from a war without
example in the annals of civil strife or any
other strife. Every house in our broad land
is filled more or less with mourning for the
departed dead who, upon one side or the other,'
have died in support of what they believed to
be the principles of liberty. The angry pas-
sions have been excited. They more or les3
affect us all, for members of Congress are but
men. They lead to a claim for power that
would not have been thought of in the begin-
ning of the Government. When everything
becomes quiet and settled; when the particular
circumstances to which the party who are now
dominant owe their present condition shall
cease to exist; when they shall have a Presi-
dent of their own choice, (if that is to be the
result of the present state of things,) who will
carry out what they believe to be the true pol-
icy of the country, reason then, with them and
with the Opposition, (if it does'not control us
now,) will control, and a better day will dawn
upon a now distracted land. But, sir, that is
not to be done through the instrumentality of
a civil war. Its desolation; the affliction with
which ithasvisitedindividual men and women ;
the loss of material wealth; the danger to which
our very Government was subjected during its
existence, and must be more or less subjected
during any such strife—all are warnings to keep
us again from entering into any such conflict.
The conflict into which alone the people will
enter will be that which the ballot will decide,
for which that weapon alone will-be used; and
when, as I believe in my existence, the time
shall come when the excitement of the day
shall have terminated and the judgment of the
people shall be what it was from the beginning
of the Government up to the commencement
of this strife, the Constitution will be restored
in all its integrity and each department of the
Government be permitted to exercise every
power which the Constitution as construed iu
the past vests with it.
.Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I lis-
tened yesterday with very much of interest and
attention to the remarks of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] in support of the bill
before the Senate; but I listened in vain for a
statement by him, distinctly and clearly made,
of the ground of power upon which this bill
