1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL #L0^1
I#
impartial tribunal. It has already formed' and
expressed it® opinion in the prior proceeding,
and it would be an outrage upon justice for it
to assume and exercise its duties ag a court.
Take another ease, a ease whore a removal
ia actually made by the President after sena-
torial advice and consent. The officer ia
removed from his office, and nothing more.
Bat this punishment for trangression ia very
different from that which might be adjudged to
him upon impeachment. Upon impeachment
in a proper ease th« sentence would include a
disqualification for holding office in the future
under the United States. So it appears that
m acting upon an impeachment of an officer
preferred before it, the Senate would impose one
form of punishment, while in acting with the
President upon the same question of miscon-
duct it would advise and consent to a smaller
punishment; to one into which no disqualifica-
tion for holding office would enter. We need
not here determine the question whether an
officer thus removed by the President, with
senatorial consent, would still be liable to
impeachment by the House of Representatives;
for whether liable or not the participation of
the Senate in his removal stands equally con-
demned. If no proceeding of impeachment
can be instituted against an officer when out
of office for a crime or misdemeanor com-
mitted by him when in office, it follows that
the right of the House to have a judgment
of disqualification pronounced upon him is
evaded and defeated! If, on the other hand,
the House can still prefer articles of impeach-
ment against him and bring him before the
Senate for trial, you have again the difficulty
of a tribunal already committed in opinion
and judgment upon the guilt of the accused,
and thereby disqualified for giving him an
impartial trial.
Take another case frorn the second class of
Cases, according to the division already men-
tioned—a case of the refusal of consent by the
Senate to a removal. The officer remains in
office; the President cannot remove him be-
cause the Senate has formed and expressed
its opinion in his favor upon all the grounds
of charge against him. But the right of the
House to prefer articles of impeachment and
to demand his removal, if they are sustained
by proof, must remain unaffected and in full
force. But, as in the former case, the Senate
has disqualified itself for entering upon the
trial. Its impartiality is gone from it; it is
already committed against the prosecution ;
and its pride, self-respect, and regard for con-
sistency, its feelings, passions, and opinions,
all fix it as a partisan of the accused, and com-
mit it to his vindication and support against
the impeachment of the House, under such
circumstances a proceeding by the House to
bring an offender to justice would be vain,
fruitless, absurd.
As regards all eases of this description, the
impeachment power might as well as not be
struck from the Constitution, for its operation,
its vitality is destroyed. It may be said that
the Senate, upon a full trial, might change its
opinion, might obtain and act upon new"views
regarding the official conduct of the officer
accused. This is not a reasonable supposition;
it is opposed to the teachings of experience and
to human nature itself. Besides, it is to be re-
membered that a two-thirds vote is necessary
to a judgment of condemnation upon impeach-
ment, whereas a majority merely may advise
and consent or refuse their advice and consent
to a removal from office by the President. If
therefore a majority have refused their con-
sent to a presidential removal and become
committed m favor of the officer accused, it is
hardly_ within the bounds of possibility that
two thirds should afterward condemn the same
officer upon a proceeding of itopeachment.
In whatever light, then, you view the alleged
power of the Senate to advise and consent to
removals from office, it appears utterly incon-
sistent with its unquestioned power and duty
to try all impeachments of "civil officers of
the United States." The conclusion is inevit-
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 30.
ablo that the authors of the Constitution, Who
donferred upon the Senate in express term's the
power to try all impeachments, did not intend
them or empower them to act in any way what-
ever rn, conjunction with the President or as
advisers of the President hi questions of re-
moval from office; and it is equally clear that
so long as the Senate shall be the constitutional
tribunal for the trial of impeachments it ought
not to be authorized to act upon questionsof
removal, either to investigate them or to give
advice upon them. , (
This argument, then, founded upon the im-
peachment clauses of the Constitution, is de-
r- •   __ 1...x c i-u -
power in the Senate, and also against the pol-
icy, the propriety, I had almost said the pos-
sibility, of vesting it in the Senate by constitu-
tional amendment or (if that we^e possible) by
statute law.
And this argument might be extended and
strengthened by observations upon the impeach-
ability of the President himself and the impro-
priety of involving him in warm controversies
before the very body which may be required to
sit in judgment as a court upon his official con-
duct.
But not only is there no advisory power in
cases of removal vested in the Senate by the
Constitution, but there could have been no
reason for so vesting such power. The Con-
stitution of the Senate does not adapt it to the
performance of such duty, and the argument
against it, upon this ground, becomes stronger
every year. It might have been possible -in
the earlier years of the Government that the
Senate" should investigate questions of Removal
and determine them; for offices were few in
number and the cases of removal were rare.
Now, however, when offices have multiplied
enormously; when they are counted by thou-
sands in each greatbranch of the public service,
civil, military, and naval, and wiien remov-
als must be frequent and promptly made, it is
impossible that the Senate should exercise the
advisory power in question intelligently and
justly, with convenience to itself or advantage
to the public. As much of time ia now
bestowed by it upon questions of appointment
as can be spared from the performance of
legislative duties. But in the execution of the
duty now charged upon it, it acts summarily,
and not with prolonged or thorough delibera-
tion. The evidence before it is partial and in-
exact; witnesses are raTely examined; papers
are rarely verified by certificates or oath, and
parties nominated are either unheard or heard
irregularly and imperfectly. Only such in-
formation is sought or received as will enable
inees. And this is supposed to be sufficient
for the due performance of the duty charged
upon the Senate. The actual appointment,
after all, is made by the President, and he is
mainly responsible to the country for the selec-
tion made.
It is found, I repeat, that the executive
duties of the Senate upon appointments, al-
though discharged in the manner described,
are a serious lax upon the time and attention
of the members, and interfere to some extent
with the performance by them of other duties.
How would the case stand if they were re-
quired to advise and consent to removals from
office? In the first place, the charges against
an officer, or the causes alleged for his removal,
would be laid before them in specific form.
This would be necessary to their investigation
"of the case. Next, they would be compelled
to receive evidence in some form or manner,
both for and against the officer accused or
sought to be removed; and as it would be
monstrous to condemn him unlleard, rules for
notice to him and for hearing him would have
to be fixed. And as it would be impossible
for the Senate in executive session to conduct
an examination, that duty would have to be
charged upon committees, and those commit-
tees armed with adequate powers for the pur-
pose; * would fofioV^aMn^i6n| of wit-,
riesses blfcfSi# committee, or tlie taiin^QfthSif
depoyitfoliS iii'splne regular mannerupo.il. feoiyt-
missiott otf BttlS;. Possibly counsel might be'
introduced, or tKfiarties themselves beH%©K
In any case, the* decision and report of £ com-,
mittee on a case must be.subject to review ana
debate by, the SJenatev'With a consumpt'on of
time, and''{>o'ssibty with* aii exasperation af de-
bate of which members can flow form no. con-
ception. A code of rufes for" the:management
of this new business must gjpw up or be estab-
lished, and the investigations'' made ntust .as-
sume a judicial character. If justice is £o be
attained, if private right is to bo respeCte^
if sound or safe' Conclusions are to be reached^
both the Senate and its committees must ac£
through judicial foi'ms ; at least through such
as are everywhere held necessary to the ascert
tainment of truth. The accusation and the
defense must be both heard; the evidence must
be taken under oath and before competent
authority, and upon reasonable notice; and
opportunity must be afforded for argument and
for deliberation and debate.
Let no one tell me that these speculations
are extravagant or chimerical because we do!
not encounter intolerable difficulty or inconven-
ience in. acting upon questions of appointment.
For the reasons already stated, aiid' for m^ny
others which might be mentioned, questions?
of removal are widely different from th'o^e of
appointment, and they will involve senatorial
duties of a different description and more ardu-
ous character—duties to which the Senate is
unsuited by its very constitution as well as by
the pressure of other duties upon it.
It is said that this bill may be a valuable
check upon political removals from office, upon
proscription for opinion's sake by the exeeu-.
tive Department. Well, sir,,it is'manifeat that
it will riot" be so when tlie" President 'of the.
United States and the majority of, the Senate*
agree together in their political opinions. Be-
cause the responsibility of removals will then
be divided between two departments of the
Government instead of being charged upon
one, it is more likely'thalt proscription will'be
increased, that instead of the' volume of pre-
scriptive action in the Government being abated
and reduced, it will. be enlarged and swollen.
The division of responsibility between the two
departments will induce more extravagant
and extensive action in purging all depart-
ments of the public service from political op-
ponents. Nay, sir, the political majority m
the Senate itself will be apt to urge forward
the President in the business of proposing to
them the removal of officers of the United
States subject to their joint power. This will
be the case, one half the whole time or more,
at all times when the President and the ma-
jority of the Senate shall agree in political
sentiment and shall be inspired by common
political passions and purposes leading to con-
cert of conduct.
Again, when the President arid the majority
of the Senate shall disagree, which is the only
other possible case, we shall incur th^ danger
that the Senate, for political reasons, will keep
in office persons who ought to be removed.
Mr. Kl)MTJNDS. Allow me to ask my
friend is that danger any greater in the nature
of the thing than that the President forpolitical
reasons should do precisely the opposite?
Mr. BUCKALE W. It is, because at present
the President may retain an improper officer in
office, or, to speak to the precise point, he may
retain him in office for political reasons when
he ought to be removed. That is an existing
inconvenience of our system. Now, wliat is
the remedy proposed ? Not (hat the President
may not hereafter' keep him in office in such a
case; but that, besides that inconvenience and
evil, there shall be another inconvenience and
evil added to it, to' wit: that the Senate shall
act in the game way and for the same reason,
and that instead of having a single inconven-
ience in <3ie Government with regard to keeping
improper officers in office for political reasons
you shall have it doubled; there shall Be two
