mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
He also expressed his surprise at the per
tinacity of the Secretary of the Navy in insist-
ing that we 'should make this acquisition of
League Island. I do not know that there is
anything very extraordinary in that. It may
be, and I rather think it is, that pertinacity
is an element of Connecticut character, ^uid
especially am I inclined to think so when I
remember that New London has been perti-
naciously attempting to secure a navy-yard for
sixty-five years. She made an effort to secure
it in 1802, but her claims were rejected.^ In
1817 a board of eminent naval and military
engineer officers were appointed to examine
that site, and they reported against it. But
the maggot has never been got out of her
brain, and she has been insisting upon secur-
ing a naval depot and navy-yard at New Lon-
don ever since that time. But if the Senator
really wants to knbw why the Navy Depart-
ment has been so pertinacious in regard to this
tnatter I will tell him. It is the judgment of
the Secretary of the Navy, based upon the
opinions of the most skillful men, as he thinks,
connected with the Navy, that the public inter-
ests require that this acquisition should be
made. He believes, and I believe, that there
is a vast loss every ypar to the Government of
the United States because we have not acquired
and occupicd this territory for the purposes for
which we- now propose to obtain it. He be-
lieves that it is the most proper place in the
country to deposit our iron naval vessels in
time of peace; anjJ this opinion is based upon
the report of a board of officers familiar with
our whole Atlantic coast.
The Senator read to us from a report of a
board of naval officers appointed to investi-
gate the adaptability of League Island and of
New London for naval purposes, and I thin,c
the Senate will bear me out in the statement
that from what ho said no one would judge
that there was any diversity of opinion in that
commission on that subject. I think the Sena-
tor did not refer to the minority report or indi-
cate that there was a minority report upon the
subject; he invariably spoke of the commission
as an entirety, giving their judgment against
League Island. Now, sir, it is due to truth to
say that there was a minority as well as a ma-
jority report. Basing my own opinion upon
the two reports and the facts embodied in
them, J have no hesitation in saying that the
strongest arguments are in the minority re-
port, written by that eminent man, Professor
Baeh6, and against the majority report. That
commission consisted of the present Admiral
Stringhara, Commodore Gardner, Captain Van
Brunt, Mr. Sanger, Professor Baeh6, and Com-
modore Marston. Four of them were in favor
of New London as against League Island ; Pro-
fessor, liaehe and Commodore Marston were
opposed to New London and in favor of
League island.
When the report came to the Navy Depart-
ment the argti;nents of the majority and mi-
nority were canvassed by the Secretary of the
Navy and by naval ofiicers who wore called
upon to assist him in forming a correct con-
clusion on the subject. He believed that the
weight of the argument was with the minority;
and hence he has insisted all the time up to
the present moment that the public interests
required that League Island should be secured
rather than any^other spot. In other words,
he has stood to his original position, that we do
not need another navy-yard; and I have yet
jaded to see a single naval officer of respecta-
bility who does insist or claim that we need
another navy-yard. The great trouble with us
is that wo have too many navv-yards, and that
those we have are too small. I told the Senate
yesterday how they were originally selected.
We have been enlarging them by adding to
them from tims to time, at immense expense,
by the purchase of adjacent property, because
we did not lay them out originally upon tracts
sufficiently extensive to meet the demands of
the country as the Navy increased and the
commercial interests of the country increased.
Now, Mr. President, perhaps I have a little
advantage over the Senator from Connecticut
in this matter. I did not commit myself in
favor of League Island until I had made per-
sonal inspection of it. I have made several
personal inspections, and I am free to say that
upon no subject have I ever heard so many
falsehoods uttered in my life as I have on the
subject of League Island. I have heard per-
sons tell me and people around me that a man
could stand upon the soil of League Island
and shake it like a strong man standing on a
bog, and yet I have myself Seen oak trees'
growing on the island as large as I ever saw
grow anywhere. The truth is that League
Island is a common low interval land, which
probably has been formed in the course of the
last six or seven hundred years by the con-
fluence of the waters of the Schuylkill and the
Delaware. I have a map of it before me. At
low water it is three or four feet above the
water, and at the extreme tide, which rises
onco or twice a year, perhaps if there were no
embankments on the outside it would over-
flow. It is precisely like the land you find
along all the streams where there is tidal water
in any of the northern States. The soil is
firm, and according tQ the report of Professor
Bachfi, and I think everybody admits he is a
skillful engineer,^having been educaf ed as such
and devoted himself to that profession in the
Army before he was placed at the head of the
Coast Survey—it admits of as good construc-
tions being raised upon it as the ground of any
navy-yard we have, unless it be at Kittery and
at Mare Island, where we have stone; and for
some purposes, as for instance for the construc-
tion of works for the fabrication of arms and
working with trip-hammers, it is infinitely
better.
Now, it is proposed to secure this whole area
and the banks on the outside of this channel,
embracing some six hundred acres. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut has read to us a state-
ment to the effect that.it is going to cost more
than a million of dollars to fill up this island.
Sir, we do not propose to fill it all up at once.
We only propose to fill it up as we go along, as
we wish to extend the works, and I assert that
it will be to our advantage that that ground is
low instead of being high. What do wo want
of a navy-yard? What are the necessities of
navy-yards at this time? Let me read to
you an extract from the London News of
last month, showing what Great Britain is doing
in regard to navy-yards, and what we shall be
compelled to'do if we intend to occupy a first-
class position as a naval power. I read from
the "naval and military" column of the Lon-
don News:
" Chatham, January 17,1867.
"Thf, Enlargement op Chatham Dock-Yaku.—
This morning, Mr. Gabrielle, whose tender for tho
construction of the works for the enlargement of this
dockyard, by tho formation of the new basins, docks,
factories, and other buildings, arrived at the dock-
yard, in order to make tho necessary arrangements
for the commencement of t.h * works forth with. Tho
designs for the enlargement of tho yard will necessi-
tate the taking in of three hundred and eighty acres
of the land adjoining the present establishment, by
which the entire aroa of the dock-yard will bo en-
larged to nearly live hundred acres. Of this, seventy-
four acres will be deep water space, consistingof three
basins constructed on tho natural line of creek, a
branch of the Medway, which separates St. Mary's
Island irom tho main land."
There is precisely such a position as we have
at League Island, where we can excavate the
back channel and make a basin of seventy
acres for the deposit of your vessels in perfect
safety.
"Of the three basins intended to be constructed, the
largest will bo the fitting-out basin, which will have
a water area of thirty-three acres with a depth of
thirty toot, and a wharfage frontage of five thousand
eight hundred feet. Tho repairing basin will cover
an area of twenty-one acres, and the factory basin
with which it is connected an area of twenty acres
each, with about four thousand feet of frontage. Con-
nected with the repairing basin, which willopen into
the Medway nearly opposite Upnor Castle, will be four
spacious docks, each fourhundred and twenty feet in
length, with a depth of watcrof twenty-eight feet six
inches over the sill at high-water neaps. Adjoining
tile factory basin, which communicates with the other
two, will bo an extensive range of buildings covering
an area of nearly twenty acres, and including steam ,
factories, smiths' shops, stores, fitting shops, and other I
establishments: The estimated outlay for the entire 1
undertaking is one million and a half sterling, which
will probably be increased to two millions when the
whole of the proposed works arc completed. The
works connected with tho construction of the repair-
ing and fitting basins will be first proceeded with."
That is a very immense work, and it is going
to cost a very large sum of money. The time
will come, and it is not very far distant, when
we shall have to make preparations for estab-
lishing just as extensive navy-yards as they
have in Great Britain. We made the prepara-
tion last winter in regard to our navy-yard at
Kittery, in the State of Maine. We have se-
cured a valuable island there, which, in the
course of five or ten years, will be covered with
constructions necessary to promote the naval
interest. We now propose to secure this island
in the Delaware and move the present navy-
yard that is in the heart of the city of Phila-
delphia to it, and then to enlargcand extend it
as the necessities of the service require. I say
thatitisto our advantage that the ground is low.
Need I undertake to illustrate thatahd to prove
it before the members of the Senate ? I am
borne out by the engineers who have examined
it when I say that the earth which will be taken
from the excavations for the basins will be
amply sufficient to elevate the adjacent ground
to the necessary height; and, as your engineers
will tell you, the nearer you have your dump-
ing ground to the place you are excavating the
greater is tho saving to you in the expense of
excavation; whereas when you take your navy-
yard_ to some other place where you have a
granite or a hard pan formation the expense
of preparing the grounds for basins will be
immense.
But it is said that the soil on League Island
is not adapted to naval constructions. Let
Professor Bache and Commodore Marston
answer this objection:
"7. Adaptation of the site to the construction of per-
manent stone dry-docks, wet basins, piers, wharves,
rolling-mills, forge shops, and other heavy works.
" Either site is adapted to the construction of per-
manent stone docks, wet basins, piers, wharves, rol-
ling-mills, forge shops, furnaces, and other heavy
works.
" The foundations of heavy works at League Island
must be piled; those at Winthrop's Point be cut from
a high gravel hill, forty, sixty, or one hundred feet
high, according to distance, with a hard gravel or a
rocky basis. At the back of League Island is an arm
of the river of two hundred feet in width in the
average, and which not only contributes to the de-
fense of the navy-yard site, but will serve for the
provision of wharves for small docks, for depots of
timber and other materials, giving thus a large addi-
tional front if needed. This passage may be readily
defended if it is desirable to deepen it.
" League Island has all tho advantages of an insular
situation from this passage, without the disadvan-
tages to which an island at a considerable distance
from the main is exposed.
'While marshes have formed below tho island, the
channel ways have deepened, and tho improvements
proposed to be made at League Island, if conforming
to correct principles of hydraulic engineering, will
still further increase the depth of tho river channels.
" League Island will probably be filled up in part,
amnio materials for which are found in the gravel
of Red Bank, or of the main near the gas-works,
or m the refuse of the city founderies and iron-
works, and for the removal of which the owners of
these establishments now pay, which can be brought
by water to the island, and above all the ashes, slag,
and other products of the forges, founderies, and
furnaces, which also would bo an expense to remove,
and which will in time afford materials for the exten-
sion of the island over the present flats.
"Works producing one hundred and twenty to one
hundred and fifty tons of iron per day furnish a vast
amount of slag and other matters which accumulate
in immense piles, as we have seen at tho iron-works
on the Schuylkill and Lehigh.
" Winthrop's Point must oe cut down throughhard
diluvial gravel, and probably in part through rock.
Should hard pan be met it will be even more difficult
to remove than rocks.
" The subsoil of League Island is favorable for the
driving of piles, a bed of diluvial gravel underlying
the 'alluvial clay'atdopthsontheaverageof thirty-
seven feet. In one spot upon the old island tho
borings of the commission reached gravel at twenty-
five feet, and were carried on seven feet further with
difficulty, reaching a stony bed at that depth. In
the softest boring on the new part of the island the
gravel was reached at fifty-six feet. Those are all
admissible depths for piling.
The slag, ashes, and other refuse matters of fur-
naces and forges, which are now carried awav from
establishments near the wharves of tho city of Phil-
adelphia, could be transported by wator cheaply to
League Island if needed for filling in. "Wo have
ascertained that four private establishments at Phil-
adelphia, with rolling and puddling furnaces, pro-
duce some four hundred and fifteen cubic yar.ds of
wastage per week."
