1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
the purpose of public buildings wlieu they be-
came a State, 1 would vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to make an in-
quiry of the Senator from Kansas. He lives in
the vicinity, and I should like to know what
his estimate is of the population of Dakota, and
what is the number of votes that were polled
at the last election.
Mr. POMEROY. The population must be
very small, or else the people are so scattered
that they could not get to the polls to vote. I
noticed that the vote was very small.
Mr. SPRAGUE. What was the vote ?
Mr. POMEROY. Less than a thousand.
Mr. GRIMES. Was it not less than five
hundred?
Mr. POMEROY. The Territory is very large
and the people are very much scattered, so that ]
they did not all get to the polls to vote. But j
I believe there was only one ticket running; j
and in a Territory or in a State when there are
not two parties, you never get out a full vote.
You cannot tell by the voting whether there is
any population or not in a Territory or State
where there is only one ticket running; be-
cause if there is no contest hardly anybody
will take the trouble to go to the polls and vote.
Judging by the last vote, the population of
Dakota is very small, indeed ; but I think they j
have more population than that vote would [
indicate.
But, sir, I close what I have to say by say-
ing that an expenditure of this character should
not be made, in my opinion, unless the capital '
of the Territory is well settled, and unless the
population is at least twenty thousand.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to introduce
any new principle in regard to these appro-
priations. The precedents have been that when
you have organized a people into a territorial
government, when you have given them a Gov-
ernor and a Legislature, and all the parapher-
nalia of self-government, when you have set
them up as a quasi independent organization
in that form, you have always given them an
outfit of public buildings. I believe that has
been the invariable rule.
Mr. NYE. Not in our case.
Mr. WADE. But you were erected into a
State before you were hardly born. [Laughter.]
It has been the rule in all other cases that I
know of, when we erect a people into a Ter-
ritory, when we provide for their choosing
a Legislature, we do not provide that they
shall meet at certain times to transact legis-
lative business without providing a place in
which they shall meet. It is supposed that to
carry on civil government they will want offices
for the transaction of the business of the Ter-
ritory. Then, in the administration of justice
they will want a jail or a prison, unless nobody
goes there but angels, and that has not always
been found to be the case. It has always been
considered that there was a kind of propriety
in giving an outfit in this form to a new Terri-
tory just starting in the work of organization.
When you authorize them to make laws you
provide a place in which their Legislature shall
meet to enact laws. I suppose that is the reason
upon which, in every Territory so far as I
know, appropriations for these purposes have
been made.
I agree with the Senator from Kansas that it
would be exceedingly well if the proper site for
a permanent seat of government could be ascer-
tained at an early period of the Territory when
we make the appropriation ; but if you were to
take the vote of the people of Dakota on that
question to-day they could not tell where they
would ultimately want their capital to be, and
I think the permanent capital has rarely been
fixed upon in an early period of the Territory.
Nobody can tell then where the settlements
will predominate, where the population will be
thickest, where the convenience of roads will
indicate the proper point to be. Nobody can
now foresee what may happen in the next ten
years. Consequently, fix it where you may at
first, you will find that the people after a while
will have a pretty violent contest over it, and
they will finally fix it to suit themselves with-
out regard to the location you may name. It
is impossible to permanently locate the capital
when a Territory is first organized. You can-
not do it unless the geography of the country
is so marked that the place where the capital
should be is at once indicated by great rivers
or great roads, or something showing where the
center of population and business will be.
But, sir, I have said all that I care to say on
this subject. If the Senate do not see fit to
deal with this Territory as we have dealt with
other Territories, be it so. I have done my
duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the statement of
the Senator from Ohio, it appears to me to be
exceedingly unwise to make any appropria-
tion just now for this purpose. It seems that
there are very few people there, and it is im-
possible to tell where these buildings should be
put up. If we spend $40,000 or $20,000 now it
may be wasted; it may be used up in buildings
at a place which will be nothing more than a
county seat. I think they can wait until we
know something more definite in regard to it,
and even risk the consequences the Senator
apprehends in regard to criminals. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted. This is
too early a day altogether to put up public
buildings in this Territory.
Mr. WADE. If you mean to make no appro-
priation for this Territory I hope you will re-
solve it back into its original form and take it
under the protection of the General Govern-
ment again. It seems to me very singular that
you should provide a territorial government
for these people, create a Legislature, and
require them to meet and manage their local
affairs, and deny them a place to meet in.
Mr. NYE. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Maine. I understood his
amendment to be that this money should be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was adopted.
Mr. NYE. I think that should be recon-
sidered. It will lead to a great deal of trouble.
You have local officers there, and if they are
fit for their places fhey know better how to
expend the money than the Secretary here.
You are now building a mint in Nevada of
course under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury who receives monthly reports
from there, and there are no payments until the
reports are received. It takes a report a month
to come here and a month to go back, so that
the Government is in debt two months all the
time to those who are doing the work. I sug-
gest as a matter of convenience and as a matter
of economy that the money could better be
expended by the officers qf the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio was to have the
money expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior. What was added
on my suggestion was a provision that the
buildings should be constructed on plans and
specifications approved by him. But I think
the appropriation ought not to be made at all,
or at any rate not more than $10,000, because
it is evident that it is impossible to ascertain
anything about it at the present time. I agree
with the Senator from Kansas that we ought
not to make any appropriation for this purpose
to the Territory. There are so few people in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I would put in a proviso
at the end of the amendment that the money
should not be expended until the population
reaches ten or twenty thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not be for
some time, and we can provide for it just as
well next year.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think there is
really any occasion for making this provision
now. The difficulty I have found about these
appropriations is that the territorial officers, the
men who first go into a new Territory will buy
a town site and become largely interested in
it, and they arc very clamorous to have buildings
erected there, so that it becomes more a matter
of speculation and of necessity to them than
of public interest. I am clear that in a Terri-
tory like Dakota there should be a population
sufficient to warrant an expenditure of this
character, and the location of the public build-
ing should be well stated and defined. This
amendment appropriates for "public build-
ings." I do not know what is contemplated
by that. If it means a jail or a penitentiary,
$10,000 is enough for that purpose. If it
means a Capitol for the Legislature, $40,000 is
not too much. I really do not know from this
amendment what kind of buildings are con-
templated.
| Mr. WILLIAMS. I have lived in two Ter-
! ritories, and know something of the manner
in which money appropriated for such purposes
| is expended in the Territories, and I doubt
I very much whether the expenditure has ever
| been of any particular advantage to the people,
I though it has been very often to individuals,
j I rise, however, simply to suggest that unless
j money enough is appropriated to construct a
State-house and penitentiary in a Territory,
none ought to be appropriated. If $10,000
will not build either a State-house or a pen-
itentiary in a Territory, the appropriation of
that amount would be simply so much money
thrown away for no good purpose. The legis-
lative officers of the Territory can hire the
necessary buildings for the meetings of the
Legislative Assembly, and they can tempo-
rarily construct a jail or penitentiary for the
use of the Territory. But if this money is
appropriated in this manner it will not, I
presume, be applied to the construction of a
penitentiary, but will more probably be ap-
plied to the construction of a State-house or a
place for the meetings of the Legislative As-
sembly, and for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the territorial officers. If the object
be to appropriate money to this Territory for
the purpose of providing it with a penitentiary,
the law ought to declare that so much money
is appropriated for that purpose; for when
you pay this money into the hands of the ter-
ritorial officers a contest arises between the
different localities that aspire to be the capital
of the Territory as to which place shall have
the public buildings, and a contest arises as to
the location of the penitentiary ; and I under-
take to say, without positive knowledge, ex-
cept as to two or three Territories, that in
three fourths of the Territories where money
has been expended in this way a great pro-
portion of the amount has been lost in these
local controversies between town sites and
places contending for the capitol and peni-
tentiary. According to the information I have
received here, and without any personal
knowledge on the subject, it does seem to me
that it would be advisable to wait a little while
before this expenditure is made, although I
am always favorable to every sort of friendly
legislation for the Territories. As I have been
so identified with them, I feel an interest in
them always, and any legislation that looks to
their advantage would certainly receive my
support; but if the population of this Terri-
tory is but five or six hundred or a thousand
people scattered all over a large extent of
country, the expenditure of this amount of
money for the purpose of constructing public
buildings there would be about so much money
thrown away, as it seems to me. I think it
advisable to wait a little while and see what
the Territory will become.
Mr. CRAGIN. I apprehend from this dis-
cussion that some Senators are not aware of
the fact that a bill was passed by the Senate a
few weeks ago appropriating to each Territory
$40,000 for the purpose of building apeniten-
tiary. Such a bill was passed by the House of
Representatives at the last session, and was re-
ported by the Senate Committee on Territories
and passed by the Senate a few weeks sgo. I
reported it during the morning hour, and it went
through without any objection, appropriating
$40,000 to each of the Territories for the pur-
pose of building a penitentiary, the money to
be taken from the internal revenue collected in
each of the Territories for the years 1866,1867,
1868, and 1869.
