THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. CATTELL. I will inquire of the gen-
tleman if those papers were sent to this session
of Congress or not? I have not heard of them.
Probably they were sent here at the last session.
_Mr. FOSTER. They were not sent here at
this session. The Senator undoubtedly has
not heard of them; -but I should consider it a
very unsafe rule to assert that a thing never
occurred because I did not hear of it.
Mr. CATTELL. I simply said so far as my
own knowledge was concerned.
Mr. POSTER. I understood the Senator
to say that the opposition came solely from
Connecticut.
Mr. CATTELL. So far as- this session of
Congress 'is concerned, speaking of the Senate,
I have heard no remonstrance presented.
None has been read in my hearing I am sure,
or it would not have escaped my attention;
and therefore I stated what I believed to be
the fact so far as I was advised.
Mr. FOSTER. There has been none from
Connecticut at this session; not one.
Mr. CATTELL. 1 will inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the pamphlet which has been
laid upon the desk of each Senator, entitled
"Memorial of John R. Bolles and others
remonstrating against the acceptance of League
Island as a,naval station," is not a pamphlet
from Connecticut, and whether the gentleman
whose names are attached to it are not resi-
dents of Connecticut?
Mr. FOSTER. They arc not.
Mr. GRIMES. I am tolerably familiar with
this subject, and I assert that the statement of
the Senator from New Jersey is substantially
correct; that all the opposition that has been
made to the acceptance of League Island has
come froin^ Connecticut—not directly, but
through the instrumentality of gentlemen doing
business in New York, but residing in Con-
necticut, many of whom are known to me.
Mr. CATTELL. Now, Mr. President, while
I am on this subject, having alluded to the
paper which has been laid on my desk, and I
presume on the desk of every Senator, signed
by John R. Bolles, Robert H. McCurdy, Wil-
liam A. Haines, Thomas W. Williams, B. B.
Vhurston, W. II. }V. Campbell,and George B..
Lincoln, 1 desire to say that it contains some
statements which are manifestly incorrect. I
propose to call the attention of the Senate to a
single one, and not to detain them by a detailed
examination ot the memorial. If I can show
to Senators that there is one entire misrepre-
sentation on this subject, it will enable them to
judge of tlie value of the communication. On
page 11 ol this pamphlet will be found the
lol lowing:
"l)y the imposition to remove tlio present navy-
yind l.oin 1 inludolphia to League Island is meant
tho otiibliituncnt there ot tho groat iron-clad navv-
ya«l of tho eouulry. So all the recommendations oC
the heel clary oi tlio -\u vy, the legislation of Congress
on the subject, and all tho reports clearly show that
that locality is outirely unfitted for tho purpose."
Here is a declaration in this pamphlet that
all the recommendations of the Secretary of the
Navy show that this locality is entirely unfitted
lor tho purpose, when tho fact is that in four
successive annual reports the Secretary of the
Navy has urgently presented this subject to
Longress, and, in the language of the gentle-
man from Connecticut himself, has "pertina-
ciously' ' insisted that League Island should be
accepted as thopropcr place for a naval station
lor iron-clads,
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I wish to state that the para-
giapli wlueh he has read was pointed out to
me by the proof-reader. It is a mistake in the
pimetua ion and printing. I will read it as
it should be pointed, and will correct the mis-
take. As it stands it is a mistake, as the hon-
orable Senator suggests. It should read thus :
rc«°™m?.n<lations of the Secretary of
the ISavy, the legislation of Congress on the sub-
ject, and all the reports clearly show."
There there should be a full stop. The next
word should begin with a capital:
"That that locality is entirely unfitted for the
pujpose we believe, among others, for the following
reasons.
That should be the punctuation without
adding a word or putting a word in. It is sim-
ply a mistake of the proof-reader, or of the
printer and not corrected by the proof-reader.
It was pointed out to me, and I should have
corrected it before if I had supposed any Sen-
ator did not see it.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, there are
other statements contained in this pamphlet
and in similar documents on this subject upon
which I should like to dwell, but it would be
altogether too tedious for me to detain the
Senate by an examination of them. The prop-
osition now before the Senate is a very simple
one. The navy-yard in the city of Philadel-
phia has been presented year after year by the
Secretary of the Navy as insufficient for the
purposes of a naval station at that point. In
1862, when the requirements of the naval ser-
vice were more fully shown by the breaking
out of the rebellion, the attention of the Sec-
retary of the Navy was called to this subject,
and of his own accord, without any intimation
from Philadelphia or Philadelphians; he ex-
amined the fresh-water tributaries of the Atlan-
tic in order to discover the most available situa-
tion for the establishment of a naval station for
iron-clads. He selected League Island. The
very first knowledge that Philadelphians had on
the subject was from-an application made by
the Secretary of the Navy to the mayor of Phil-
adelphia asking his intervention in procuring
League Island for this purpose without having
to pay for it an exorbitant price. The mayor
of Philadelphia sent a communication to the
councils on the subject, and when the councils
discovered that it was the wish of the Govern-
ment to acquire League Island, and when they
recognized that the removal of the navy-yard
from its present position would be a very de-
cided advantage to Philadelphia, as I propose
directly to show you, they passed a resolution
offering as a free gift to the Government of the
United States the very location which the De-
partment had selected above all others as the
most desirable-—not one which had been pressed
upon them by Philadelphia or Philadelphians,
but a" location which'they themselves had se-
lected after a thorough examination by Chief
Engineer Wood and Assistant Secretary Fox.
The city of Philadelphia, anxious to do a great
thing for the Government, anxious to secure
this station in part, of course, for the advantage
of Philadelphia, and anxious more than all
other things to remove the present navy-yard,
as it stands across the lino of their southern
wharf front, in order to have that extension
southward which they have been driven to
seek northward, purchased, or agreed to pur-
chase, this island _ at a cost of $300,000, and
offer it as a free gift to the Government of the
United States.
Mr. President, I do not for a moment pre-
tend to say that this site should bo accepted if
it is not entirely suitable for the purpose; nay
more, if it is not the very best spot along the
Atlantic sea-board, I think it ought not to be
selected. No one has appeared here claiming
that because Philadelphia is a patriotic city she
comes asking the Congress of the United States
to grant her this naval station as a boon. There
have been no such representations made to the
Congress of the United States, and I sincerely
trust there will be none. Philadelphia has too
much pride of character to ask the national
Government to do a thing contrary to its inter-
ests as a boon to her. During the whole of this
conflict she has been loyal, faithful, and true to
the country; but she does not come here asking
that you shall do anything for her as a boon.
On the contrary, she comes tendering to you
the very best location which can be found on
the Atlantic sea-hoard for a naval station. She
does not ask you to pay an exorbitant price for
it; she offers it to the Government as a free
gift, and simply asks }7our acceptance of it.
W ill any geutleman on this floor tell me what
evil is to come from the passage of this bill?
It does not appropriate a single dollar; it does
not arrange for a single procedure in regard to
League Island, except simply the acceptance
of it by the Government of the United States
as a gift. It does not appropriate even as much
as will pay for the stamps which will be neces-
sary to go upon the deed. It proposes that if
a commission to be appointed on this subject
shall approve of League Island, and shall re-
port in its favor to the Secretary of the Navy,
we will consent to receive from the city of Phil-
adelphia a deed for this magnificent tract of
six hundred acres of ground, and that then
Congress m its wisdom shall do whatever it
thinks best in the way of its improvement. It
will be perfectly within the province of Con-
gress, if the scientific men to be appointed
shall report against it, to fail to make an
appropriation to establish a .naval station
thereon. But I apprehend that when the
merits of this location shall have been fairly
understood by the Congress of the United
States there will be no question on the subject.
It was a part of my purpose to read to you
from the books which lie before me some tes-
timony on this subject from very high officials,
but I am sure that I should only weary the
Senate by so doing. I am driven, therefore,
by my own convictions of duty to the Senate
to refrain from doing that, and shall content
myself with a few simple statements.
The Secretary of the Navy, in his last four
annual reports, has, in language as strong as
he could command, urged upon the Congress
of the United States the acceptance of League
Island. In his report at the first session of
the present Congress he states that work in
our navy-yards has been very much retarded
for want of room, and that especially in regard
to the yard at Philadelphia this fact was
true. And again in his report of this year lie
strongly urges upon the Congress of the Uni-
ted States the acceptance of League Island
and the removal of tlie present yard from Phil-
adelphia to the island. In addition to this, -it
has been examined by the Naval Committees
of both Houses of Congress for several succes-
sive sessions. The Naval Committee of the
House of Representatives visited the island
during the last session of Congress, and ! had
the honor to accompany them on that visit.
They returned from that visit in the very depth
of winter, on the 16th or 17th of February,
1866, and reported in favor of the acceptance
of League Island. The bill was presented to
the House of Representatives, and it passed
that body. It came to the Senate and was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. It
was reported back favorably. At the request
of the enemies of the bill during tho present
session it was taken from the table and recom-
mitted. The gentlemen opposed to the accept-
ance of League Island appeared day after day
before the committee and argued their case ;
and it was finally reported back again to the
Senate with the recommendation of the com-
mittee that the bill do pass.
I trust that in the discussion of this question
the point will be kept steadily in view that
neither tho Secretary of the Navy nor the
Congress of the United States, at any time dur-
ing the consideration of this subject, have pro-
posed the establishment of another navy-yard,
llie wants of the naval service require a more
extensive yard than any we now. have; but all
the recommendations of the Secretary of tho
Navy, and all the recommendations of the
Naval Committees of both Houses of Congress
have looked in the direction of removing the
Philadelphia navy-yard to a location which will
afford sufficient room to accomplish the pur-
pose desired by the Secretary of the Navy. I
suppose there would be no doubt as to thd
acceptance of League Island for these pur-
poses were it not that objections have been
.made to it by those who are interested in car-
rying this proposed naval station to a different
location.
I propose briefly to consider the objections
which have been urged against League Island,
anu to endeavor by the statements and docu-
ments in my possession to show that they have
no foundation in fact.
The distinguished chairman of the committee
