1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12BS
oil Naval Affairs has alluded to the fact that
in this discussion great weight has been at-
tempted to be givein to the fact that a scientific
commission appointed by the Navy Depart-
ment have reported against League Island. In
answer to that objection, I have simply to say
that that commission were divided on the
question as between New London and League
Island in reference to a general navy-yard;
but I submit'that the entire commission admit-
ted in their report, and I call the attention of
the gentleman from Connecticut to the fact,
and I propose to read from their report in sup-
port of my assertion that, so far as League
Island was concerned as a naval station for
iron-clads, the entire commission agree that it
possesses advantages over New London. I
propose to read to you now, Mr., President,
from the report of the majority of the commis-
sion as to the quality of water near tlio site,
whether fresh or salt, and its probable effect
upon the bottoms of iron vessels when laid up
for a length of time:
"The water of Now London is salt, which is un-
doubtedly injurious to the bottoms of iron vessels;
fresh water for laying up such vessels, when not
wanted for active service, can bo found a few miles
higher up theVivcr. Still this separation of the ves-
sels from the immediate supervision of the officers of
the yard would be inconvenient, and attended with
additional cost in the necessary precautions for their
protection and safe-keeping. This objection could
be obviated by providing means for takingsuch ves-
sels out of the water when not required for imme-
diate service.
" At League Island the water is fresh, and in this
respect the board is of the opinion that the advantage
is with League Island, so far as iron vessels are con-
cerned."
The minority of the commission use still
stronger language on this subject. They say :
"The water is perfectly fresh at League Island
at all periods of the tide, and under all its varia-
'tions and those of the winds. The site is there-
fore vastly superior to that at Winthrop's Point,
where the water is salt at all times, especially for
iron vessels. The bottom of an iron vessel fouled by
a sea voyage would bo cleaned, and perhaps the
grass be killed, by remaining at League Island an-
chorage. The fresh water at League Island has little
or no effect upon the iron of a vessel, while the salt
water of Winthrop's Point corrodes the material
more or less rapidly even when coated, and the coat-
ing itself is an expensive operation.
"The spray from salt water in storms is very inju-
rious to machinery near the sea-shore, and to this
the works at New London would be exposed, while
those at League Island would not."
The entire commission agree upon this point,
that if the question was simply one of estab-
lishing a naval station for iron vessels, the
fresh water (which is an indispensable requisite)
at League Island would give it a decided supe-
riority over New London.
The principal objection, however, which has
been made to League Island is the bold asser-
tion that it is a '' mud flatthat it is unfitted
for a naval station on account of the want of
proper foundations for the structures necessary
to be erected; that it is a marsh ; and the gen-
tleman from Connecticut intimated that some
of these days we might find it floating down
toward Cape May. Sir, I said at the com-
mencement of my remarks that I had been
familiar from my boyhood with this island; and
I have now to state here, in the presence of
the Senate of the United States, that for the
last forty years about two hundred and eighty
acres of this island have been under cultiva-
tion ; that at any period of the summer at which
you will go there you will find fields of grass,
fields of corn, fields of all the cereal produc-
tions growing upon this " mud flat," as it has
been called by the gentleman from Connec-
ticut. More than that, sir, upon this very
island there are now growing oaks eighteen
feet in circumference; which 1 have seen with
my own eyes and which I have measured for
myself.
Then, sir, as regards the lowness of League
Island, the desk at which I sit in my office
overlooks the Delaware river, and during the
past twenty years I have seen some very heavy
freshets upon that river, some of which have
submerged almost the entire wharf-front of
Philadelphia; and yet during the whole of
those twenty years there has never been a
single instance in which the water has risen
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. IS.
so high as to cover League Island. Not a
single freshet that has occurred within the last
forty years, since the embankment has been
made around the island, has been of sufficient
magnitude to submerge League Island.
There are on League Island seven or eight
houses; all, or nearly all of them have cellars
that are perfectly, dry. There are growing upon
this "mud flat," as it has been called, oaks
and button woods and maples cn immense size.
There are upon it stumps, the rings upon which
have been counted by gentlemen, showing them
to be three hundred years old. More than
that, in order to show the utter fallacy of this
argument, I beg to say that I have in my pos-
session a paper which clearly shows that League
Island was once a part of the main land ; and
I state here now, that the geological formation
of League Island is precisely the same as that
of the adjoining main land; that it is precisely
the same as that of the river front in the city
of Philadelphia; that it is precisely the same
formation as that upon which a portion of
the present navy-yard and its heavy structures
stand; that it is precisely the same soil as that
upon which the Pennsylvania Eailroad Com-
pany have recently erected an enormous ele-
vator capable of containing from eight hundred
thousand to one million bushels of grain, and
that all these structures have been mado with
only the ordinary care of laying foundations
which is adopted in all localities where you do
not build upon the solid rock.
I hold in my hand a statement—and I vouch
for its accuracy—by Mr. W. C. Bridges, taken
from the records, which proves that when the
deed was made for the island, February 10,
1784, it was shown to be a part of the main
land, and that the Back Channel of which so
much has already been said has probably been
worn within the last hundred years by the cur-
rents produced by the confluence of the two
rivers, the Delaware and the Schuylkill, run-
ning back of this island. I will read this state-
ment to the Senate:
"The first deed of conveyance from the Pennsyl-
vania Land Company was to Thomas Brown, dated
February 10,1764, of 'all that tract of land situate
within the county of Philadelphia, in tho Province
of Pennsylvania,' describing tho same as 'contain-
ing two hundred and sixty-two acres, bo_ tho same
more or less, bounded southward by the river Dela-
ware, westward partly by the said river, and partly
by the mouth of Hollander's creek; northward by a
certain inlet, and northeastward by a sand bar and
flats which join it to the said Greenwich Lands.'
" It will thus be seen that League Island was part
of the main Hind in 1764.
"I have the original deposition ofRichardRenshaw,
dated January 9,1764, wherein he affirms that he has
walked at lowwaterfrom tho main land at Greenwich
to League Island, and the bar connecting thom was
some six inches above the surface of the river.
" Mr. MeClure, in his report to tho city councils of
Philadelphia, in his survoy of a section of tho Dela-
ware river, states tho fact that the narrow channel
between League Island and the Pennsylvania shore
was shoaling constantly at the upper end, and that
he has seen it at very low water entirely bare. Mc-
Clure also states in his report that the depth of water,
at low water, opposite the Buttermilk tavern toward
tho Jersey shore, was as much as twenty-nine loot,
and opposite the south end of Leaguo Island as much
as thirty-seven feet.
" Commodore Stewart, in a letter to Charles Whar-
ton, dated January 7, 1837, says: 'The piers and
wharves that may bo erected at League Island will
constitute a valuable acquisition to that part of the
Delaware for securing our commerce from ieo in win-
ter and for accommodating any vessels with a good
harbor in all violent northerly and easterly gales,
which the present wharf-front of the city does not
afford.'"
These statements, made nearly a century
ago, show conclusively that League Island was
once part of the main land. This is further
proven by the fact that its geological forma-
tion, as shown by the borings made by an offi-
cer appointed at the request of the Navy De-
partment, by Professor Bache, is precisely the
same as that of the adjoining main land, pre-
cisely the same as that along the entire line
of the southerly river-front of Philadelphia.
In order that this point may be cleared up
as wc go along, I beg to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that as there was a dis-
pute in regard to the sufficiency of the founda-
tions of League Island, while this question was
receiving the attention of Congress, at the re-
quest of the Naval Committee of the Senate
and House of Representatives, Professor BacM
detailed one of his assistants inthe Coast Survey
service to make borings on the island in various
parts and to report the facts to him. I'hold
m my hand the report of Mr. George David-
son, who was the officer selected to do this
work. I shall not detain the Senate by read-
ing his report in detail, though it is exceed-
ingly interesting. I will quote a few extracts
therefrom, giving you' simply the conclusions
at which he arrives.. He says;
" There are growing upon the island within the em-
bankment eight fine oalcs, five maples, eight ash,'and
sixteen button-ball3, with possibly one or two hun-
dred large willows. I made measurements of sorooof
the troes, taken indiscriminately, with the fallowing
results: circunifcrenco of oaks, four feet above the
ground, 12i, 131,13J..16,18i, 134, 13 feet: circumfer-
ence of ash, four feet above the ground, 10}, 9., 10
feet; circumference of button-balls, four feet above
the ground, 8j, 4i, 7 3-5,10 4-5 feet; circumference of
maple, four foot above tho ground, 11-i foot.
With these facts before us, that there are now
growing on this island trees of this magnitude,
oaks eighteen feet in circumference, shown by
an examination to be two hundred years old,
that there are erected upon itrseven or eight
buildings with cellars, all of which are perfectly
dry, eighteen or twenty barns and other out-
houses for the protection of the cattle and the
accommodation of the crops raised upon the
island, is it to be imagined that we shall wake
up one of those mornings and find this "'mud
Hat" floating down toward Cape May? We
have been very familiar with it in Philadelphia
for many years. It has been a spot where some
of us have been accustomed on summer after-
noons to spend afewhours, enjoying the refresh-
ing breezes which come from the Delaware f
and we shall sadly miss it if, one of these days,
in our ride out Broad street we shall find that
this island has started afloat, and that it is
somewhere between Philadelphia and Cape
May.
Mr. President, it is just such attacks as these
upon League Island that have created all this
difficulty. It is these extravagant statements
in regard to it that have caused all tho trouble.
There is something on this subject behind,
which I cannot understand. There must be
something of interested motives in the gentle- "
men who year after year stand at the door of
Congress and oppose the acceptance of^eague
Island as a naval station.
But, sir, what further does Mr. Davidson say
on this subject? Recollect I am reading to
you now from a report of an officer appointed
by Professor Bache, at the request of the De-
partment, to examine and officially report on
this subject. He says:
"I cut into one of the oaks to determino approxi-
mately its age by tho rings, and estimated it one
hundred and sixty-two years old. At the same rate
of growth the largest oak would be one hundred and
ninety-two years."
Sir, this island has been anchored in its pres-
ent position for a great while ; and it will be re-
markably strange if, after having been anchored
long enough to grow these trees two or three
hundred years old, it shall take a notion one of
these days to start afloat and go down toward
Cape May. Again, Mr. Davidson says :
" There are upon tho island seven houses for res- .
idences, somo with stone foundations, seven large
barns, and about twenty cow-houses, out-buildings,
&o. Tho stacks of chimneys for the houses are buut
directly upon tho surface of tho soil, and oven tho
oldest is in good condition."
The conclusions to which this _ gentleman
arrives, having been specially detailed for the
purpose of examining this one point, the only
point upon which the Naval Committee of
either House have ever had any doubt in
regard to League Island, are as follows:
"The borings and examinations which 1 have this
day finished, and have herein described, establish
the following conclusions."
I shall be glad if Senators who have any
doubt on this subject of the solidity of the
foundation of League Island will listen to the
statements of an officer of repute^ and of
standing, selected by Professor Bache, one of
the purest men in official service in our coun-
try, to ascertain officially the facts and to report
them to the Congress of the United States—
" 1. That tho surfaeo soil averages about three and
