1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
treaties and laws, and not exceeding;" and in
line seventeen, after the word " space" to in-
sert for the publication of advertisements
so that the clause will read:
The compensation for which, and other terms of
publication, shall be fixed by said Clerk at a ratenot
exceeding two dollars per page for the publication of
treaties and laws, and not exceeding one dollar per
square of eight lines of space for the publication of
advertisements, the accounts for which shall be
adjusted. &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I now move to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
And le it further enacted, That the rates fixed in
section seven of this act to be paid for the publication
of tho treaties and laws of the United States in the
States designated in said sscction shall also bo^ paid
for the samo publications of all laws in all tho States
not therein designated.
Mr. JOHNSON. How is that?
Mr. ROSS. The effect of the bill as it now
stands, without the amendment that has just
been made, is to pay to each newspaper selected
in the ten States named the sum of about four
thousand dollars for the publication of the
treaties and laws; but with that amendment it
will cost the Government but one fourth of
that, or $1,000. In order to make the prices
paid by the Government to the papers in the
ten States named and the other States uniform,
I have offered this last amendment, which
increases the price paid by the Government
from one dollar to two dollars, the price now
fixed being actually less than the proprietors
of the newspapers pay for the setting of the
type. This increases it so that, on the whole,
taking the laws of the last session as the basis
for an estimate, these amendments will save to
the Government from sixty to seventy thousand
dollars for one session of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not distinctly
hear the Senator from Kansas ; but I suppose
he stated that this just doubles the expense of
publishing the laws and treaties in all the other
States. From what I have heard, I do not
suppose the pay is anything of any conse-
quence, but the papers in the different States
are not only very willing, but there is compe-
tition among them for the publication of these
laws and treaties, not so much because they
are paid for it according to ordinary rates as
because the fact of the publication of the laws,
&c., in their columns increases their circula-
tion, and is found advantageous in that way.
If the Senate choose to double the amount
paid in the other States, of course they will
adopt the amendment. I believe we now pay
a dollar a page.
Mr. ROSS. It is true that this amendment
increases the price for tliis service over the
price now paid ; but if the Senator's argument
is good for anything it would conclude us from
paying anything for the publication of these
laws in the southern States. As I explained
while up before, as this bill stood originally,
it paid to papers selected in these ten States
from eight to ten dollars a page, while at the
same time we are paying in the northern
States but one dollar a page. Now, I propose
to equalize this, to make it uniform, to pay
the papers in the North just what we pay the
papers in the South. I think that is fair. As
the bill stood originally, it certainly made a
very unjust discrimination against papers in
the North, the papers to which we owe so
much, in my judgment, for the support of the
Government in the late war.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire if
any arrangement has been made in regard to
a recess to-day? ["No."] I move, then,
that the Senate at half past four o'clock take
a recess 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the time for a
recess will not be fixed now, Decause I want to
get through with this bill if I can before a
recess is taken.
Mr. RAMSE1'. Very well; I shall not
press the motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "in the
States designated."
Mr. ROSS. I should object to that elimina-
tion, as in my judgment it would detract from
the sense of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As a part of the same
amendment, I will move also to strike out the \
words "in all the States not therein desig- '
nated" and insert the word " elsewhere ; " so
that, if amended, the amendment will read:
That the rates fixed in section seven of this act to
be paid for the publication of the treaties and laws
of the United States insaid section shall also bo paid
for the same publications elsewhere.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes five,
noes not counted.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment, as
an additional section, by instruction of the i
Cot imittee on Military Affairs and also of the
Committee on Naval Affairs: |
And be it further enacted. That the laws enacted by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress relating to tho Army, ■
Navy, and the Militia, and the Marino corps of the :
United States be published officially in the United '
States Army and Navy Journal at such rates as are
fixed by the Secretary of Stateforthe publication of
the laws of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
on page 27, section seven, line nine, by insert-
ing after the word " as " the words '' are or; "
so that it will read:
In which such treaties and laws of the United
States as are or may be ordered for publication in
newspapers according to law, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared the amendment agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if the effect of that will not be to
pay a dollar per square for eight lines for all
this advertising in all the States ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all. It is simply
intended to provide that the treaties and laws
that are now ordered to be published shall be
published, as well as those that may hereafter
be ordered to be printed. That is all the effect
that it has.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it not have
the same effect to have them published, whether
or no, in these southern States that have not
been published there heretofore?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand
that that will be the effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To have published in
the southern States all that have not been, as
a sort of a job. My friend does not under-
stand it so, but I do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is not my under-
standing.
Mr. HENDERSON. It would very likely
have that construction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might have that
construction. I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think it has or
could have that construction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the question
will be put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has put the question and declared the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the question
be put again.
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider the matter as reconsidered, if
theie be no objection, and put the question
again.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In the eleventh line of
the same section I move to strike out the
word "such" before the word "advertise-
ments," and after the word " advertisements"
to strike out the words "as may be ;" so that
it will read :
And in some one or more of which so selected all
advertisements ordered for publication, <fec., shall be
published.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same objection
exists to that. I hope these amendments will
not be made.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That for tho extension and
completion of the City Hall in the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, thero be appropriated
: $100,000, to be expended under the direction of tho
Secretary of the Interior upon such plan as he may
adopt; said work to be advertised by him for at least
thirty days before the letting in the principal news-
papers ol New York city, lioston, Philadelphia, Cin-
cinnati, Baltimore, and Washington. And for the
purpose of reimbursing the United States for part of
the cost of said extension and completion it shall be
tliodutyof tho proper authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, and they are hereby required to raise, by tax
or otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the United
States, at or before the completion of said work, the
sum of $40,000. And it shall be tho like duty of the
proper authorities of tho city of Georgetown, and they
i arc hereby required to raise, by tax or otherwise, and
pay into the Treasury of the United States, at or be-
fore the completion of said work, the sum of $5,000.
And it shall bo the like duty of the proper authorities
of the county of Washington, and they are hereby re-
! quired to raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay into tho
Treasury of the United States, at or before the com-
pletion of said work, the sum of $5,000;/which several
sums shall be deemed the fair proportion of the cost
of said work of each of said cities and the county of
Washington. And said cities and county are hereby
authorized and required to assess and levy upon tho
taxable property of said cities and said county of
Washington a tax sufficient to raise the amount so
by each city and said county required to be paid as
aforesaid.
I will state the facts in this case. This City
Hall, according to the original plan, is but
half completed. The proposition is now to
complete it, not exactly according to the old
plan, but finish it according to the plan which
I hold in my hand. The Committee on the
District of Columbia are moved to recommend
this, first upon a petition presented by the
judges of the District who represent that the
accommodations there are very inadequate,
and upon an inspection of the premises the
committee came to that conclusion themselves.
Their communication is sent to us by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who recommends it, and
that was accompanied by the plan which I hold
in my hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A very pretty plan.
Mr. MORRILL. It is an excellent plan.
This extension is undoubtedly necessary for
the accommodation of the courts of this Dis-
trict. It has been said to me, " What have we
to do with it ? Why do not the people of the
District of Columbia do this work for them-
selves?" That is a very pertinent inquiry;
but in all these matters the reply is, that the
Congress of the United States has borne pretty
much the expense of justice in this District
out of the Treasury. This building was erected
at the expense of the Government in part, and
is maintained at the expense of the Govern-
ment in part. 11 is a thing undoubtedly proper
in itself to be done. Whether the Committee
on Finance think it proper altogether to go
upon this particular bill is another question.
It is one of the things that we ought to do.
That building as it stands is incomplete, and
the accommodations there are inadequate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote
upon the proposition. My colleague hastnade
a good argument against it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After all of the white
people and all the Territories and all the
court-houses have been taken care of last of
all comes the poor Indian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We took care of him
on the Indian bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following
amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to make up
to the Chippewa Indians of the Mississippi river and
Lake Superior the difference in the value of coin and
currency in 1863 and 1854, in which latter funds tho
annuities of said Indians were paid to them instead
of coin, as per treaty stipulations, $32,812 50.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That same matter was
before the Committee on Finance, and carefully
examined and deliberately rejected. There is
no more reason why we should pay them that
than there is that wo should make a similar
