470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a year is at liberty to run to the President
with reference to his appointment, and from
the President to the Senate.. It cannot be
done, Then look at your internal revenue
officers. There are few of those officers, none
but the absolute heads of the various offices,
the assessors and collectors, whose nomina-
tions are submitted to the Senate. The minor
officers, assistant assessors, &c., generally re-
ceive more than $1,000 a year. If all these
officers are to be sent here for confirmation it
will create additional confusion.
I give these as instances; there are undoubt-
edly others which I cannot think of, and which
my friend has not thought of; and here it is
proposed at one dash to overturn this whole
system, because the President, in an unlucky
moment, said, or is said to have said, (and I
suppose he did say it,) that he would kick cer-
tain men out of office. I am not disposed to
overturn a system which has recommended
itself to the experience of the Government,
recommended itself to the most approved mode
of doing the business of the country for years,
with which no fault whatever has been found
in its practical operation, simply because at
this time we are in this "muss" with regard
to appointments. The danger is always in
such cases that we shall go too far, and that in
trying to do good we shall do infinite harm;
and that, I think, would be the result if we
should adopt the system which my friend from
Massachusetts recommends.
Allow me to say to him in all kindness and
in all respect that I do not think he has con-
sidered this matter, because he has not been
aware of the facts upon which the present
state of the law is founded; and I believe if
yon were to put him upon a committee to in-
vestigate it, and he should get at the facts as
they really stand, and examine the system as
it has operated with reference to the collection
of our revenues, he himself would be the first
man to say that he had come to a mistaken
opinion with reference to the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. What facts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The facts that I have
been stating. How could you dispose of the
thousands of men employed in the collection
of the internal revenue and the customs ?
Would you have all their names come here for
confirmation, every weigher and gauger, every
inspector, every revenue agent?
Mr. SUMNER. All that are now appointed
by the head of a Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would you have them
all go to the President and then come here for
confirmation? I do not want them to come
here. I think it would be a bad system. I
think we cannot carry it into the details of
these minor offices. What did the Constitution
mean when it gave to Congress the power to
vest the appointment of such inferior offices as
it saw fit in the heads of the Departments? It
meant that there must be from the nature of
the case, in a country like this, many instances
where you must leave the appointing power to
somebody else, where you cannot burden the
President with all these little appointments.
In a country as large as this is, and growing as
it is, increasing every day, and the number of
offices increasing continually, the thing would
become utterly impracticable. If it were at-
tempted we might resolve ourselves into a
Senate in perpetual session to consider mere
questions of nominations to office, and we
should be obliged to do so. It would be utterly
impossible that we could arrive at any cor-
rect conclusion with the thousands of other
matters we have to attend to. I think, there-
fore, we had better "let well enough alone,"
and not because we happen just at this moment
to be in the condition we are with reference
to questions of appointments to office, travel
beyond what the necessity of the case requires.
A word now, sir, upon the general subject.
I have not been able to give my attention to
the details of the bill, because I have been
necessarily out of the Senate while the bill has
been under consideration ; but with reference
to the bill itself I have the impression that we I
January 15,
ought to confine ourselves to what is necessary
in order to protect the constitutionalrights of
the Senate, and not allow ourselves to be car-
ried away by our rightful and proper impres-
sions with regard to that one point, to take
action upon collateral issues and collateral
matters, which would look as if they were
sought out merely for the purpose of embar-
rassment, would have that appearance at any
rate to the country, and would eventuate in
embarrassing ourselves and those who are to.
come after us by going a great deal too far.
As I said before, I do not think I should
have been in favor of passing any law upon
this subject had it not been that it is manifest
to me that the time has come (as I gave no-
tice at the last session it might come) when it
is perfectly evident a doctrine prevails which
is utterly subversive of the constitutional rights
of the Senate. The Senate is bound to pro-
tect itself if it can, and if it cannot Congress is
bound to protect its coordinate branch and the
constitutional rights of its coordinate branch.
As I stated the other day, here is a plain, pal-
pable case; and it is said that the present
Attorney General has given an opinion that
the President had a perfect right to nominate
a man to the Senate, and if the Senate rejected
him to wait until the Senate adjourned and
then appoint him again, and so on from ses-
sion to session until at last we should be made
a mere cipher, a nobody in the Government.
If the present Attorney General has given
any such opinion, so much the more necessary
is it for us to protect ourselves. If the Presi-
dent in his action—I am sorry he has taken
the action—has seen fit to proceed upon such
an opinion and to treat the Senate with that
which I must call discourtesy, disregard of its
constitutional rights, by reappointing men after
they had been rejected by the Senate to the
same offices, the moment the Senate had ad-
journed, it is time for us to exert such power
as we may have in order to protect ourselves—
not ourselves individually, but to protect the
body of which we are members in the exercise
of its constitutional rights. Inasmuch as this
opinion has been given and this action has been
taken, I am disposed to test it; and I am ready
to go just so far as is necessary to accomplish
that end; but I am not willing, because I think
it unwise, to go farther and to take occasion
from that circumstance to put restrictions upon
the power of the Executive that we may find
it afterward difficult to justify, or to take oc-
casion to overturn the settled practice of the
Government under existing laws which has
been useful, and of which there has been no
complaint, and of which there is no complaint
to this day. I should regret very much if any-
thing of the kind should be done; and I am
therefore opposed utterly to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of the Senator from Maine, he will pardon
me, proceeds upon an exaggeration. It is
very easy to answer an argument when you
begin by exaggerating the consequences from
that argument. Now, sir, the Senator warns
us against my proposition, because he says it
would impose so much business upon the Sen-
ate. Is that true? He reminds us of the
number of appointments that we should be
obliged to act upon in the internal revenue
department. How many? The assistant as-
sessors. Whatothers? Those eat) be counted.
Mr. CRAGIN. Inspectors under the inter-
nal revenue laws.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; inspectors also;
those can all be counted. He then reminds
us of the officers in the custom-houses, who
would be brought to the Senate. They can
all be counted. It would not act on the clerks
in the custom-houses ; it acts only, if at all,
on the officers of the custom-houses, officers
in a certain sense superior, some of them with
very considerable responsibility. They can
all be counted. It is very easy to say that we
shall be obliged to deal with many thousands,
but f say, nevertheless, they can all be counted.
But, let me ask, are we not obliged to deal
with many thousands of postmasters, and still
further are we not obliged to deal with many
thousands of officers in the Army? How have
we carried this great war along? The Senate
has acted always upon all the nominations of
the Executive for the Army of the United
States, beginning with the general and ending
with a second lieutenant. Every one of them
comcs before the Senate, and what is the con-
sequence? The Executive has a direct respon-
sibility to the Senate with regard to every ap-
pointment that it makes in the Army of the
United States from a general down to a second
lieutenant. And are you disposed to renounce
that responsibility because it brings into this
Chamber many thousand nominations, if you
please, to act upon? These officers that I now
wish to bring into the Chamber for you to act
upon, some of them you may consider as sec-
ond lieutenants in the civil service of the coun-
try ; others-as first lieutenants; others as cap-
tains, if you please. And now, why should
we act upon them?
Having answered the argument which I have
called the argument of exaggeration, now why
should we act upon these? The Senator says
we had better follow the received system. One
of the finest sentiments that has fallen from
one of the most gifted of our fellow-country-
men was that verse in which he says:
"Now occasions teach new duties."
We have a new occasion now teaching a new
duty. That new occasion is the misconduct
of the Executive of the United States, and the
new duty which this occasion teaches is, that
Congress should exercise all its powers in throw-
ing a shield over our fellow-citizens. We see
that the Executive is determined to continue
this warfare upon the incumbents of office:
shall we notifpossibleprotectthem? Isaythat
it is our duty growing out of this hour. It may
not be our duty next year, or four years from
now, as it was not our duty last year or four
years back. But because it may not be our
duty next year, and was not our duty last year,
it does not follow that it is not our duty now.
Let us act in the present according to the ex-
igency of this moment; andifthereisanabuse,
as no one will hesitate I think to admit, let us
meet it carefully, considerately, and bravely.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to say a
word.
Mr. HOWARD. Take to-morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to offer a reso-
lution pertinent to the present inquiry. If its
consideration be objected to, of course I shall
not call it up until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw the motion ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I must insist on
my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word
in reply to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWARD. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if the Senator from Maine will renew it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall renew it unless
the Senator from Massachusetts wishes to reply
to me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator with-
draw his motion that I may offer a resolution
of inquiry?
Mr. HOWARD. There seems to be a great
deal of distress. [Laughter.] I think I had
better withdraw my motion. I feel kindly to
the honorable Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tho Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of the Interior, the Attorney General, and
the Postmaster General bo directed to inform the
Senate what number of removals from office and ap-
pointments to office were made in their respective
Departments from March 4, 1861, to March 4,1865,
and the dates of said removals and appointments,
and the names of said appointees and their location.
Several Sexators objected to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, in remarking that my argument on
a particular point was one of exaggeration, did
