1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
a half feet in thickness over the whole island; that
it is a stiff, yellowish, clayey material, easily out
when wet, and very hard when dry."
This is the "mud flat," the "ooze," that
gentlemen are describing, of whiqh this island
is composed. Even its alluvium, the surface
soil, is composed of stiff, hard clay. Does
that look like its being a "mud flat," a deposit
made here by the two rivers ? No, sir; I assert
that it is a part of the main land, and that the
back channel has been made during the last
one or two hundred years by the action of the
current at the confluence of these two rivers,
the Schuylkill and the Delaware, and it is
proven from the fact that its geological forma-
tion is precisely the same as that of the main
land. And further, Mr. Davidson says:
"2. That beneath this surface soil there is a stratum
of very fine sand, laminated in places with dark
clayey matter. Where this lamination exists there
is an average of twelve layers of each to the inch.
This fine sand stratum reaches an average depth of
about twenty-five or twenty-six feet over two thirds
of the embanked part of theisland. At the extreme
eastern and narrow end of the island it is about forty-
five foet in thiokucss.
"This slratum% not water bearinpr, although water
is formed near the surface under the clayey soil. It
is damp arid compact.
"3. That beneath the fine sand stratum lies the
coarse sand, gravel, and boulder stratum, which was
passed through at No. 2 to the coarse sand stratum.
"4. That with such material it is not necessary to
uso any piling for such machine-shops and machinery
as abound in Philadelphia, nor formaohino-shops or
buildings of tho heaviest description."
I call tho attention of the Senate to the fact
that an officer of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, specially appointed to examine this
subject of the sufficiency of the foundations of
League lsland; and who spent a month upon
the island, boring to the depth of fifty or sixty
feet, reports to his chief, and his chief reports
to the Navy Department, and that comes to
Congress, that with such material as he has
found there, from actual observation and bor-
ing in various parts of the island, the soil is
adapted, even without piling, to the heaviest
structures that may bo required there, with a
single exception, which I will read:
"That propor foundations maybe laid, on an aver-
age, about six foet below the surface of tho fine
sand stratum. That for the hoaviest trip-hammers,
for tho heaviest trains of rolls, and for launching-
ways, it may be necessary to drive piling to tho
stratum ol'saml, (travel, and boulders. This opinion,
111 my mind, amounts to conviotion."
Mr. President, having given you the opinion
of an oilicer specialty appointed by tho Gov-
ernment to examine this point and to report
upon it; having made my own assertion here
that League Island was originally a part of the
main land, that it is not a reclaimed marsh,
that it is simply low land, such as is found on the
borders of most tidal rivers, especially in the
middle^ States; that it is precisely the same
kind of ground upon which your present navy-
yard stands, and precisely the same kind of
ground upon which the extensive buildings and
wharf structures of Philadelphia are placed on
the river front, I propose now to bring another
witness into this case, one who has been quoted
by the gentleman from Connecticut, and is
quoted by the opponents of this measure in
their pamphlets, and spoken of as high author-
ityIt would afford me pleasure to read the
entire letter which he has addressed to me;
but I propose only to give to the Senate just
80 "u!cl1 as bears upon the subject of the
sufficiency of the foundations of League Island.
I read from a letter addressed to me by Strick-
i i ■ eMS't'10 sarteyv ''ie city of Phila-
delphia, a gentleman of the engineering pro-
fession, and of exceedingly high standing in his
profession,  
tho r:verfrom 'he island
V,rv® b,jtt<M: testimony than mine
could bt, or any I should present. As to the diffi-
culty ol Greeting any structures that might be re-
quired tor the purposes of a naval depot, I have
nover i;uii aujrnt that could bo construed as eon-
• - - —. — - —orcven graving-
docks should 7iot bo constructed with all confidence
as to secure foundation. The borings made under
the direction of the Government give satisfactory
evidence for my assertion, and much experience in
the use of piling and crib work confirms it.
Irrespective of this outer front, there is what is
termed the Back Channel, which, with League Island
as a navy-yard, would be most admirably adapted
for the condition of a basin for vessels lying in ordi-
nary or even preparing for sea, or from which to
branch dry or graving docks, the size of which, tak-
ing the present bank of the island and the shore as
the limit, would be two miles long and near a quarter
of a mile wide. «
"In preparing this for a basin it would be necessary
to build a timber cribbing across it, and a lock-gate
at each end, and then excavate the material to such
depth as would be requisite for the draft of our naval
vessels. Out of fhis could be excavated sufficient
material to fill the entire surface of the island to such
elevation as would be desired, so that the very con-
struction of this grand basin would give material for
filling: the island. As to the quality of this material
for such purposes of filling, I can say that I have con-
structed a number of wharves upon the Delaware
front, and find that this material, as thrown upon the
new wharf by tho dredging'inacnine, in a very short
time drains out and becomes a most admirable wharf
surface, hard and compact. The large proportion
of. sand contained in the material on our river flats
facilitates very greatly its being rapidly freed from
the water; and oncefree, the permanency of the river
banks shows its quality to resist the percolation of
water when moved from its natural bed and made
into a compact embankment,
"The filling of tho island I should estimate to cost
about thirty cents per cubic yard upon so large a
piece of work, therefore as it would requireone thou-
sand six hundred and twenty cubic yards to raise an
acre of area one foot in elevation, we can compute
the cost for raising an acre six feet at $2,916; as to
the cost of piling, it cannot be estimated per acre, as
the piles would be placed only where it would be
requisite to support the weight under tho lines of
walls, or under the bed-plates of machinery, a fair
estimate would be six dollars each, or say for a
building covering an acre seven hundred and twen-
ty-six by sixty, the furnishing and driving eight hun-
dred and forty piles would be $5,040. These prices I
give you as upon work of similar character completed
lately under my supervision.
44 As to the distance from th e built-up portions of the
city, I find that upon Broad street, which is rapidly
becoming a most noble thoroughfare, straight as an
arrow and twelve miles long, the buildings are now
within two miles of the island, with a passenger rail-
way at Washington avenue, ready to extend their
line to tho river so soon as the favorable "action of
Congress is obtained.''
I beg you to remember, Mr. President.,, that
I am reading now a letter from the gentleman
who has been quoted by the gentleman from
Connecticut as adverse to League Island as a
naval station, a gentleman admitted to be of
high authority by the opponents of this meas-
ure in the pamphlets "which are before us.
He concludes by saying;
"Its applicability for a navy-yard, so far as any
required erections are concerned* I have personally
no hesitation in approving; and as to its general fit-
ness the remark made by his honor the Secretary of
the Navy in my presence, that England would give
4 the whole of Canada to secure such a lopation for
her naval depot.' is most convincing.
141 attach a map to show tho position of the island
and the Back Channel basin, relative to the city im-
provement.
" Respectfully submitted,
"STRICKLAND KNEASS,
Chief Engineer and Surveyor, City of Philadelphia."
While I am upon this point in reference to
the adaptability of League Island for a naval
station, 1 hold in my hand a letter from Com-
modore Turner, who was in command of the
iron-clads at this station for over a year, which
I will read;
Philadelphia, February 6,1867.
My dear Sir: Asthe question of the acceptance of
League Island by tho Government will soon, I pre-
sume, como up, I have thought a letter from myself,
the officer commanding that station, to one of the
delegates from this city, illustrating its adaptability
to all the purposes of a great naval arsenal and build-
ing yard, would not be out of place or without effect.
Iclaim to know as much about its capacity, facilities,
and advantages as any one, as my service thero has
not only made me familiar with every feature of it,
but I have been employed by the Government upon
tho very same sort of soil only a mile distant for
several yeaxs, Greeting the public buildings of maga-
zine, shell-house and o.ut-houses which stand upon
the grounds of Fort Mifflin at present, where I piled
and filled in wherever it was nccessary.
In case of a transferof this yard to League Island,
the necessity of Navyofficers connected with it, resid-
ing there at much personal inconvenience, would
naturally prejudice them against it, and so far as my
personal connection with it at present is concerned I
should very much prefer going to sea. Therefore, I
claim the utmost disinterestedness in stating my deep-
rooted conviction that it would be a fatal error to
allowsuch an opportunity to escapeof receiving as a
munificent gift a spot abounding in every advantage
that could commend it to the public favor for such a
place as wo so much need at this moment for thecon-1
struction of first-class iron vessels.
There are only three objections that its most bitter
opponents have been able to urge against it, namely:
itsunhealthiness, the fear of beingice-bound, andtho
depression of the island below average tide. I shaft I
of them successively. j
1. Its unhealthfulness, which is simply ridiculous,
because the Philadelphia yard was subject to the same
objections originally, of being surrounded by low
swampy lands, is now as healthy as any one of our
naval stations, made so, by the same process as would
obtain at League Island, by drainage, reclaiming the
land, and populating the district.
2. Interruption to navigation by ice, to which it
may be answered' that the same objection would be
applicable to New York or Boston, when the ice
forms so solidly as to make it at times both danger-
ous and impracticable to attempt to go in or out,
and I may add that I have rarely known an occa-
sion, even during our most severe winters here, that
a vessel was detained more than a few days. Our
tug-boats that were prepared for it have been going
up and down this river during nearly the whole of
the winter, which has been a very severe one, and
the vessels of the fleet moored on the Delaware side
of League Island, where the water is deep and the
tide rapid, have retained their places without injury
and even without a pier to protect them. "Upon this
point thcro is less to apprehend than at the Phila-
delphia yard, as the Horse Shoe, where the ice ftorms
more than in any part of the river below, is abovo
League Island, and the channel below always less
obstructed than above.
3. The character of the soil of League Island and
the depresssion of the surface below mean tides ne-
cessitating piling under heavy structures and filling
in where a dry surface was required, to which it may
be answered that almost at every one of our navy-
yards piling has to be done more or less in certain
localities to gain a substantial foundation. It would
be necessary at League Island wherever it was pro-
posed to erect massive buildings, anji j©f course only
then. There would be no necessity whatever of
elevating the surface anywhere excepting only where
roads are to be mado and buildings were to be
erected. If I remember correctly, I raised the
ground at Fort Mifflin on tho magazine lot a little
over two feet by filling in, after which the surface
was as dry as any upl and..
The banks around League Island of solid earth on
the Delaware side, strengthened at particular points
by a wall of revetment, kept in order by the owners
of the property, have given a* proper protection to
theisland. This objection I consider of minor ac-
count, and I do not know that it might not in some
respects bo claimed ever as an advantage, in building
docks for ships and reservoirs for timber, that less
earth would have to be removed and water carried
through the island for various purposes with less ex-
pense and greater facility, although the Back Chan-*
nel of itself affords an immense accommodation to
purposes of that nature. I shall conclude this long
letter by simply enumerating some of the advantages
of League Island (as drawn from the report of the
last board, of which Admiral Davis was president)
for a great navy-yard, especially for the construction
of iron vessels.
1. Fresh water so necessary for their preservation.
2. Depth of water a t the foot of Broad street, on the
Delaware, nearly thirty feet at high water, whilethe
"Back Channel is sixteen feet at high water, which
could be dredged out to gravel twelve feet deeper.
3. Proximity to a large city, whence supplies, mate-
rials, and labor could be obtained so readily.
4. Remoteness from the sea, inaccessibility to our
enemy. ^
5. Facilities of obtaining iron and coal so near the
coal and iron regions.
6. Isolated entirely from the surrounding country,
inland. Tho Government by tho proposed charter of
presentation having the entire right to the western
bank of the Back Channel.
7. And lastly, adonation or gift without reservation,
costing nothing, and possessing everything almost
that could be desired, if we had the power to com-
mand and to assemble in one spot the requisites to
authorizeits purchase.
These, sir, are some of the considerations which it
seems to me must force themselves upon the mind
of any impartial intelligent person who examinesthe
subject in favor of secuiing this place while it can bo
had. I have read with pain and surprise several
articles in the New York papers, written, I suppose,
by interested persons, intended to mislead thepublic
and to prejudice theisland, some of them too silly to
notice. I am sure there is not a representative in
Congress who has the good and glory of his country
at heart that would not, if he fully understood the
subject, at once give his support to it. We areagrcat
people, great ii\,all tho elements which make great
nations, in education, wealth, enterprise, ingenuity,
energy, intelligence, love of freedom and independ-
ence, proud of our place among the nations of the
world, and determined to maintain it at every haz-
ard and cost, as we have lately shown, and we must
keep ourselves in a position and condition to assert
our rights and to defend them, and for this purpose
we must look to our defenses, to our armaments, to
the material to construct them, and to some capacious
appropriate locality adequate to our wants, combin-
ing all the requisites to enable us to develop our
energy and ingenuity in that direction.
Franco and Groat Britain are making immense
strides toward the construction of a powerful iron
fleet. W e should keep pace with them, at least to the
extent of being able to guard our coasts and ports
with a class of vessels that would defy them, and
nothing is more necessary at this moment, in view
of the wants of the country, than just such a place as
.League Island. 1 trust no sectional feeling in Con-
gress will embarrass theconsideration of this subject.
Itis, m my judgment, of such vital importance at
tuis particular moment, from various considerations,
that 1 hope it will receive the eailiest attention of
Congress. I haveno interest whatever in the accept-
ance of League Island beyond that which must ani-
mate every lover of his country, namely, to secure to
