1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
not choose to take notice of the part of the
argument which I consider of very much more
importance than that which he did answer. I
observed incidentally that I thought it would
be very inconvenient for us to have these thou-
sands of minor officers come here to be acted
upon. That was the only part of the argument
which the Senator thought fit to notice. Bat,
sir, there was something beyond that which I
called his attention to, and that is the infinite
trouble and confusion it would make even with
the President if he was obliged to maki all
these nominations, and the want of proper
information that he would have. The proper
information now comes from the head of the
office where the officer is to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who is at the head of the Depart-
ment and responsible for what is done in the
Department. There is the distinction, and it
is a pretty important one ; and I put that upon
the ground that it was better so, infinitely bet-
ter so, as a matter of practice, than it would be
if these men were to come necessarily to the
President and next to the Senate; that the sys-
tem is not so good a one; that the present sys-
tem is one which was decided upon after proper
consideration, and has been in existence from
the foundation of the Government, and has been
found to work well in practice.
Because we happen to have a President at
the present time who is not doing what we
think to be right in reference to this matter,
is it worth while for us to change this system
which has been found so good and beneficial
for so many years ? The present President, if
the Senator finds fault with him, cannot live
forever, cannot be President forever, unless the
people choose to reelect him from time to time.
A change will come in the natural order of
things, and then when we get a President to
suit us I suppose the Senator would be for
putting things back again and taking away this
power. We should look rather small and tri-
fling to do anything of that kind. Therefore I
repeat what I said: let us do what is necessary,
under the contingency, to protect the position
and the constitutional rights of the Senate itself
with reference to appointments, and not run
the thing into the ground by taking every pos-
sible power out of the hands of, not of the
President, for it is not in his hands now, but
out of the hands of the heads of Departments,
and taking everything to ourselves to act upon.
Sir, I do not think it would be wise; and the
Senator will allow me to say that if he consid-
ers my argument one of exaggeration I con-
sider his one of declamation, and exaggeration
. is certainly as good as declamation for an argu-
ment, in the Senate at any rate.
There is a reason which is applicable to offi-
cers of the Army which is not applicable to
these officers. They take their offices for life.
Those appointments exist as long as they be-
i well. It is a very different thing from
have ■
these little appointments in the civil service,
which are held only for two or three years,
more or less. That is a matter that is depend-
ent on something else.
Mr. SUMNER. As I do not wish to revive
this discussion to-morrow and the Senator from
Maine may not be in his seat 
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. T have only one word to
say. I wish to say that I intended to answer
his argument fully and frankly. I thought that
I had done it. He thinks that I did .not do it
because I did not take into consideration the
superiority of the present system and the in-
convenience that would result to the President
and the appointing power generally by "having
to act upon all these nominations. I think that
I did take that into consideration. 1 intended
to, because it seems to me that it is answered
by all that I undertook to say when I was up
before. I did not undertake to express any
opinion on the system as a system for the time
past, nor did I on the system as a system for
the future. I spoke of what we ought to do at
the present moment. And as the Senator from
Maine suggests thatbecaose we are in embar-
rassed relations with the Executive, because
there is what he calls a "muss" with regard to
executive appointments, therefore we should
not undertake to act by legislation for the
future, let me say that I propose to act simply
for the present. I wish to meet the present
exigency: and when to-morrow comes, if hap-
pily we see a clearer sky, I shall then hearken
gladly to the Senator from Maine and follow
him in sustaining the old system; but mean-
while I think the old system has ceased to be
applicable. It does not meet the case. It was
good enough when we had a President who
was in harmony with thi3 Chamber; but it is
not good enough now. We owe it therefore to
ourselves and to those who look to us for pro-
tection to apply the remedy.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The laotion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. *
Tuesday, January 15, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
improvement of st. clair flats.
Mr. SPALDING,, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to take into consideration, with as little
delay as possible, the proposed improvement of the
St. Clair Flats, in the State of Michigan, by means of
a new channel or a canal: and if the said committee
deem the construction of the same expedient, that
they make report to this House with a bill or joint
resolution containing a specific appropriation of a
sufficient sum of money to defray the expense of the
work.
capture of jefferson' davis.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations,
to whom was referred the bill to authorize the pay-
ment of the reward offered by. the President for the
capture of Jefferson Davis, be instructed to ascertain
and report to this House the facts connected with
said capture, and the connection of the fourth Mich-
igan and first Wisconsin cavalry regiments there-
with, if any, together with the evidence taken in the
ease, and that in the prosecution of said investigation
the said committee shall have power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this a resolution of in-
struction or one of inquiry ?
Mr. BLAINE. Let it be read again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not object to the
resolution provided it refers this matter to the
Committee of Claims, to whom this subject was
originally referred.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to that,
and will modify the resolution in that way.
There being no objection to the resolution as
modified, it was received and agreed to.
maryland election.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, which will be explained by
the following preamble and resolution which
I now offer:
"Whereas by the constitution and laws of the State
of Maryland'persons who were disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or gave aid and en-
couragement to the reeeat rebellion are deprived of
the elective franchise; and whereas it is alleged that
at the last election in the State of Maryland larsre
numbers of the persons disqualified as aforesaid did
vote for Representatives in the Fortieth Congress
and other officers; and whereas it is further alleged
that armed forces of the United States were ordered
by Federal authority to, and did, cooperate with the
Executive of the State of Maryland and others who
were engaged with him in overriding the constitution
and laws aforesaid, and in securing the voteof rebels
and persons disqualified as aforesaid, and whereby
loyal and qualified voters of Maryland were deterred
from the free exercise of the elective franchise and
from resisting and preventing the violation of the
constitution and laws aforesaid: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections shall
inquire into and report whether the constitution and
laws have been violated as aforesaid, and whether
the President or any one under his command has'in
any maimer interfered with the said elceUou, or
has in any way used or threatened to use the nnlitary
powor of the nation with reference to the said elec-
tion, and tf so, whether it was npon fhe requisition
of the Governor of Maryland; and the committee
shall have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that this resolution is hot of
such a nature as entitles the gentleman from
New York to offer it as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution related
to the election of members to this Congress it
would be a matter of privilege; but as it re-
lates to the election of members of the next
Congress it is not a question of privilege.
Mr. WARD, of Hew York. Then I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following reso-
lution.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
TAX ON CIGAES.
4*
Mr. DEMINGr, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, ana agreed to:
Resolved by ihe Home of Representatives^ That th«
Committee of Ways and Means be .requested to in-
quire into the expediency of repealing the ad valorem
tax on domestic cigars, and of reducing the specific
tax to a uniform rate of five dollars per thousand.
indian slavery in new mexico, etc.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following'preamble and resolution j
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is currently reported that " the sum of
all villainies" is still being perpetrated by trading in
human flesh in the purchase and sale of Indians in
the Territories of the United States known as New
Mexico and Colorado: Therefore,
JBe it resolved.-Hhat the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be, and they are hereby, instructed diligently
and promptly to inquire into the truth of said repre-
sentations, and report to this House at an early day
what congressional action, if any, is necessary to se-
cure to every person within the national jurisdiction
protection, liberty, and equality before thelaw.with-
out distinction of race, color, or sex.
dakota and montana wagon-road.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the construction
of a wagon-road for military and postal pur'
poses through the Territories of Dakota and
Montana; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
st. claijt flats improvement.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent. submitted the following resolution 5 which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the report of Brevet
Brigadier General T. J. Craw of survey and estimates
for the improvement of thech&nnel over the St. Clair
Flats made during the fall of 1866, and all other re-
ports of surveys and estimates for improvement of
navigation on the great lakes and their connecting
rivers made during that year.
colonel ii. j. facn.
Mr. GARFIELD asked and obtained leave
for Colonel H. J. Fach to withdraw^ from the
files of the House the papers in relation to his
claim, first making and leaving copies of the
same.
government offices in bridgeport.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of an
appropriation for the purpose of the construction of
a suitable building in the city of Bridgeport, in tho
State of Connecticut, for the better and cheaper con-
venience of the government offices required to bo
executed in that growing and prosperous city.
drawback os domestic manufactures.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, also submitted the" following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to send to this House a full copy of ail the
rules and regulations that have been adopted under
his direction prescribing what acts shall be done ana
what evidence shall be furnished by exporters ofartiT
cles of American manufacture to entitle them to the
allowance of drawback provided for by the two hun-
dred and ninety-seventh seetion of the internal
revenue uH.
UOLD in hiuw" voflk sub-oteasury.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
