1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
it a place to build up and lay up very large fleets,
which, for such a purpose, cannot be surpassed, if
equaled, by any other locality in thelength or breadth
oi the land.
Thehonorable Secretary of the Navy urges it; the
Assistant Secretary, who has critically examined the
ground, and who, from his professional knowledge is
well qualified to judge, urges it. Xhe board which
was organized in July last to oonsider and report
upon it emphatically indorsed its acceptance without
hesitation or reservation; and it would be a sad re-
flection to be entailed upon us years hence that pri-
vate and political interests or prejudiceshad snatched
such a precious prize from the possession of the Gen-
eral Government.
I certify that the abovo is a true copy of a letter
addressed by me to one of. the Representatives in
Congress from this city during the time I was com-
manding at League Island, about
Commodore, United States JSavy.
Commodore Turner was in charge of the
iron-clads at League Island for a long time,
and he had perhaps as good opportunities of
coming to a proper conclusion in regard to this
subject as any other person in the land.
Then in regard to the adaptability of League
Island for a naval station, as regards its soil
being fitted for the foundations of the proper
structures, I have only to say that we have first
its selection by Chief Engineer Wood and As-
sistant Secretary Fox, and their indorsement
followed by the indorsement of the Secretary
of the Navy; and it will be remembered that
the Secretary of the Navy comes in contact
constantly with all the prominent officers con-
nected with the naval service, and that this
has been a prominent subject of conversation
among naval gentlemen for years. If he had
been in error, it would have been corrected
long ago by his contact with those officers.
We have next a report in favor of League Isl-
and, bearing upon this very point by Professor
Bach6, one of the most eminent scientific men
in the country, and who from the particular
line of his profession is peculiarly qualified to
form a correct judgment on this subject, and his
report is concurred in by Commodore Marston.
In addition to all this, we have the indorse-
ment of a fresh board, of which Admiral Davis
was chairman, who examined League Island
and reported favorably ; and we have .a favor-
able report from the House Committee on
Naval Affairs, who were personally present and
examined the island for themselves: Then we
have a report of the chairman of the Naval
Committee of the Senate, who tells you that
he has been three or four times upon the island
and made personal examinations which has fully
satisfied him.
I submit that when you add to all this such
testimony as that which comes from Commo-
dore Turner, and when you add to it the testi-
mony which I have read from the first engineer
of the city of Philadelphia, these extravagant
assertions which are constantly being made in
the Senate, that the foundations of League Isl-
and are insufficient for the establishment of a
naval station, ought to cease. I repeat that the
island was originally a part of the main land,
that the borings under the supervision of the
officer appointed for that special purpose show
that it has precisely the same geological forma-
tion as the adjoining main land. We have also
the positive statement of this officer,^ after a
thorough examination, that its foundations are
firm and sufficient for all purposes of a naval
station, and his statement on this point is fully
indorsed by Professor Bache, his chief. And
I submit that it is quite time that these extrav-
agant declarations, that the island is but a
" mud flat," which some day or other may be
found floating down the river on its way to Oape
May, should be stopped. .
I have before me, but I shall not detain the
Senate by reading them, statements from some
of the first engineers in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, who expressly declare that the founda-
tions at League Island are precisely such as
are wanted for the purpose in view, and that
pilin" will only be necessary in instances where
the very heaviest structures, such as those for
heavy trip-hammers, are required ; and they
further say that when you seek a foundation
for such heavy structures, precisely the sod that
you have upon League Island, after you pile it,
is just the foundation required for such struct-
ures, and that granite or rook is not desirable
as a foundation for such structures.
I have before me abundant data, which if I
had time I would present to the Senate, show-
ing that the lowness of League Island, instead
of being an objection, is really an advantage.
As has been stated by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that the necessary
excavations for your docks and the necessary
excavations for widening and deepening the
Back Channel, in order to make it one of the
finest harbors for naval vessels to be found in
the world, will produce material enough to fill
up the island, and it will be absolutely con-
venient and economical to have a near dump-
ing-place for the material; and besides, it will
be the very best material that can possibly
be found for filling up. I know it has been
stated that this material is ooze; but I am sure
if any gentleman will take the trouble of
examining the report made by Mr. Davidson
of his borings, ho will be convinced that such
is not the fact, and that the very soil which is
deposited by the eddy which has been formed
here by the confluence of these two rivers is
absolutely a clay soil, and this fact has been
stated over and over again by gentlemen who
are conversant with the subject.
There is another objection to League Island
which the Senator from Connecticut has dwelt
largely upon, and that is, its distance from the
sea. In my opinion that, instead of being an
objection, is a decided advantage. _ We cannot
afi'ord to have a naval station of this magnitude
very near to the sea-coast. On this ijoint per-
il aps it is better not to state opinions of my own,
but to give you high naval authority, and I
therefore beg leave to read to the Senate a
letter from Admiral Porter :
Washington, IX C., June 6,1866.
Dear Sir : Someone is quoting uipos being opposed
to the location of a navy-yard at League Island, i
take the liberty of stating to you that tins is no t bo.
I have always been in tavor of League Island. 1
consider the present navy-yard at Philadelphia a
reproach to the country. Wo have not asmalo navy-
yard that meets th e requirements of the Navyv bomo
persons object to League Island owing to llsuiatance
from the sea. That is its ehicf merit; it is away from
the attacks of an enemy. 1 hope that Congress will
give us one decent navy-yard, and it can be don© at
League Island.
I remain, respectfully, wrs^ D_ p0RTEK
Hear Admiral.
League Island is distant seventy miles from
the sea; and in regard to thedopth of the
water I have only to say that ships of as great
depth of water can be brought into the harbor
of Philadelphia without difficulty as can he
taken into New York. There is a depth of
twenty-five feet of water, which is sufficient for
the largest class of vessels belonging to our
Navy. Vessels of the largest size have been
built at the Philadelphia navy-yard, and, until
the removal of that yard to League Island has
been talked of, there never has been a question
suggested or a doubt entertained as to there
being the necessary depth of water in the Dela-
ware. I submit, then, that there is no objection
to League Island upon this point.
One other objection which is urged is^the
obstruction which is caused by ice. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut, in the course of his
remarks, stated that for weeks and weeks dur-
ing the present winter the navigation of the
Delaware river had been obstructed from
League Island downward. 1 am aware, as
must be every Senator, that this has been a
very severe winter; but the information of the
Senator from Connecticut is not correct. There
has been no difficulty, during all the severity
of this winter, in the navigation of our river up
to League Island. The difficulty has been be-
tween League Island and Philadelphia. Ihe
chairman of the Naval Committee has already
described to you that the chief difficulty m the
navigation of the Delaware river to J. hila-
delphia on account of ice is at the Horse Shoe,
which is above League island. At this locality,
durmg severe winters, the ice does gorge, and
the navigation of the river is sometimes inter-
rupted for brief periods, but no lung like so
much as the enemies of this bill attempt to
show. I hold in my hand a letter written by
a gentleman of Philadelphia, the president of %
one  f the city banks, who has been for some
years the lessee of League Island, which I will
read :
.Philadelphia, February 5, 18(57.
Dear Sir: You know from accounts you have had
that this winter has been unusually severe. In the
neighborhood of Philadelphia the Delaware river
much of the time has been closed from the Horse Shoe
(above league Island) to the city. Vessels could
come to the island when they could not reach the
city. I have seen two of the Boston steamers at the
island when thoy could not roach the city, and within
the last two weeks twelve oj'ster boats landed their
cargoes, not being able to got above the Horse Shoe
during this late severe weather.
Yours, respectfully,
WILLIAM S. HUGHES.
Hon. A. G. Cattkll.
And I am informed by gentlemen, in whose
testimony I place the fullestreliance, that there
has been no time during the present winter
when League Island has not been accessible
from the mouth of the Delaware, and that no
interruption could have taken place in the
arrival or departure of steam vessels between
that point and the sea during the severe weather
through which we have just passed.
There is one other point on which I shall
say a few words, and then relieve the Senate,
for I am sure they are anxious that this sub-
ject shall be disposed of, Much has been
said in regard to the unhealthfulness of League
Island; and as this is an important point, I
have taken some pains to endeavor to satisfy
the Senate with regard to it, and I think I shall
be able to do so. In the first place, let me say
that I have been familiar with this location for
twenty years myself, and never before this
debate have I heard a rumor or a suggestion
that League Island was unusually unhealthy.
I have been upon the island every summer for
many years past; I have seen the inhabitants-
living upon the island and have conversed with
them freely, and I have never seen the slightest
evidence nor hoard a single word which would
lead me to suppose that League Island was not
as healthy as the shores of any tidal river in
the middle States. Not only can I give you
my personal observation on this point, but I
beg to read a letter from Dr. Ward, the health
officer of the city of Philadelphia:
Health Office, Philadelphia,
socthwkst cokneit slxth and saksom btrekts,
February 5,18t>7.
My Dear Sir: I am surprised to see that those
who are opposed to the selection of Loague Island
as a "naval station" representing it as very un-
healthy. I am froe to say, from porsonal observa-
tion, such is not the fact. I have attended profes-
sionally for somo ten or twelve years nearly all the
families who have resided on the island during that
period, and am able to say that less disease has
occurred there according to_ this population than m
the built-up portion of this city. ThatLeague Island
is a healthy location, no one who is familiar there-
with can for a moment doubt. I regard it entirely so.
Yours, very respectfully, li.WAxtU,'
8i3 South Third street.
Hon. A. G. Cattell, United States Senate.
On this point I beg leave also to read a let-
ter of Mi. Hughes, the lessee of this island:
Philadelphia, February 5,18G7.
Dear Sir: I soe that Leasrue Island has been
attacked on account of healUifuineM. I would state
that I have boen in possession of it for twenty-four
years, and that the average population is thirty per-
sons during each year for the whole time, and only
five deaths have tali en pliicodunnsthut long time, as
follows: one from rupture of blood vessel, one from
disease of kidneys, one from.cancer, one irom chol-
era, (several years afro, when it was in Philadelphia.)
and one from typhus fever, and was the result of
neglect. Commodore Turner, who has had charge
of the iron-clads for fifteen months, stated that ho
never had charge of a healthier station, and reierred
to his report, and only one man was on the sick list,
(and that only a sore limb.) IIis official report, 1
think, will show ho had some ninety men. Dunne
the long time 1 have been connected with the island
I hftvo spent much of my time there, and am entirely
satisfied that tbo location is pcrloctly healthy.
Yours, respectfully, WILMAa R nuanga.
Hon. A. <*. Cattrll.
But, Kir, I have testimony coming much
closer to this point. I have a letter from Com-
mander irwin, who is in charge of the iron*
clad fleet at League Island, on tins very point:
League Island, February 6, 1867.
TitriRSrK- In answer to your inquiry as regards
the health of League Island, I have to state that I
