1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
payment to every other creditor of the United
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall make no speech
on this subject. I will simply say that in my
opinion when we make a treaty with the Indian
tribes to pay them in coin we are as much
bound to pay them in coin as we would be to
pay the Government of Great Britain or France,
if we had such a treaty stipulation with them.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, and the Chair
will take the question on the amendments col-
lectively unless some Senator asks for a sep-
arate vote on a particular amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment, on page 12, respecting the
custom-house at Newport, Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be excepted.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a separate vote on
the adoption of the eighth section in regard to
paying rebel officers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted. If no other amend-
ments be excepted, the question is on concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole, with the exception of the one
named by the Senator from Vermont and the
one named by the Senator from Wisconsin.
The amendments were concurred in.
The first excepted amendment was on page
12, after line two hundred and fifty-nine to
strike out the following clause:
For a custom-house in Newport, Vermont, $10,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Since the debate took
place yesterday I have been, informed, as a
matter of fact, from the chairman of the House
committee, and I hold in my hand a letter from
the Commissioner of Customs stating the same
thing, that this item was recommended from
the Treasury Department. The chairman has
lost the original letter; but I stated the circum-
stances to the honorable Senator from Ohio
who had charge of the bill, and he was satis-
fied, and I trust the committee will be, and
allow it to stand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection
if it is recommended. It was stricken out sim-
ply because we could not find any recommend-
ation for it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. This appro-
priation being stricken out in Committee of
the Whole, the question now is, Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to strike out the appro-
priation.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to insert
as section eight the following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to such
persons as were actually employed a3 assistant assess-
ors in the collection of internal revenue in the rebel
States prior to the 1st day of August, 1866, compensa-
tion-at the rate prescribed by law, and an amount
sufficient for that purpose is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr, HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I am
not going to detain the Senate longer than to
remind them of the effect of adopting this sec-
tion. It is nothing less than to sanction the
employment of officers in direct contravention
of a positive statute still remaining on the
books. It was said that there was a necessity
for their employment. If there ever was any
such necessity that necessity still exists, and
your gtatute should be repealed if it stands in
the way of the collection of the revenue. The
proof of that necessity is utterly wanting; at
least I have not seen it. I no more believe in
the existence of that necessity than I believe
in the most improbable statement that could
be devised. But one of two things we should
do, repeal that law or stand upon it.
It is said that the Secretary of the Treasury
had to conform his action to an exigency, and
that he employed these men in the supposi-
tion that Congress would approve the measure.
Why, sir, those officers were continued in the
employ of the Treasury Department during the
whole of the last session of Congress, notwith-
standing he had notice from time to time that
Congress did not acquiesce in it. It was not
a formal vote of the two Houses; but he heard
those protests going out repeatedly from indi-
vidual members in and out of these Halls; but
still those persons were continued in the em-
ploy of the Treasury Department up to the
close of the last session of Congress; and now
almost at the close of this session of Congress
we have no notice that they are not all in the
employ of the Treasury Department to-day.
In view of this state of facts I have felt called
upon to ask another vote on this proposition.
Mr. President, I do think it a sad thing when
a minister of state directly defies a law of the
land; but I do not think that so sad a thing as
when the makers of the law themselves acqui-
esce in and sanction that defiance. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the adoption of this sec-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad that the Senator
from Wisconsin has given the Senate another
opportunity of recovering what seems to me to
be the true position on a very important ques-
tion. Of all the questions that have arisen on
this bill this is by far the most important,
dwarfing absolutely everything else. If this
proposition prevails it is a premium offered by
the Congress of the United States to an open
violation of law; it is a premium offered to
rebellion; it is a discouragement to loyal men,
to whom you ought to extend a helping hand.
I cannot express my feelings with sufficient
strength when I think of the evil consequences
of this proposition. Perhaps no one thing in
the recent history of . our country has been
more productive of bad results than this act
of the Secretary of the Treasury which you
now propose, if I may so say, to sanction.
Out of that act of disobedience sprang that
malignant policy which has already cost this
Government millions of money and postponed
the day of peace and tranquillity. I entreat
Senators to take the first opportunity and to
take every opportunity to set themselves against
that unhappy policy.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will give way, I will make a motion
that the Senate take a recess at five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish this bill
first. We shall dispose of it in a short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not look like it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must take up another
bill in the evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We canot stay here all
the time. We must take a recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can stay a little
while longer, I suppose. I hope Senators are
not going to argue this whole matter over again
after it has been argued for two days.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to argue
it, but I deem it my duty not to allow this vote
to be taken without again making my protest
against it. Let it go for what it is worth. I
know the Senator from Maine will value it
very little. I do not expect to please him by
it. I discharge a conscientious duty to my
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None of the rest of
us, I suppose, have any conscience in regard
to our duty.
Mr. SUMNER. I recognize the conscience
of the Senator. I make no question with re-
gard to the conscience of any Senator on this
floor. Each one judges for himself. I re-
member when, more than a year ago, I felt it
my duty first to arraign the Secretary of the
Treasury for this open violation of law, I was
then encountered by the Senator from Maine,
who vindicated the Secretary of the Treasury
and held him up almost to approbation. The
Senator from Maine started—
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Maine will inform his friend that he can vin-
dicate himself. 1
Mr. SUMNER. Why, of course he can.
The Senator from Maine always vindicates
himself. I only covet some of his ability in
developing what I think the better cause. I
wish that I could have in favor of what I think
the true policy on this occasion the great
powers that the Senator from Maine can so
easily display. I know he can vindicate his
side. I am only sorry that his side is not that
I which it seems to me at this moment the Senate
ought to adopt. If we had his powerful sup-
port the Senate would not commit itself to a
\ proposition which to my mind can have but
disastrous influences.
I do not wish to be a prophet; I am not;
but I see full well that this proposition, should
it be adopted, will carry into the rebel States
a distrust of your legislation. It will say to
them, "We put laws on our statute-book
against rebels, but we will not enforce them;
we will allow a Secretary of the Treasury or
other Cabinet officer deliberately to set them
at defiance, and then we will give him a letter
of license." Sir, I deplore that any Senator
can consent to such a course. I wish that now
by your votes you would discard this proposi-
tion so that it may not pass into our statutes
and become a source of evil.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not hope, sir, to see
the time when we shall cscape these lectures,
particularly those of us who assume only to
perform a simple duty here. It would have
been ungracious enough in the honorable Sen-
ator who has just spoken if he had left out
one part of his speech; but that seemed the
unkindest cut of all. As a soothing applica-
tion to the honorable Senator from Maine,
which he presumed that Senator required, we
are told that if he, the Senator from Maine,
should join the Senator from Massachusetts,
then all would be well. Now, Mr. President,
I have great respect for the capacity and abil-
ity of the Senator from Maine; I have great
faith in his power; but just for the sake of
the experiment, I should like to see the two
Senators some time undertake to impose just
what is their judgment upon the Senate on a
proposition that the Senate have so clearly
understood, and so decidedly expressed their
opinion upon as the one that is now pending.
I incline to think, if I should be pardoned the
words, that whoever shall undertake it will
have less of a certain quality after the experi-
ment shall have been made.
Mr. President, this thing of advertising to
the country, (as I have before undertaken to
say here,) that there are but a few in this
Chamber, perhaps but a single one, who can
perform a duty, and perform that duty fear-
lessly, is a very ungracious presentation of a
case. Sir, the highest te^t of courage is not in
the Senate Chamber. I hope that we shall be
allowed hereafter to express our opinions and
to vote upon public questions here, and that
Senators will feel that they have performed
their full duty when they shall have spoken
and given their opinions for what they are
worth, and that they shall not be subjected or
subject others to these continuous strictures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend if he includes me in any part of his lec-
ture ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, Mr. President; I do
not understand that the Senator is otherwise
responsible than that he has been sought to be
drawn into it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the lecturing is over
I hope we may be permitted to vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as the debate
ceases. The question is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of" the
Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 12 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Burkalew, Cattell, Con-
ness, Cragin, I>avis, l>ixon. Doolittie, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, FreHnehuysen, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Johnson, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Patter-
son, Ramsey, Ross, Saukbury, Sprasue, Stewart,
Vnilev. and Williams—27.
NAYS—Mefsrt. Creaweli, Edmonds, Fowler, Howe.
