1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
have-resided there one year.havinfc-a very comfort-
able house, with dry cellars. During my residence
► the health of the men employed to take care of the
iron-cladshas been remarkably ^good, althoufh they
have been exposed at all times and m all -weathers.
Assistant Surgeon Simon reports but four cases of
chills and fever during the past year. During that
time we have had over two hundred men in our em-
ploy % In my opinion League Island is avery healthy
locality, and is the very'best site for a naval station
that I have seen.
Yours truly, JOHN IRWIN,
Commander United States Navy.
charles Dutilh, Esq., President Pennsylvania Com-
pany Irmranceliivea, die.
Bat in order that there might be no mistake
in regard' to this matter, inquiries have been
made of a family now living on the island, and
who have lived there thirteen years. Surely,
from the statement of the Senator from 'Con-
necticut, one would have supposed they ought
to have been in their graves long ere this if
they have been living there and breathing the
miasmatic atmosphere of this terriblyunhealthy
locality:
Leaquk Island, February 5,1867.
We, John and Margaret Horn, do hereby certify
that wo have lived on League Island sinco March,
1853; have raised seven children on said island, all
whom are now living and perfectly healthy, and that
we, the said John and Margaret Horn, have always
andaronow blessed with most excellent health.
MARGARET HORN,
JOHN HORN.
Witness: L. H. Hill.
Then I have given you upon this point of
unhealthfulness .the testimony of a pnysician
practicing at League Island, who is also the
health officer of Philadelphia; the testimony
of Commodore Turner, tlxe testimony of Com-
mander Irwin, the testimony of the residents
of the island. Is anything more wanted?
Mr. President, I am sure that the Senate is
tired of the discussion of this question; I am
. aware that many of the members entertain the
opinion that there are other and more important
measures which ought to bo now under the
consideration of the body; and every moment
that I have stood upon this floor talking upon
this subject I have been embarrassed by the
conviction that I ought not to occupy the time
of the Senate. I have only to say, in conclu-
sion, that from an intimate acquaintance with
League Island, from a thorough and personal
examination of it in all its parts, without the
Slightest interest other than to serve my coun-
try in the selection of the most available site,
I stand here in the Senate to say that in my
judgment League Island possesses more ad-
vantages and presents fewer objections than
any site which can be found for a great iron-
clad naval station on the Atlantic coast from
the Bay of Fundy to the Gulf of Mexico. I
acknowledge that, there is a very wide differ-
ence between tlje statements of the Senator
from Connecticut and my own on this subject;
but I am willing to put myself upon the record
here for the truth of what I say. Taking every-
thing into consideration, considering the insu-
lar position of this locality, considering its
extensive area, considering its immense water
front; taking into view the fact that it has a
back channel, which at a very moderate ex-
pense can be prepared so as to form a magnifi-
cent basin in which all the vessels of our Navy
could find safe anchorage; taking into con-
sideration the fact that the proposition is not
for the establishment of another navy-yard,
but simply the removal of the one we now
have in Philadelphia from an inconvenient and
cramped location to a better one; taking into
▼icw the fact that it is in the immediate vicinity
of the coal-fields and iron-bods of the great
State of Pennsylvania, and that it would be
simply ridiculous to establish an iron-clad
station three hundred or four hundred or five
hundred miles away from those supplies; taking
into consideration that it lies immediately ad-
joining a city that is noted for mechanics of
the highest skill, especially in the metals-
taking into consideration that it is offered as a
free gift by the city of Philadelphia, and taking
into consideration the further fact that no
proposition is here made to appropriate a dol-
lar, that< nothing is asked of the Congress of
the United States but to consent to receive
from the city of Philadelphia" a gift of six
hundred acres of ground which has been
pronounced by the Secretary of-the Navy,
by the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, by
Professor Bach6, by Commodore Turner, -by
Admiral Porter, by scores and hundreds of
others to be the very best location along the
whole sea-board for this purpose—in view of
all these considerations, surely (be passage of
■this bill is but a very reasonable request.
Will the Senate of the United States, und&r
these circumstances, refuse this munificent do-
nation when the power is reserved to decide
hereafter what shall be done with the island ?
The Congress of the United States reserves
the right to appropriate-not even a single dol-
lar for it if the engineer officers shall report
that it is unfit for the purpose. Besides, it is
evident that this change will give you from a
million and a half to two million dollars, aris-
ing from the sale of the present navy-yard in
Philadelphia, for the purpose of preparing this
one. In view of all these considerations, I
ask in the name of the interests of the nation
and in the name of the interests of the Navy,
why is it that this proposition shall be met with
suoh malignant opposition on this floor? I
submit, Mr. President, that the opposition to
this bill arises from a disposition to draw
attention away from this point, because there
is a desire to fix this navy-yard at another
locality.- The opposition has sprung from
that, and from that alone. The opposition has
been sectional. If there is a disposition to
establish another navy-yard, if a necessity shall
be shown for a new-and additional navy-yard,
•and if it "shall be shown that New London is a
proper place for it, and especially if two con-
ditions shall be provided there, first, fresh
water instead of salt; and second, to have the
yard a few miles from the sea, so as to be easily
made defensible, I shall not object to New
London having its desired navy-yard. Her
people deserve it for the pertinacity with which
they have persisted on this subject; for, as the
distinguished- chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs has said, they have pressed that
site upon the attention of the Government since
the year 1800. In 1802 a report was made, and
again in 1817, at both of which times New
London was rejected. In 1826 the question
came up again in Congress, and New London
was again rejected. For three generations the
people about New London, conceiving that
they had the only site along the Atlantic which
was proper for a naval station, have been press-
ing it upon the attention of Congress; but
they have never been able, except in one sin-
gle instance, to get any commission or any de-
partment to recommend it.
I submit, Mr. President, that this question
is a simple one. After all the discussions
which have taken place, after all the examina-
tions which have been had, the Senate of the
United States is simply asked to agree to this
bill from the House of Representatives accept-
ing the title to League Island, provided that
yet another board of officers shall approve it.
I submit that it would be the height of folly
for this Chamber now to refuse to accept such
a proposition.
I regret, Mr. President, that I have detained
the Senate so long, and that I have so poorly
and so feebly stated the strength of this case.
I have come far short of expressing the deep
convictions of my own mind in regard to it. I
have forborne to read from the mass of testi-
mony which I have before me bearing upon
the subject, because I have felt that I have
already consumed too much of the time of the
Senate when there are so many questions of
momentous importance demanding its atten-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER, I do not, Mr. President,
understand why the Senator from New Jersey
should undertake to declare that the ground
of opposition to the acceptance, as he says, ctf
this^ munificent gift is simply a malignant op-
position, based on sectional prejudices or par-
tialities. I do not understand the reason for
such a claim: I do not understand either why
"theit honorable Senator should undertake to
say that the opposition here comes only from
Connecticut, and that all the allegations in
regard to League Island are slanders origi-
nated in the State of Connecticut, and either
repeated by the Senators from that State, or
if-they come nominally through other sources,
arS'really inspired from "Connecticut; and in
that connection the -honorable Senator from
Iowa took occasion to say, in reply to the sug-
gestion that resolutions came here from the
Chamber of Commerce-of New York and the
merchants of New York, that they had their
inspiration from Connecticut, or from citizens
of Connecticut who are living in New York,
and therefore were tainted with Connecticut
feeling.
Now, Mr. President, to quiet the honorable
Senator from New Jersey on this subject, and
to quote an authority which he will not charge
with any partiality for Connecticut, or any
other connection with Connecticut than what
was perfectly proper for him to have, I beg
leave to read a few words from a speech made
in this Senate not long since. It was made in
July, 1862; and in order that the honorable
Senator may be perfectly dispossessed of any
notion that it is of Connecticut origin, or that
it was inspired by any citizen of Connecticut,
1 will tell him in the outset that I propose to
read from the speech of Hon. John C. Ten
Eyck, formerly a Senator of the United States
from the State of New Jersey, in the Senate of
the United States, on the 4th of July, 1862. I
presume the gentleman has heard of him, and
if not, he is remembered in this body as a Sen-
ator who well and worthily represented his
State during the period that the State assigned
to him the duty of sitting here as her Senator.
Mr. Ten Eyck said in reply to some remarks
made by the Senator from Iowa:
"I understood the Senator from Iowa to say that
he considered the safety and permanency and future
success of the Navy to depend upon the passage of
this bill, and the acquisition of the title to this island
in the Delaware river for the purposes designated.
All I have to say upon that subjeot is, that if such be
the case, Heaven save the Navy 1"
Again:
" If all these things are to bo regarded as naught,
unless League Island, in the river Delaware, can be
acquired for the purposes of the Navy, I repeat,
Heaven save the Navy, and Heaven protect the glory
of the Navy!"
A little further on he said:
""Why, sir. Hive not far remote from League Island,
only about seventeen miles from that place, and I
assert that I believe there is not a foot of solid ground
on the whole island."
I beg the honorable Senator from New
Jersey to remark that that is no Connecticut
slander. I do not assert that it is true, but I
do not propose to stand here as the honorable
Senator does, resting on my personal assertion
either as to the unfitness of League Island or
the fitness of New London: I read from what
I deem to be authority, and am not disposed
to put my personal character in issu^e here:
n"1* meadowy, marshy land, and every foot
that will be required for the public service in the
construction of a navy-yard, for the building of
houses, or for any other suoh purpose, will have to
be made ground. So, although they may give you an
island, they give you a spongy, marshy, meadowy
soil, which must be made solid land before it can
become useful or proper for the purposes designed
by tbistbill, and it will not only cost $200,000 for piling,
dredging, filling, and excavating, but itwill, perhaps,
cost half a million or more."
Two hundred thousand dollars was men-
tioned because there was then a clause in the
bill that proposed to accept this most magnifi-
cent gift and appropriate $200,000 to make it
lit to- be received, so that we could enter the
promised land and take jit. And the honor-
able Senator who then represented the State
of New Jersey—no, I will not say as well as
the present Senator, because I will make no
comparisons; they are odious; but who at that
time didrepresentthe State of New Jersey, and
well represented it—said that it would cost
more than half a million in effect to make the
island so that it could be taken by the United
States; and it seemed on the whole at that
time so very remarkable an event to have in
the same bill that proposed to accept a gift an
