1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appropriation of $200,000 to be expended so
as to make it fit to be taken that that was
stricken out, and it has never since appeared
in the bill. We propose to take it now naked
and alone. But farther; this is not Connec-
ticut authority and of course I shall be par-
doned for reading it. Mr. Ten Eyck goes on
to say:
"Why, sir, these islands there are pushed oyer in
skills at high tide by sportsmen when shooting reed-
bird and rail. The cost w.ould be millions, perhaps,
in order to make these islands available, according
to the best information X have, for the purposes de-
signed by this bill.
" Again: it is unnecessary that we should receive
this island for the purpose designed. The Govern-
ment now own in that neighborhood tracts of land
suitable and appropriate for the purpose, where they
can construct a navy-yard without its costing a dol-
lar. The Government now own a valuable property
at Fort Mifflin, just a little way below this island,
with an extended water front. The Delaware river
in winter is less obstructed by ice below the Schuyl-
kill than above it. Besides this, the Government
has seven acres of high land at the old Lazaretto,
and more than one hundred acres of reclaimed marsh
land. If it becomes necessary to move the navy-
yard south of the city, it may be moved down to the
Government property at Fort Mifflin, where there
will be no necessity for piling and ditching and drain-
ing and filling and excavating and building walls for
the purpose of making a site valuable for a navy-
yard. And then, again, there is a road over the
Schuylkill river by a bridge at Penrose Ferry direct
to l'ort Mifflin, while League Island is isolated, and
if we accept this magnificent present we havo yet to
build a bridge in order to make it accessible from the
main land. I assure Senators that there is some
danger of their being carried away by this splendid
luro of a magnificent present which the city of Phil-
adelphia now offers to bestow upon the United
States."
The idea of calling it "magnificent" is not
original with the Senator, [Mr. Cattell:]
"Wo not only shall have to make the soil for the
Eurpose, but we shall have to build an extensive
ridge and make a road over an extent of marsh in
order to get there, when the Government owns land
in the immediate neighborhood sutlicient for the
purpose, and fast and highland also. I submit to the
Senate, if no appropriation is now required for this
purpose, tho second soction having been stricken out
of the bill, whether it is not manifest to every man
that hundreds of thousands of dollars will hereafter
be required to make this island availablo to the Gov-
ernment for the purposes designed. Pass the bill
and the wedge will havo been entered."
Listen to the honorable Seuator from New
Jersey and the honorable Senator from Iowa
now,'Mr. President. They tell you the bill
does not take a dollar from the Treasury, it
simply proposes to accept, if another board
shall recommend it, this magnificent gift from
the city of Philadelphia. Not a dollar from
the Treasury, repeat both the honorable Sen-
ators j not a dollar unless Congress shall here-
after vote to appropriate it. That is true ; but
do we not all understand what is meant when
that allegation is made ? Is it not perfectly
clear, as the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey, whose remarks I am quoting, (Mr. Ten
Eyck,) said, this is simply the entering wedge.
Pass the bill, accept the island, and then pass
your millions of appropriations to make it fit
for the purposes that it was accepted for. Is it
proposed by the honorable Senators that tho
Government of the United States should accept
this munificent gift and then not make use of
it? Why should we accept it? Why, but to
establish a naval depot there ; and if you es-
tablish a naval depot there is it not to cost
money and a vast sum of money? Does any-
body doubt it? Why, then, undertake -to press
upon the Senate that you are voting away no
money, and that there Seing no money in the
bill it is idle to oppose it? The honorable
Senator from New Jersey, whose words I have
just quoted and I will quote his words again,
said then what it is quite appropriate to say
now—■
"Pass the bill and the wedge will have been en-
tered."
As this is not Connecticut authority, and as
it is authority to which the honorable Senator
from New Jersey will of course yield every
rcspect,, I must be pardoned for reading a few
sentences more. I have no doubt it is pleasant
to the honorable Senator to hear it because it
is wholly free from any Connecticut influence
or bias:
" What does the city of Philadelphia ask m ex-
change for this magnificent gift? I have heard
nothing. It does not appear on the face of the bill:
}t would not bo wise that it should; but is tho city or
Brotherly Love' so full of kindness as its namo im-
plies t So fond and munificent that it will mako a
present of this island, valued at $300,000, for no
earthly return? No sooner shall w© pass this bill
than^ wo shall havo another proposition to cedo to
thecity of Philadelphia the site of tho present navy-
yard. lhey want it for building purposes or some
other return. There is a motive for this thing."
Air. President, this is no Connecticut insin-
uation, no sly innuendo or slander of Philadel-
phia from Connecticut; it is from New Jersey,
the good, glorious State of New Jersey, famed
in revolutionary times, famed ever since, famed
when she had Mr. Ten Eyck for her Senator,
and famed now she has the honorable Senator,
[Mr. Cattell,] who vindicates the name and
fame of his State so well hero now :
"There is a motive for this thing; and although it
does not appear on the faee of the bill, yet it appears
in the surrounding negotiations which havo been set
on foot for this purpose. We are to abandon all our
works there, all our wharves, screw-docks, dry-docks,
all our buildings, all our workshops, all our ma-
chinery is to be removed for tho purpose of accepting
this maguificent gift."
The honorable Senator's predecessor seemed
to have a peculiar love for that expression,
"magnificent gift." There is something noble
in it:
" If the navy-yard at Philadelphia is notsufflciently
extensive there is plonty of land connected with and
adjoining it on the south which can be procured for
tho purpose of enlarging it, and I know that there
has been a proposition in tho city for some timo past
to acquiro that adjoining property for the purpose
of enlarging the yard. Lot tho yard remain whero
it is, and if it is not suflioiontly extensive in itsdnnon-
sions, let tho property adjoining it, which can be
obtained, be procured for tho purpose.
" I am myself perfectly satisfied that it would be
prejudicial and injurious, exceedingly so, to tho
Treasury for us to acoopt thegii'tof this island; and
for that reason, and for that alone, I shall vote
against this bill."
I trust the honorable Senator from New
Jersey will believe after this that it is possible
for a man to oppose this bill without having
any sectional prejudice, any malignant, hostility
that induces him to mako the opposition. If
not, of course I must submit to the intimation
that my opposition is merely sectional. The
honorable Senator went on to assort that New
London deserved a navy-yard. Now, Mr.
President, I say that New London does not
deserve a navv-yard. I assert distinctly that
New London can make no claim on the ground
of desert to having a navy-yard; not but that
New London deserves just as much as any
other town situated as she is; but no town, no
State, deserves a navy-yard. J scout all such
notions as that. If a navy-yard is to be built,
I repeat what I said before, it should be built
in the best place for it; and the place where
nature has made the best provision for a navy-
yard, where it will be most advantageous to
tho country, that is the place that deserves it,
and no other place does deserve it. That is
all there is about deserving in a navy-yard.
The honorable Senator irom Iowa took oc-
casion to remark that some gentlemen at some
times had talked about the soil of League Isl-
and being spongy and shaking like a jelly,
intimating that that came from men who knew
nothing about the matter, probably from Con-
necticut. I will read a word or two on that
point, therefore, from what was said by Mr.
Ten Eyck at a subsequent session, January 24,
1803 ;
" I do not protend to say that a portion of tho land
lying back from the river is not fast land, permanent
to the soil, if it maybe called soil; but all that>which
has the appearance of land lying upon the liver im-
mediately adjacent thereto is so spongy that if a man
steps with his foot upon it it will shako like a jelly;
and I am told they cannot find a bottom, let them
go as deep as they may." 1 * *,*.*,
" I did not intend to make another allusion m rela-
tion to this proposition. I did not propose to take
any further part in this debate. I only uttered spon-
taneously last session what my feelings were on the
subject, based on information derived from what
I supposed to be a reliable source, and from some
knowledge of the character of the island myself, be-
lieving conscientiously that tho Treasury of tho Uni-
ted States would be sadly damaged by the accept-
ance of this gift, believing that it would bo infinitely
bettor and wiser on tho part of the Government to
make a purchase of fast land suitable and proper for
such a construction than t& receive this as a gilt.
Having said this much, I do not propose to say
And, Mr. President, perhaps it; would be. as
wise for me, in the language of fche Senator:
from New Jersey whom I have just been
quoting, to say no more myself; and I should
not say a word more if the honorable.Seaator
from New-Jersey and the honorable-Senator
from Iowa had not taken, as it seems to. me,
rather unwarrantable pains to show that-the<
opposition to the passage of this bill arose
either from sectional prejudice or sectional
partiality. Senators of course have the right
to avow their own motives for their support or'
opposition to any bill, but when they under-
take to impute motives such as those to others
they should have, I think, some other and bet-
ter evidence of it than they can have in this
case. I assert that I have no more desire to
oppose this bill on the ground of sectional-
ism than I would have if I lived in the city of
Philadelphia, not one jot or tittle; and I
have no desire that this navy-yard shall be
established at New London unless New Lon-
don has claims in the way of natural advan-
tages which make that a preferable loeation.
I would not myself, if I did not believe that
fact, vote for the appropriation of a dollar to
place a yard there.
I only repeat that the amendment to this
bill proposes to leave that point open and let
this location be examined, and if the claims
made by gentlemen have any real foundation
in tact they will have an opportunity of verify-
ing them. I havo not attempted to assert the
superiority of New London ; I shall not assert
it; but I say that if this board of officers, the
board named in this amendment, or any other
men who maybe named, after examining New
London and League Island, shall say that
League Island is the preferable place I will
vote for League Island if I am a member of
the body, and I will not vote for New London
nor will I urge its acceptance. I now only
urge an examination into the matter, because
the board, and the only board in our tune
appointed by the proper authority, who has
made an examination of both locations, has
given the preference very decidedlg to New
London. Under these circumstances, before
this location is selected and decided upon by the
Senate, 1 submit that it is fair that New Lon-
don should also be examined if League Island
is to be now examined; and then, if there are
any of these objections, not being defensible,
not being far enough from the ocean, want of
fresh water, want of coal, or want of iron, to
such-an extent as to decide against New Lou-
don and to lead to tho decision that that ought
not bo selected, I will submit tacitly and as-
cordially as the gentleman from New Jersey
will if the decision is against him; and I will
not either then or at any time undertake of my
own personal knowledge to make assertions in
regard to the comparative merits of the two
places.
The honorable Senator says that it would
be preposterous to go away from the great
State of Pennsylvania that has got so much
coal and iron, some hundreds of miles away,
to establish a navy-yard for iron-clad vessels.
If it costs more money to fix the navy-yard at
Philadelphia than it would to fix it at another
location, and so much more that the interest
on that money would carry all the iron and all
the coal which Pennsylvania can produce to
Connecticut or to Maine, I do not think it
would be so preposterous an idea. The very
interest on the money that it would cost to
make League Island habitable, tenantable as
a navy-yard, would carry all the coal and all
the iron that is brought to the city of Phila-
delphia five hundred miles every year. It is
not so very preposterous, therefore, and it so
happens that Philadelphia is not the only place
where coal and iron are found in the Baited
States. Other localities have, I think, as
great facilities for both these valuable com-
modities as Philadelphia.
But, sir, I will not enlarge. I rose that I might
set the honorable Senator from New Jersey
right, because I am sure il was not pleasant to
him to think that the opposition to this bill was
