1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 28,
"wood" and insert "or;" so as to read:
"drain, gas, and water-pipe made of wood or
cement;" and after "cement" to strike out
"sheet lead, lead pipe, and shot."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
fifty-nine and sixty of section eleven in these
■words:
Horse-rakes, liorso-powcrs, tedders, hames, scythe-
sniitk:,, hay-forks, hoes, and portable grinding raill3.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the chairman
of the Committee on Finance why he pro-
poses to strike these articles out of the free
list? These are articles in very common use, |
and ought to be furnished as cheaply as pos- j
sible to those who use them. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason of it was j
that if wo put these in the free list we found j
that we should have to exempt everything that I
is an agricultural implement; and axes and |
scythes are in just as common use as these
articles.",, It is found by experience that put-
ting such things on the lree list does not lessen
the price. We had a debate here on the last
bill over mowing-machines, which were then
put on the free list, and people now say that
they do not pay a less price for them in conse-
quence of it. It is only so much more in the
pockets of the manufacturer. We had letters
complaining of this discrimination, and so we
proposed to strike out the difficulties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
sixty-two of section eleven "legs of piano-
fortes."
The amendment was agreed to. ■
The next amendment was to strike out lines
sixty-four and sixty-five of section eleven in
these words:
Leather of all descriptions, and goat, deer, calf,
kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins, tanned or par-
tially tanned, curricd, finished, or in the rough.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask why
that amendment is made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee were
satisfied that we could not afford to part with
a revenue of between five and six million dol-
lars on these articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line seventy-two, to strikeout "fifty-nine" and
insert "seventy;" so as to make the clause
read:
Oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline, mark-
ing more than seventy degrees Baume's hydrometer,
tho product of tho distillation or redistillation or
refining of crude petroleum, or of crudo oil produced
by a single distillation of coal, shale, peat, asphal-
tum, or other bituminous substances.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after " sub-
stances" in line seventy-five of section, eleven
to strike out the following clause:
But if any person shall mix for sale naphtha and
illuminating oils, or shall knowingly sell or keep for
sale or offer for sale such mixture, or shall soil or
offer for sale oil made from petroleum for illuminat-
ing purposes, inflammable at less temperature or
fire test than one hundred and ten degrees Fahren-
heit, such person shall be held to be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof by indictment
or presentment in any court of tho United States,
having competent jurisdiction, shall bo punished by
a fino of not less than $100 nor more than 6500, and
by imprisonment for a term of not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have some
explanation of this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN; The provision is put
in a wrong place here. The penalty is trans-
ferred to another part of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
ninety of section eleven in these words :
Potato-hooks, manuro, and spading forks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
-and two of section eleven to strike out "cost-
ing" and insert " sold for;" so as to read:
Soap, common brown, in bars, sold for less than
seven cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line one hundred
and twelve of section eleven to strike out
"buck-saws, stump-machines, potato-diggers."
Mr.- TRUMBULL. I see that the com-
mittee have recommended the striking out of
all agricultural implements nearly from the
free list. I think we may as well make the
question and see whether it is the intention of
the Senate to disagree with the House of Rep-
resentatives in regard to agricultural imple-
ments. I supposed the object of this bill was
to reduce tho revenue and relieve the people to
some extent by reducing the amount of revenue
collected. That, at least, I understood was one
object. Now, it seems the Senate Committee
pn Finance are taking a different view, and are
striking out articles which the other House has
agreed to put on the free list. I have not been
able to look through this bill, have not read it
through ; but I see on these pages covering the
free list agricultural implements to a great
extent, which were put on by the House of
Representatives, are stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The present law ex-
empts plows, cultivators, harrows, straw and
hay cutters, planters, seed-drills, horse-rakes,
liand-rakes, cotton-gins, grain-cradles, win-
nowing-mills, reapers, mowers, threshing-ma-
chines and separators, corn-shellers, and
wooden ware, cotton and hay presses, and
fertilizers of all kinds. We cannot go any
further without introducing all agricultural
implements, on some of which there is con-
siderable revenue. We thought that we ought
not to carry the exemption any further. We
struck out these articles in committee on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] who is considered the representative of
tho agricultural interest as much as anybody.
Mr. HOWARD. I am in favor of taking off
the internal tax entirely from agricultural im-
plements. I do not know, to be sure, what
amount of revenue is derived from that source;
but as there seems to be a general tendency of
public feeling to reduce the internal revenue in
some degree, I know of no articles on which
that reduction can be applied more bene-
ficially.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is plausible ; but
taking off the tax does not affect the price, as
we are informed. The assessors in the State
of Ohio have represented to us that it does not
affect the price at all; it is only putting so
much money in the pockets of the manufac-
turers, and they hope the exemption will not
be carried any further. This question does to
make a little capital upon. This exemption
was not reported by the House committee, but
was put in there by gentlemen who wanted to
manufacture a little personal capital, and these
exemptions really lead to confusion and diffi-
culty.
Mr. HOWARD. I have to say that I am
not influenced by any such motive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not impute it to
the Senator; but I say the exemptions were
put on in the other Hrtuse in that way.
Mr. HOWARD. I was going to say that I
fear the committee have been misled by some-
body as to the non-increase of the price of
these articles in consequence of the tax. It
is a very curious state of things indeed, if the
manufacturer does not increase the price of
his article at least, in proportion to the amount
of tax imposed on him. I think he will find
that to be a practice so general that it may be
fairly called universal. It arises from the in-
terest of the manufacturer, and he cannot jvell
conduct his business without increasing his
price.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is not putting on
taxes, but simply leaving them as they are now.
Mr. HOWARD. I am replying to the re-
mark of the Senator that a small tax imposed
upon agricultural implements does not increase
the price of the implements.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only say that the
assessors of the West tell us that putting these
other things on the free list has not diminished
the price a particle, but has only put so much
more into the pockets of the manufacturers.
Mr. HOWARD. Then that is one reason
why the tax should be taken entirely off all
classes of these articles, and I am in favor
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only for the ben-
efit of the manufacturer instead of the agricul-
turist. That is the effect of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These articles which
were put upon the free list by the House of
Representatives are those entering into gen-
eral consumption. They are used everywhere.
Pitchforks, spading-forks, buck-saws, shovels,
and articles of that kind are used in all parts
of the country. The reason given by the Sen-
ator from Maine for taxing these articles is
that the tax makes no difference in the price.
Can that be possible ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only say that it is so
represented by western people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not so represented
by my constituents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have had no such
representation from any of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have had_ such
representations from the very city of Chicago.
Air. TRUMBULL. There may be an indi-
vidual who has so informed the Senator; but
the information I have is right the reverse. I
have letters from Illinois asking that these
articles which are used by the agriculturists
of the State be put upon the free list.
Mr. F'ESSENDEN. I suppose those letters
come from manufacturers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. From different parties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they not come from
the manufacturers ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have had letters from
manufacturers asking to have these articles
put upon the free list. The reason given by
the Senator from Maine has with me no sort
of force when he says the House committee
did not put them on the free list, but the House
did it. I rather rely upon the action of the
House than of one of its committees. Then
there is another reason. I want to say to the
people of the country that they are to be re-
lieved to some extent of their burdens. We
imposed most exorbitant taxes in order to raise
money to carry on the war. The war is over,
and we are raising money by the million more
than there is any necessity for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall not this year.
The Senator need not be alarmed about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is complaint on
this subject among my constituents. They
complain that times are hard, that the taxes
are high. We have more than one hundred
and forty millions of money in the Treasury,
and the Senator tells us we shall not raise moro
than is necessary this year. How does he
know?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my reasoning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the Senator's
reasoning, and he is holding now in the Treas-
ury $140,000,000, and no provision is being
made to get it out; and now, when we have a
revenue bill in which the House of Represent-
atives has put on the free list these agricultural
implements, implements that are used all over
the country, we are told that the tax on them
does not increase the price, somebody ha3 so
informed the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
of the Senator whether these articles are of
more common use than the shirt every man
wears. We keep the tax on shirts. Why not
strike it off everything of that kind. Is there
anything in more common use?
Sir. TRUMBULL. We must begin to reduce
somewhere. We must have some revenue; but
because we must have some revenue are we to
tax everything? When the desire of the whole
country is to have the burdens of taxation re-
duced, I do hope that the Senate will not agree
to tax these articles. It is as well to begin upon
these as upon any others. There is nothing
sectional in it. The Senator's constituents use
as many hoes, axes, and shovels as mine. It
will benefit all portions of the country; and
