1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
475
setts only provides that the Legislature of this
Territory shall make this declaration. His
section docs not provide the people of that
Territory shall vote on it. The very next
Legislature may repeal it. This same Legis-
lature may repeal it the next week after her
members are admitted into Congress. I would
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts whether
that is not correct? If his amendment is adopted
and Nebraska is admitted, I ask the gentleman
whether in his opinion that same Legislature
next week cannot repeal it ? That does not
put it into the constitution of the State of
Nebraska.
It has been asked here if the Senate bill is
adopted, if this declaration is adopted by Con-
gress containing these terms and conditions
extending the right of suffrage to all classes
. without distinction of color, what remedy has
a man who is excluded from the right to vote?
I answer, the same remedy every other man
has who has a legal right to vote and who is
excluded from the polls. Precisely. He may
apply to the courts ; he may bring suit for this
wrongful exclusion. He may apply to the
courts for a mandamus to compel the judges
of election to take his vote if he has the legal
right to vote. Jf the act of Congress gives
him the right to vote it gives him all the rights
which the constitution of the State would give
for the purpose and all the remedies.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to know whether
Congress has the right to impose and enforce
a constitution upon a people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Congress has the
right to make such terms and conditions upon
the people of a Territory. By the enabling
acts Congress has passed from time to time we
have imposed conditions upon the Territories.
We have declared the principle upon which
they shall frame their State governments. We
have declared that they shall put into their
constititutions such and such provisions. We
may declare, and it has been declared over and
over again, that the lands of the United States
shall notbe taxed for five^ears after their entry.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps the gentleman did
not understand the point of one portion of my
inquiry. It is, whether Congress has the right
to impose or enforce these provisions.
Mr. FAIiNSWO RTH. I have no earthly
doubt of it, no more than that we may enforce
upon the people of a Territory, without their
consent, a declaration in the act incorporating
the Territory saying who shall vote, who shall
be qualified to hold office, and who shall be
elected to the territorial Legislature. Until
that Territory becomes a State of this Union
the power of Congress over it is sovereign.
Nebraska is not a State until we have passed
an act admitting her and she has assumed the
powers and functions of a State. Now, we are
talking about passing an act admitting her, and
we are talking about imposing conditions upon
her. Why, I ask, have we not a right to insert
& provision like that?
Gentlemen ask if Congress should pass an
act declaring suffrage shall be impartial in the
Territory of Nebraska forever, could that peo-
ple when they become a State deprive any
portion of her people of the right of suffrage ?
No, sir; the act of Congress would govern
until Congress repealed it. Neither the Ter-
ritory nor State of Nebraska could repeal it.
It is sought by the amendment to impose
upon the people of Nebraska just exactly what
is sought to be imposed upon the people of
other States. What is it? Why, sir, the Legis-
lative Assembly of Nebraska has no more
authority to bind the people of that State than
Congress. The only vitality and power the
Legislature gets is from an act of Congress.
We give to the State its charter; we give to-it
all its powers. It can exercise no power except
what Congress has given to it.
It seems to me that any other theory robs
Congress and the Government of the United
States of the sovereignty which it has over the
people of a Territory; and therefore I repeat
what I said in the outset, that I believe a pro-
vision in an act of Congress in regard to negro
suffrage, such as is contained in the third sec-
tion of this bill, will be more binding upon the
people of that State than could a provision
inserted in the constitution of that State when
admitted. So, sir, I would rather have the
bill as it came from the Senate than with the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell. ]
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, in arguing any
great question it is always necessary that cer-
tain axiomatic truths, certain manifestly first
principles, should be conceded by all reason-
able men. One principle or truth of that de-
scription, permit me here to state briefly, is
that the constitution of the United States is a
compact by which the States as members of
the Federal Union agreed with one another to
institute a Government, with certain definite
powers and for certain specific purposes; that
the Constitution of the United States is the
supreme, fundamental, irrepealable law, and
there is no functionary of Government that
exists by virtue of it that has any authority to
disregard its provisions. The Congress of the
United States, the Executive, and all the "offi-
cers of the Government are all bound to obey
the Constitution; and whenever any of the de-
partments or of the high public functionaries
of the Government are guilty of an act of
usurpation not authorized by the Constitution,
or of an assumption of powers not granted by
it, or violate it in any particular, they are
guilty of perjury, corrupt and damnable per-
jury. The Constitution is above 3,11 the powers
of government created by it, and it is in vain
to make an argument upon any great constitu-
tional question to a body who assume to set
aside or disregard its provisions and limita-
tions.
But, sir, upon the supposition that the Con-
stitution is to be respected and obeyed, and
that its violation entails upon the party violat-
ing it the crime of perjury, I appeal to this
House upon the question whether it is a Gov-
ernment of limited powers and of State crea-
tion, or whether it is a Government of a mere
majority, with its powers unlimited, except by
the force of numbers, to carry any measure
that they may think proper. If it is a limited
Government then you are to find the power
that you attempt to exercise in some of the
grants contained in that instrument. But where
is the grant of the power of the Congress of
the United States to be found in the Constitu-
tion to control in a State or Territory or in this
District or anywhere else the right of the in-
habitants, who are to be governed by munici-
pal or local laws, to discriminate as a matter
of policy as to who shall exercise the elective
franchise?
The object of republican government, and
especially the great object of our system of
governments, State and Federal, is to secure
the advancement of civilization and political
liberty and promote the progress of arts and
sciences. So, then, as a mere question of ex-
pediency the States did not think proper to
abandon to the Federal Government the great
fundamental power of deciding for them the
question of the right of suffrage. We know
that the object of Government is security of
life, liberty, and property, to promote the hap-
piness and civilization of man as a moral and
intellectual being, and it is indispensable to
that end that property, virtue, and intelligence
should be considered as altogether important
in settling the question in any State of this
Union as to who shall or shall not exercise the
right of suffrage. But the majority of the
members of this House assume the authority
and power for Congress to impose upon all
the States, especially those which have lately
been in conflict with the northern States, and
upon all the Territories that are to be formed
into States and admitted into this Union, the
obligation to allow a class of people within
their limits to take the government into their
control, whereby, instead of promoting and
securing property, life, liberty, and civilization,
they would throw them back into a condition
of barbarism ; they would Africanize some, if
not all, of the southern States by giving to the
preponderant negro population therein the
power to control their local governments, thus
defeating all the ends that are intended to be
secured by the institution of governments, and
which alone can justify the cost and burden
of their maintenance.
Now, sir, upon what ground is this power
claimed for this Congress? Where do they
find the authority in the Constitution of the
United States? They can aowhere in the Con-
stitution find any provision that, by any, the
most latitudinous, construction could authorize
the assumption and exercise ofthispower; none
whatever. The Constitution provides that the
Representatives in this House shall be elected
by that portion of the population of their re-
spective States which is entitled under the State
constitution and laws to vote for members of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature,
thus conceding to the States the governmental
power of controlling this subject and of pre-
scribing who shall and who shall not vote,
what classes may and what may not exercise
the right of suffrage, and upon what conditions
the right shall exist. This Congress now pro-
pose to force upon the people of the southern
States as a condition-precedent to their recog-
nition as members of the Union, and upon the
people of the Territories as a condition to their
admission as States, a voting population which
will impede their march, toward civilization
and to the attainment of all the great ends and
objects of government, the security of life, lib-
erty and property. The power is claimed here
that the Congress of the United States have
authority to impose upon the southern States
a condition that the colored population of those
States shall be placed upon terms of social and
political equality with the balance of the people
as a condition-precedent to admission to their
right of representation here as States of this
Union. They can find no such power any-
where in the Constitution; but they claim it
under the provision to the effect that the Fed-
eral Government shall guaranty to the States a
republican form of government.
Now, sir, is it not astounding that in a House
composed of so many intelligent and learned
men as I find from the debates that this does,
that party feeling and party fanaticism should
so jaundice and control the minds of men as
to indues them to assume as authority for what
they seek to effect this constitutional provision,
which, by its true construction, not only does
not sanction, but prohibits the exercise of this
power of instituting arbitrary governments over
the people, and in effect binds and commands
the United States to respect and uphold the
republican governments of the States, and con-
sequently denies to Congress the right to deprive
them of representation or the right of self-gov-
ernment? The intention of that clause of the
Constitution was to provide that if any attempt
were made by any outside Power to overthrow a
republican form of government in the States
the Federal Government should guaranty the
continued existence of those republican gov-
ernments as they existed at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. Sir, I was cut short by the operation
of the rules when I last addressed the House,
in the argument which I attempted to-make
upon the question of the right of the southern
States to their full representation upon this
floor, at the point whore I was about to re-
mark upon this provision of the Constitution
and state my views of its true meaning and
how it could only be applied. Under that
clause you now assume the right and claim
the authority, whenever a majority of the Con-
gress of the United States may decide that
there is some law or some provision of the
constitution of a State, or some line of domes-
tic policy which may be adopted by a State, in
opposition to your party views, to say that the
form of government of that State is not repub-
lican ; and the majority of this body can, there-
fore, under this assumption, impose upon the
people of a State a despotic government, with-
out regard to the will of the people, and ia
