1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1280
to correspond. I am willing that it should be
in the form of a bill or joint resolution; I only
want it congruous.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It would be a very
absurd thing on our statute-book to have a
joint resolution according to the title, and then
to have the language of an act used. I sup-
pose that we had better strain a point, and
change it to a bill according to the House
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the proper course is to strike out the*
word "enacted" where it occurs and insert
the word "resolved."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Very well.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
["Agreed."]
national theological institute.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 590.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 589) to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute," and to define and extend the powers
of the same, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill proposes to change the name of the
corporation chartered by the act of May 10,
1866, to that of the National Theological Insti-
tute and University; to add other corporators,
and to allow the corporation to hold real es-
tate to the value of $250,000; and also to allow
the corporation to confer degrees similar to
those conferred by universities in the United
States.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out the
following words:
That Salmon P. Chase, Charles II. Howard, Sam-
uel C. Pomcroy, and Henry D.Cooke bo added to the
original corporators of the samo.
Mr. MORRILL. There seems to bo no
necessity for that provision, because the act
to which this is an amendment provides fpr
the addition of just such persons as the original
corporators choose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
street railways.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up next
for consideration Senate bill No. 570.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 570) extending the time for the comple-
tion of certain street railways, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting the
following:
That section seventeen of the act to incorporate
the Metropolitan Railroad Company m the District
- of Columbia, approved July 1, ISM, bo, and the
same is hereby, still further amended so as to extend
the time for the completion of their railroad line,
except that part thereof between Seventeenth street
and the Capitol, for three years from the 1st day of
January* 1866.
Mr. MORUILL. *-In 1864 this corporation
was created, and they were to complete their
road in one year. They completed the essen-
tial part of it, that is to say, the road between
the Capitol and the western terminus on Seven-
teenth street. They had a right to continue
beyond here on Capitol hill, and this bill n.pw
extends the time for the completion of that
branch for three years. That is the whole of
it in substance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and theamendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be'engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
t1q oqofl
bailiffs and criers.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (H.
R. No. 856) fixing the compensation for the
bailiffs and criers of the courts of the District
of Columbia, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The first section provides that the bailiffs
and criers, who are required by the marshal
or courts of the District of Columbia ,to attend
upon -the district, circuit, or criminal court of
the District, shall bepaid 53 50 per day for each
day's attendance, instead of two dollars, as
now provided by law, commencing with the 1st
Of January, 1866.
The second section repeals so much of the
act of Congress as limits the number of nota-
ries public to thirty-five, and authorizes the
supreme court of the District to appoint as
many as they deem necessary for the public
convenience.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was agreed to.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
claims for. army supplies.
Mr. WILSON. With the permission of the
Senator from Maine, I should like to call up
a joint resolution which is lying on the table,
merely for the purpose of having it referred to
the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 170) to facilitate the settle-
ment of claims for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished by loyal persons
to the Army of the United States in the late
rebellion be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
relief of drafted micn.
Mr. WILSON. I entered this morning a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 811) for the relief of certain drafted
men was indefinitely postponed. I ask that the
question bo now put on that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
railroad convention at washington.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 204.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 204) to grant certain
privileges to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company in the District
of Columbia, was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being the
amendment of Mr. Grimes to strike out "and
First street west" after "Maryland avenue"
in lino thirteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendmentwas concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
government of southern states.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiikrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
1143) to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. ' I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed at once with the bill which has just come
from the House of Representatives, at least so
far as to have it read to-day. Let us have the
first reading of the bill right off. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will lay before the Senate for its first reading
a bill from the House of Representatives.
The Secretary. A bill (H. R. No. 1143)
to provide for the more efficient government
of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection
to the first reading. Now, the second reading
.of the bill, Mr. President,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
have its second reading, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie over.
rights of married women.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
492, which was read on a former day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
492) to protect the rights of married women,
and for other purposes, in tho District of Co-
lumbia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for tho
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
insurance agencies.
Mr. MORRILL. I move next to lake up for
consideration Senate bill No, 477. ^
The motion was agreed to; and tho bill (S.
No. 477) to.amend an act entiled " An act to
continue, alter, and amend the charter of the .
city of Washington," approved May 17, 1848,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to amend the second section of
the act approved May 17, 1848, so as to read,
"to license, tax, and regulate agencies of all
kinds of insurance companies, provided that
the tax or license shall notoxceed three fourths
of one per cent, upon tho cash premiums re-
ceived."
The Committee on theDistrictof Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out the
words "three fourths of" before "one" in
line eight; so as to read, "the tax or license
shall not exceed one per cent, upon the cash
premiums received."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read tho third time, and passed.
limited partnerships.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S.
No. 128) authorizing limited partnerships in
the District of Columbia, was considered as in
Committee of tho Whole. . It providos that lim-
ited partnerships for the transaction of any mer-
cantile, mechanical, or manufacturing business
within the District of Columbia may be formed
by two or more persons upon the terms, with
the rights and powers, and subject to the con-
ditions and liabilities prescribed in the bill.
Such partnership may consist of one or more
persons, who shall be called general partners,
and who shall be jointly and severally respon-
sible as general partners are by law, and of
one or more persons, who shall contribute_ in
actual cash payments a specific sum as capital
to the common stock, who shall be called spe-
cial partners, and who shall not be liable for
the debts of tho partnership beyond the fund
so contributed by him or them to the capital;
but the number of special partners shall m no
partnership exceed six. The bill contains many
details to carry out the purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a bill of some little
detail; it contains a number of sections to pro-
vide for the relations between general part-
nerships and special partnerships, in what are
called limited partnerships. Such provisions^
are well known in many of the States. The
provisions of this bill are taken chiefly from
the statutes of New York upon this subject,
which have been regarded as being as perfect
and full as any. The bill subtantially contains
the provisions of the laws of the State of New
York, which for many years have operated in
that State to the general acceptance of the pub-
lic. I do not know that anything more need
be said in regard to the proposition.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
