THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS:
February 13,
SPECIAL JURIES. FOR DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the. bill (S. No. 449) authorizing special
juries in the Districtof Columbia. It provides
that in any suit or action pending in the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and.- in any-
criminal prosecution pending in that court,
either party to such suit, and the district
attorney, or the respondent, in any criminaL
prosecution, may apply to any of the judges
for an order for a special jury for the trial of
such suit or prosecution; and if it shall be
made to appear to the satisfaction.of the judges
that an impartial trial of the suit or. prosecution
cannot be had by a jury selected within the
District, the judges, shall make an order that
a special jury be drawn for the trial of such
suit or prosecution, to be selected from such
county without the District as such judges shall
direct. The order is to direct the number of
jurors to be drawn, and to name two persons
to select the jurors, and upon the return of a
certificate by the persons appointed of the jurors
selected, the court is to issue a venire to the
marshal of the District to summon the jurors
so selected to attend upon a day named-in the
venire, and the court may specially assign a
day for tho trial of such suit or prosecution.
From the persons so drawn and summoned a
jury shall be selected by lot, and the same
right of challenge may be exercised as by law
is given^ in other cases. The marshal, for
summoning such jurors, shall be entitled to
foes now provided by law, and the jurors shall
be bound to obey the summons, and the court
niaycompcl their attendance as if they resided
within the District. Tho jurors shall receive
 dollars for each day's attendance, and 
cents per mile for travel. The costs occasioned
by such special jury may by such court be
ordered to be paid in whole or in part by the
party applying therefor, and may be taxed and
recovered, as costs, in whole or in part, as
sucli court may direct.
An amendment was proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Districtof Columbia to insert
after the word'' District," in the fourteenth line,
the words "in an adjoining State;" so as to
read : " to he selected from such county without
the District in an adjoining Stato as such iudsre
shall direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORIIILL. In order to perfect the bill,
t move to fill the blank space m line twenty-
nine with the word "three," so as to read,
" three dollars for each day's attendance."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. And in line thirty, before
tho word "cents!," I move to insert "ten," so
as to read, "ten cents per mile for travel."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there
is a grave objection to this measure, if I have
any understanding of what our system of Gov-
ernment is. This District of Columbia is a
thing apart from all tho States in this Union,
and it seems to me astrange.and extraordinary
thing to propose that in determining causes at
issue in the District of Columbia jurors should
be drawn^ from States outside of the District.
I should like to understand upon what princi-
Ple>by what rule of governmental law, by what
rule that belongs to our system of government,
yoxi can go out of the Districtof Columbia and
bring in irom foreign States, because for this
<^)urpose they are foreign, from communities
outside of the District of Columbia jurors here
to try causes m this District, which was intended
to be an independent jurisdiction, subject alone
to federal law,and not governed by the laws of
Virginia or Maryland or any other surrounding
State. It seems to me a, very strange proposi-
tion.^ That it is against fundamental law and
that it is unconstitutional I have no doubt
If Congress should say that for certain rea-
sons particular causes might be sent into a
county in the State of Maryland to be tried
because a jury could not be properly found
here, that would be a different thing. Then
it would go to the justiciary in Maryland or in
Virginia, or anywhere else ; but I cannot pos-
sibly understand by what principle you eanT
bring jurors from States outside of the District,
which are independent jurisdictions, into this
District to try causes here. This District was
established at first, and is under the Constitu-
tion, a distinct and independent jurisdiction.
I was not aware that it was the view of the
majority of the committee that the chairman,
who so well represents the committee, should
report this bill, or I should have objected to
it in committee.
Mr. MORRILL. It was reported before you
were a member of the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then, beingamember
now, and being a Senator, I have the same
right to object.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It would be a very
strange thing, and a great departure from all
law and' from all principle and from all the
rules that govern legislation and administra:
tion, and particularly the conduct of the jus
ticiary, to bring in juries from Maryland or
Virginia to try causes in the^supreme court
of the District of Columbia. If there be any
reason to doubt that a fair trial can be had in
the District of Columbia I think you may pass
a law to send a particular cause, where that
doubt arises, to tne first jurisdiction, where a
fair trial may be had, there to be tried by a
judge and jury. Nothing other has ever been
known to the common law of England or any
other administration I have known or heard
of or read of in our time or written in our
language.
Mr. POLAND. I am not a member of the
committee that reported this bill; but it has
so happened that my attention has been called
to this subject, and I have some acquaintance
with this measure and with some of the rea-
sons why such a measure is called up. The
substance of the bill is to authorize the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, in a
cause where in their disci'etion a jury cannot
be drawn in this District that will give the case
a fair trial, to send out of the District and sum-
mon a jury from without the limits of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to try the case here.
My friend from California insists that we
have no power to do this.' I hardly under-
stand the force of the Senator's argument on
that subject. Wo have a right to make laws
for this District, and to a certain extent Con-
gress have a right to make laws that shall gov-
ern all over the United States. We make laws
in reference to the drawing of jurors to attend
in tho district and circuit courts of the United
States, and why we have not the power to send
out of the limits of the District of Columbia to
summon a jury to try a case here is more than
I am able to understand.
It was a principle of the common law and a
principle that is generally recognized in all
the States of tho Union, I believe, that crimi-
nal trials were to take place in the county
where the offense was committed. This is the
case in my own State: I presume this is the
case generally in all the States of the Union.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator al-
low me to ask him a question : what is the true
interpretation of "a jury of the vicinage?"
Mr. POLAND. I will explain that. The
reason for this requirement that the trial
should be in the county where the offense
was committed was that you were to get a jury
who knew_all about it. You must get a jury
of the vicinity so as to get persons who were
well acquainted with the transaction. I agree
that that was the legal jury of the early com-
mon law; but the theory of the law in these
latter days, as now administered by the courts
of the United States and of every State in tho
Union, is precisely the contrary. The object
and purpose of all laws now in relation to juries
is to_ get persons who are not only entirely im-
partial, but who have 110 knowledge whatever
in relation to the case or the transaction that
they are called upon to try.
Now, I have been told by men who are ac-
quainted with the trial of cases in this District,
I have been told by some of the judges of the
court in this District, that wherever a man was
put on trial for an offense, no matter what the
form of the offense was^ where the gist, the
real gravamen of the crime against him was
that he had stolen money out of the Treasury
belonging, to the Government,, it was utterly
impossible to get; a-jury within the limits of
this District that would convict him, no matter
what the evidence might be. Taking money
belonging to the. Government was not regarded
here really as.an.offense, anda man could not
be convicted for it. Then there are certain
cases of a political complexion that come
before the courts here: there are various suits
pending now in the courts of this District
brought for arrests and imprisonment that took
place during the war ; and I am told by those
who have good means of knowing that it is
utterly impossible that a jury should be drawn
under any law that prevails here in this Dis-
trict by which a fair trial can be afforded to
the officers of the Government in such cases.
I agree that the theory of the common law
originally was as the Senator from California
states. The original object was to get a jury
as near the transaction as possible, those who
knew all about it, but the law upon that
subject and the reason of the law have been
entirely reversed- In all the States a change
of venue is allowed, by which either a civil
or criminal case is sent from one county to
another county to have the trial there. That is
for the purpose of getting it into a community
where there' is nothing known of the subject,
where there is no feeling or opinion on the
subject. It seems to me that is an entire
answer to the objection that is made here.
Instead of sending the case abroad, to be tried
by another court and jury, we bring a jury from
abroad to try the case here. It seems to me
that the provisions of this bill are eminently
wise and just, and that it ought to pass.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do not
think the learned gentleman from Vermont,
for whose opinions and judgment in the law I
have the most profound respect, is exactly
accurate in the terms used by him. The "jury
of the vicinage" did not mean a person who
knew all about the transaction. That was only
the law of the hundred. When a man was
picked up for breaking a pasture-ground or
committing some common and small injury in
the neighborhood ho was attended to by the
hundred ; but the "jury of the vicinage" was a
larger term than the judgment of the hundred,
or I have forgotten altogether what little law I
did read in my juvenile days. The "jury of
the vicinage" involved this as distinct from
the knowledge of the thing, that they knew
the men; that is, if the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the District Committee, was
accused of a foul action, the popular opinion
of the whole neighborhood would know it was
a falsehood, and would denounce it as such, and
therefore he could not be fairly accused before
the first magistrate. _ Consequent from that
was the voice of the vicinage, so that when a '
man was accused he had the benefit- of charac-
ter, as he was known either for an evil or a
good man. It is true that as years passed
along that had to be changed ; but the only
change has been made by removing it, not
from the vicinage, but where "the immediate
vicinage could be charged on oath with special
prejudice from violent feelings or from some
extraneous cause ; then it might be asked that
it should go to the next immediate vicinage.
That is the law of the change of venue, and it
has never gone in this country beyond from
one county to another. There never has been
a change of venue in this country, in my judg-
ment, more than beyond one county.
The most desperate controversy that I re-
member now was when Judge Wilkinson had
a controversyin Kentucky and killed his tailor,
and they carried it into the adjacent county,
Garrard county, I think. There never has
been known a change of venue to carry a trAil
beyond tho first adjacent county. This is start-
