1916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
policy of relieving the iron, the raw material,
trom tax, and taxing these manufactured arti-
cles. And, sir, while I am up oa this subject,
I will say that I shall feel prepared to vote for
a very considerable reduction of internal taxes,
even at the risk of having less than eighty
millions in excess of the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for a year's revenue.
We have, as I believe, nearly taxed many of
the industries of the country to death; and
it is time that we stopped. If we do not stop,
they will stop. But, sir, I do not wish to oc-
cupy time. I know how valuable it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
that can bear taxation better than steam loco-
motives and marine engines. It is a tax prob-
ably as easily collected as any in the whole list
of internal taxation. They are articles of
manifest inspection, the value of which is fixed,
made in a few shops in the United States where
the tax can be readily assessed. We have re-
moved all forms of taxation on the crude iron
which is made in a great number of shops,
produced in a great variety of forms. When
it assumes the form of a locomotive or a marine
engine it is an article of value and of use, the
highest form of iron manufacture ; and there-
fore it seems to me that when we are selecting
objects to be relieved from taxation this is
among the last to be selected. It is not be-
cause locomotives are not valuable, for they
are of immense value; and so of marine en-
gines, but because they are articles which can
be most readily taxed, which can bear taxa-
tion. A tax on such articles is paid mainly by
corporations ; and therefore it is the cheapest
form of taxation. When you come to small
articles like buckets and common domestic
ware, that are made all over the country, I
think it is very proper to relieve them from
taxation; but these heavy articles which can
be easily reached, the tax on which can be
easily levied, it seems to me ought to be the
last to be relieved.
It is manifest that we cannot now extend
the relief that we hoped for six months ago.
Our internal taxation receipts are falling off
rapidly; and unless Senators will remember
when they are appropriating money that taxes
are necessary to meet the appropriations, they
•will find that it will be necessary to keep up a
very formidable tax list. We cannot expect
to raise revenue enough from imported goods
to pay the interest on the public debt; so that
we have to depend on our internal revenue to
pay our expenses and to meet the enormous
appropriations made by the present Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say that our internal rev-
enue is greatly falling off, becoming reduced
in amount?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do say so.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like very much
to hear some explanation why that result is
now upon us ; how it happens that our inter-
nal revenue is falling off; what are the causes
of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It happens simply because
not as many things are made now as were
made a year ago, and not as many things are
sold as were sold a year ago, and the business
of the country is not so prosperous as it was a
year ago. That is the reason.
Mr. HOWARD. Is not this reduction the
result in a very great degree of losses occur-
ring in the collection of the internal revenue
in consequence of the bad management of
that revenue by the head of the proper depart-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the chief
cause of the loss of revenue is because people
will manufacture whisky without paying the
tax on it. But so far as these articles are con-
cerned we can reach them, and I do not
know that there is any attempt to evade taxa-
tion upon them; nor can taxation be easily
evaded on locomotives and marine engines.
As to who is at fault in regard to collecting
the revenue I imagine that many officers are
at fault. If the Senator can find a way by
which we can get only honest men to collect
the revenue, I should think he would be a very
valuable officer of the Government, and I
should like to see him made Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is not igno-
rant of the fact that there have been a great
many revolutions and changes in the revenue
department, and that hundreds and thousands
of officers who were perfectly competent, hon-
est., and prompt and regular, have been turned
out of office within the last year, to make room
for parvenues, adventurers, and incompetent
men. What have been the effects upon the
amount collected of this revolution in our
force ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the whole-
sale removal of revenue officers has been very
injurious to the public revenue, and I think I
have been as anxious to prevent that by reject-
ing political appointments as any one in the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. No doubt about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the same time I do
not think that is a matter which has anything
to do with this. The gentleman at the head
of the Internal Revenue Bureau is not only
an honest and able man, but also politically
right, so that we cannot very well find fault with
him.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. I would state also that
; last year we relieved the freight business of
j tax ; took away all tax from freight receipts,
and now we are taking it off iron. It is impos-
sible to take taxes off everything. If we do
we cannot get revenue to support the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot admit the force
of one of the<arguments, and the principal one
made by the Senator from Ohio, that we can
j certainly tax that which we can easiest catch,
J so to speak. Because a locomotive cannot be
put out of the way, and we can certainly col-
lect the tax on it, therefore he says we should
impose a tax upon it. If that is to be the basis
of taxation we shall find taxation very un-
equally applied. It is very true that a loco-
motive is easily caught, except when under a
full head of steam, and that is given as a rea-
son why we should tax it. I think that is the
least of reasons.
In this connection let me say that I think
there is additional reason from any that has
been suggested here for the falling off in rev-
enue. For some reason or other, I think,
against the great majority of the opinion of the
country and of the persons experienced in col-
lecting revenue, the committees of the two
Houses of Congress have determined contin-
ually to keep the tax upon manufactured spirits
at two dollars per gallon ; creating the highest
possible reward for evasions of the law, for
perjuries, for the commission of the highest
crimes known to the law, and really spreading
among the people a source of corruption such
as has never before been furnished. My in-
formation on this subject is obtained exclu-
sively from honest men engaged in the collec-
tion of the public revenue, and they uniformly
and all testify that it is impossible to collect
the revenue upon spirits at two dollars per'
gallon. But our committees, for whom I have
great respect, having begun to collect it at two
dollars per gallon, are determined to enforce
its collection; and the manner in which they
enforce the collection is such that they lose
millions of dollars of revenue ; that they enrich
the worst men in the country; that they fail to
get revenue; and I will say here that I am pre-
pared for a reduction of the tax on spirits as
a means of obtaining revenue and increasing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
takes his seat, I wish to ask him if he has con-
sidered the effect of a large reduction of the
tax upon the dealers who now hold whisky in
quantities. I agree with what he ha3 said with
regard to an excessive tax upon whisky or
upon any other article; it defeats revenue.
But I have felt, and I suppose the committees
have felt, an embarrassment in the way of a
reduction, with a view to revenue. I have felt
embarrassed because of the effect it would
have in breaking up nearly all the men who
are dealing in that article. I do not see how
that is to be avoided.
Mr. CONNESS. There is force in the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator, and I have
thought of it; but shall we be deterred from
doing a great right lest some injury occur to
some part of the country? Shall we remain
attached to a system of taxation that keeps
, money out of the Treasury, that corrupts the
people, simply because a change will bring
i injury to a part of the people? It is better
I that that injury should come. I think it is not
I impossible to devise means by which a large
amount of that injury may be averted. But I
am concluded upon one point, and that is that
it is vain to attempt to collect revenue, that it
is a crime to attempt to impose and collect the
present tax on spirits, because it is a patron-
■ age of crime.
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see any reason
why the tax should not be continued upon lo-
j comotives and marine engines. They are gen-
| erally used in a very profitable business, pur-
chased by companies of large means, who are
able to pay the increased price occasioned by
the tax that is imposed. 1 shall vote for this
; amendment unless some reason be given that
I have not heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been stated by
the Senator from Ohio, who of course has the
facts or else he would not have made the state-
ment, that the revenue is falling off greatly. I
would be obliged to him if he would state what
' was the difference between the revenue col-
lected in December, 1866, and January, 1867,
and the revenue collected in December, 1865,
and January, 1866. I should like to know
what the falling off amounts to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not prepared on this
sudden call to give the precise figures; but I
know that the general fact is so, and I can
furnish the precise amounts perhaps by to-
morrow. I can to-morrow morning get a state-
ment of the actual revenue and the falling off
from the highest authority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are to act on any
such assumption, we ought to have definite in-
formation. I should like to know the extent
of the falling off. I was not aware that there
was any considerable falling off. I know that
we collect much less revenue some months
than others ; but as compared with the revenue
collected a year ago in the corresponding
months I was not aware there was any con-
siderable decline, anything that affected mate-
rially the revenue of the country. I shall be
glad to see the tables, or see the amount so that
we can know what it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Commissioner
states that the falling off recently from the cor-
responding months of last year is something
like four or five millions per month, but we
cannot tell yet exactly.
Mr. CONNESS. That would only be $48,-
000,000 a year, while the excess last year over
the estimates of the Secretary was more than
eighty millions. I do not think there need be
any fear about that. Besides, there is another
important consideration. Last year we paid
off the Army. It is true, we owe the Army yet
something in the way of bounties ; but last
year was a year of very heavy outlay and ex-
penditure. It appears to me the Finance Com-
mittee ought to be prepared here, and able to
state very closely and with great accuracy, the
proper estimates for the present and the com-
ing year, both the outlay and the income. I
do not see how our taxes can be intelligently
laid unless we have these figures before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cowan. Orapin,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
®en  Hendricks, Johnson, Lane, Morgan, Poland,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Davis, Howard, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Boss,
Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Doolittle, Fogg, Foster,
Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kirk-
