m
TBM 0<MGBES.SK)NAL OLOBB.
January 15,
which' -fiiey are refused any representation,
which " is the very-soul of a republic, and (Ms
Under pretest of performing' She constitutional
duty of guarantying to the Slates a republican
form of government.
- [Here the hammer felL'f ■
Mr. HIGBY- Mr. Speafee^, a great deal of
argument may besaveaupon 'this question by
& simple statement of #<icta. The Territory of
Nebraska has -eoine here with a State coosti-
tution asking'Oeifgress 4o admit the Territory
as one of the States of this Union. The fact
Cannot be denied that in asking this of Con-
gress they ask it Without possessing .a poptiia,-
tiofi '-Which, under the apportionment of 1560,
would entitle them to ©ne -member of Congress.
I admit, however, that that is not an-argument
against the proposed action of Congress, for
Territories :hav-e been admitted as -States when
their population was much less than that re-
quired -by -the apportionment of Representa-
tives ; but they are here asking a concession
at the hands of Congress such as -has been the
ease in all other instances where Territories
have been admitted with a less population than
that required by the -apportionment of Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Mr. Speaker, it ig but -a few days si«ee the
House voted upon this -very gaestfcm, and that,
too, not upon-a local bill, hat upon a genera;!
taw for the Territories of the' union, provid-
ing that the elective franchise shall not be
restricted to the white male eitizens of -the Ter-
ritories, but that -restriction will be taken away
by this bill if the House passes it and the Presi-
dent signs itand it becomes a law. This House
stands to-day committed to that principle, from
which it cannot go. back, and to-day Nebraska
is one of those Territories in regard to which this
House is committed to that principle a® much
as it is in regard to any' other'Territory within
the limits of the United States; -
Pass this bill, wMS either the Senate provis-
ion or the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Botitwell], and,
according to the argument of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] and also of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. I)bla-no,]-we restrict the elect-
ive franchise so far as the principle which we
have declared by our votes on this floor is con-
cerned.
Now, it is claimed that it is not entirely a
stretch of power on our part, but it is such a
■ use of it as is not sanctioned by good judg-
ment and discretion, for us to attempt to dic-
tate to Nebraska who shall vote or who shall
not vote within her'limits. Sir, let me call the
attention of every member of this House to
one thing: we have made some advance since
the last session of Congress. At that session
the Colorado bill came here from the Senate,
and it passed this House with the same restric-
tions that were in the Nebraska bill before the
third section was put upon it in the Senate.
But we have progressed somewhat since that
time. It is very doubtful from -the indications
given -out by the present debate whether Colo-
rado, Nebraska, or any other Territory which
comes here with- a constitution containing the
word "white" can receive for its admission
a majority of the votes upon -this floor. Dur-
ing one year of time this body has made good
progress.
Now, I would call the attention of this House
to this point: while gentlemen are talking about
the exercise of ]jower here, I ask gentlemen in
what direction is that power exercised? It is
not exercised for the purpose of restricting the
elective franchise, but of extending it. It is on
the road to liberty and to right and to equal
and impartial justice. And let no man on this
side of the House get ap here and pretend to
argue this question-of power, when it is exer-
cised on that-road and in -that direction. No
man can argue that question in -sincerity and in
integrity who is truly loyal to his country. I
say that every step which we, as the national
Legislature, take to extend impartial justice,
impartial right, and impartial suffrage-is a step
in t,he right direction, and is the exercise of a
power which we should exercise.
"No member upon this floor will rise and tell
us that-we are obliged to admit one of these
Territories as -a State. -It is -within the discre-
tion of this .Congress whether it will or -not ad-
mit any Territory as® State. When a Territory
comes here and asks to be admitted as a State
let it come 'here with -clean hands and a pure
House a ajeiaber from one of the States of
this Union; let lit come with impartial justice
written lipon its .constitution, or let it "keep
away from these Halls. The peopl§ of Ne-
brab%-a, and those here who urge us to votefor
their admission as a State, ask us to take -a
step backward in ou.r course for the sake of
tfheir -own advancement for the time -being.
Now let our course be onward ; and if the-
people of any Territory desire anything at our
hands, let them fit themselyes for the present
condition of affairs in our country, and not
ask us to go back upon our course.
At the last session of Congress we passed
what is popularly known as the '' civil rights
bill," -and it became a- law. By that law
every .native-born person in this country; with-
out regard to distinction of race or color, was
declared to be a citizen of the United States.
And y-et it would seem that my friend &om
New York [Mr. Hale] is as much an old fogy
as he was before the great rebellion through
which we have just passed. I think he must
have forgotten how many of the noble men of
this nation have been 'buried beneath the sod
during the struggle for the preservation of this
Government, and how many billions oar coun-
try is in debt from carrying on the war for the
preservation of its existence and the liberties
of its citizens.
Sir, it is said that the right to vote is a priv-
ilege which we enjoy. I did not know that it
was simply a privilege which I enjoyed. If it
is a privilege, then I would like to know who
extended to me that privilege ; I would like to
know the origin of the power to extend it. It
has been claimed that the people of the Uni-
ted States possess the sovereign power in this
country; and if you make any distinction by
reason of race or color, it is because might
makes right, and on no other ground.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether the enabling act for the
admission of the Territory of Nebraska does
not limit the right of suffrage to white persons,
and .whether if so we ought now to impose any-
condition upon thatTerritory which the enabling
act does not impose?
Mr. HIGBY. I .will answer the gentleman
by saying that I do not so understand the ena-
bling act. If the gentleman will examine that
act closely I think he will find that it refers to
the principles contained in the Declaration of
Independence, which will give a very different
phase to that question. I think those princi-
ples should be interpreted aright by this time;
and if they are, then those who are governed
are the persons to speak upon the question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Ought we now to give an
interpretation to the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence, which we did not give
to them when we passed that enabling act?
Mr. HIGBY. 1 understand that the inter-
pretation given then was the same as that given
now; I so interpreted it, and I presume others
did upon this floor. If we have been giving
the lie to the principles of the Declaration of
Independence, then we better soon turn from
the error of our ways. I think the great diffi-
culty under which the country has been labor-
ing- for the last six years grew out of a wrong
application of the principles entertained in the
Declaration of Independence.
Sir,_the simple question here is whether we
impartial suffrage to all her citizens, or whether,
by rejecting that amendment; we will allow her
to be admitted into the Union without impar-
tial suffrage. And that ia the ^question to be
decided by our vote upon the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell. ]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I attempted to get the floor
before the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hiss,] for the purpose of responding briefly
to the remarks of the gentleman from New
Yprk '[Mr. Hale] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] because it seemed to me
that they were entirely mistaken in their facts.
The gentleman from Ohio asked whether we
dare do certain things. Mr. Speaker, I dare
do whatever I believe to be right; and I dare do
right, though my action may not accord with
what I have done in the past, either because "I
wasaot then sufficiently enlightened, or because
to have struggled for the point would have beea
to struggle palpably against fate.
The gentleman from -Ohio sap we voted to
admit Tennessee with a constitution disfran-
chising her colored citizens. I say to him—
" Never shake thy gon* locks at me;
Thou canst not say I djd it."
I am, sir, one of twelve who saw that the
members of this House were by that act estab-
lishing a precedent that must embarrass and
might control them for evil in the future. - Eew
though we were, we tried to save the gentleman
from Ohio and those who yielded to his per-
suasive eloquence from the dilemnja in which
they were placing themselves, and Tennessee
made no precedent for as.
We have before us the establishment of gov-
ernments for an empire grander in extent and
national wealth than any on earth save Russia.
In legislating for Tennessee we forgot the
lawyer's maxim, that "good cases make bad
precedents," and did what now comes back
to plague us. .But I implore geijtlemen not
to strengthen that precedent, by adding the
case of Nebraska to that of Tennessee and
that of Colorado to Nebraska, so that the south-
ern people when they come with constitutions
excluding races from^the rights of citizenship
may well charge us with acting invidiously if
we hold them to the standard we profess to
have established.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale]
said that if the idea of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] of a repub-
lican form of government was correct, then
there never had been outside of the New Eng-
land States, and there but one or two States,
which had republican forms of government.
Sir, he has not read the history of his coun-
try or he would not have made that assertion.
When the Constitution of the United States
was adopted, every State that entered the
Union, except South Carolina, was republican
in form and was republican in the respect
considered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell.] South Carolina was
the only State which by its primitive constitu-
tion debarred men from their right of suffrage
by reason of race or color or previous con-
dition.
And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
turned to me and asked whether, while Penn-
sylvania denies the right to forty thousand of
her citizens, I dare insist upon requiring new
States to concede it to men as dark as they.
As I have said, I dare insist upon doing what-
ever seems to me to be right, but dare not do
that which is palpably wrong; more than that,
sir, I dare not pile wrong upon wrong. Be-
cause I cannot persuade the people of my native
State to do right, or because we have bound
ourselves by constitutional limitations, un-
changeable for a series of years, to maintain
oppression, I will not consent to establish
wrong in Nebraska. No, sir, I dare not plead
a great wrong which I cannot repair as my
justification for perpetrating an injustice I can
avert.
Every free man in the Territory of Nebraska
has by act of Congress the right of suffrage; I
believe I am right in that. But it is sneeringly
said that there are only some eight or ninp
hundred colored men ftere. Sir, to-day those
