478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
only require an action of tire State Legislature
which' may:;be repealed the day after it is
enacted, and for that single object it proposes
to, send the whole matter back to the terri-
torial Legislature and thus postpone it indef-
initely, because if it goes over beyond this
session of Congress the whole subject drops
and must be taken up:<fe novo; if by delay this
Congress fails to act the whole matter must
be originated anew in the next Congress.
Now, I am-unwilling to incur t*he delay that
•would, necessarily result from action of the
character proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, when I can discover no. prac-
tical good that would be accomplished. I prefer
the bilL in the shape in which it originally came
from the Senate, not because I think the pro-
vision contained in the third section more
effective than the amendment proposed, for I
have already attempted to show that it has no
binding validity whatever, but because by all
the proposed action and delay still nothing
would be accomplished.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, several gen-
tlemen have asked exultingly if anybody denies
that this is a Republic, and that the States are
republics. Sir, anything is a republic which
you choose to call a republic. Borne was a
republic under her worst consuls and emperors.
They called it so. There have been republics
everywhere in the midst of despotism. You
may call what you choose a republic. What
I am to speak to now is the Republic intended
by the Declaration of Independence, and I
deny that this Government has ever been such
a republic ; I deny that the State of Pennsyl-
vania, to which reference was made, is a repub-
- lie; and that is an answer to the gentleman; I
wish this Congress would take it in hand and
make it a republic.
Now, what was the Republic contemplated
by the Declaration of Independence? "All
men are created free and equal" and "allright-
ful government is founded oti the consent of
the governed." Nothing short of that is the
Republic intended by the Declaration. But we
are now attempting to build a perfect Republic.
We are now attempting to finish a structure
■whose foundations were laid nearly a century
ago. That structure is the temple of liberty,
where all nations may worship. Men who, if
ever there were demi-gods deserved that name,
suddenly appeared on the scene of political
action—the Adamses, Thomas Jefferson, and
their compeers, and created an epoch in the
science of government. Rejecting the old doc-
trine of hereditary succession and the divine
right of kings, they boldly proclaimed the
equality of the human race, and asserted that
the right of all government was founded on
the consent of the governed. Upon this Dec-
laration alone stood the American Revolution.
The people then had no actual grievance which
would justify the shedding of one drop of hu-
man blood.
But they fought and bled for this sublime
idea. In this sign they conquered. But when
peace and security had come, and the several
sovereignties attempted to "form a more per-
fect Union," they found themselves obstructed
by a pernicious and unyielding institution in
direct hostility to their avowed principles, and
they were obliged to trust to time to eradicate
it. They left the foundation firm, beautiful,
and imperishable, and waited for the arrival
of this propitious period to complete the super-
Structure. What a glorious sight it were to
look in upon this Hall and see those great men
revived, rejuvenated—occupying their seats
and finishing their imperfect work, proclaiming
universal liberty and equality to the human
race! But that may not be. They have left
this scene of action, as we soon shall, never to
return. They enjoined upon their posterity to
complete their labor. Are we that posterity
or are we bastards? Are we the legitimate
descendants of the men of the Revolution, or
did some untutored horde of the dark ages
break in and corrupt the progeny? If we fail
to complete this superstructure in harmony
with the foundation, we must be dwarfs in
intellect or in moral courage.
Gentlemen loudly ask is not this a Repub-
lic? I measure it by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, as I did twenty years ago in this
Hall when I denounced it as a despotism.
Call you that a free Republic where there are
twenty million rulers and four million slaves—
human beings without one human right?
South Carolina has two hundred thousand
whites and four hundred thousand men of
color. Both are men; both have immortal
souls. The two hundred thousand absolutely
rule the four hundred thousand. They have
no voice in anything connected with the gov-
ernment which rules them. Is this a Govern-
ment deriving its force from the consent of the
governed? Shame upon American statesmen,
who in this day of their power hold such vile
doctrine! Do not delay, give us now the Re-
public of the Declaration of Independence,
and let the world behold and admire.
I would like to add a few things more, but
am not well enough.
Mr. RAYMOND. I believe the question
immediately before the House is upon the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bodtwell] to the third
section of the bill as it came to us from the
Senate. I am inclined to vote for that amend-
ment for this simple reason, that it makes
clear and explicit the purpose which the third
section of the bill leaves very rague and uncer-
tain.
The third section professes to make provis-
ion for extending all civil and political rights
to all races and conditions of men in Nebraska
as the fundamental and imperative condition
of the admission of the State of Nebraska into
the Union. But gentlemen on this floor do
not agree whether the section accomplishes
that object or not; the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] says he will vote for this bill,
because he regards that third section as utterly
null and void; the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Faknsworth] says he will vote for the
bill because he regards that third section as
full and effective; and the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] says he shall feel con-
strained to vote against the bill, because that
third section as it stands can have no binding
effect whatever.
Now, when I vote I would like to know for
what I am voting. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] is clear, distinct, precise, and
effective. It provides that this act shall take
effect when, and only when, the Legislature of
Nebraska shall have .fulfilled the conditions
imposed upon the State by the amendment;
then by proclamation of the President, and
without any further action by Congress, Ne-
braska is to be admitted as a State into this
Union.
And I will take occasion to say that I am
moreover in favor of the main provision uuder
debate here, the extension, whenever it can be
done by competent authority, of equal rights to
all races and conditions of men. I do not be-
lieve there is any shadow of reason why the
right of suffrage, as well as all civil rights, all
personal rights, all rights pertaining to or enjoy-
able under a republican Government, should
be extended to one class of men and denied to
another because of a difference in their color,
their condition, or their race. The only pre-
tense of a reason that ever existed for any such
discrimination grew out of the institution of
slavery, out of the fact that one race as a race
was held in abject submission, and was not
civilly, personally, socially, or in any other
way the equal of the race that ruled the land.
But with slavery perished the last shadow of
reason for any such discrimination. I have,
therefore, never neglected any opportunity to
vote to make, wherever this Government had
the power so to do, the civil and political rights
of the colored man equal to the rights of all
other men. And the question whether suf-
frage be or be not a natural and inalienable
right or the gift of the Government has noth-
ing to do with my opinion on this point. If
suffrage be a natural right, then the colored
man, equally with the white man, should be
allowed to enjoy it. If it be only a privilege
restingupon considerations of policy, then good
policy requires its extension to him as well as
to men of other races. I hold that whether
it be an inalienable right or simply a matter of
policy, it nevertheless is true, as a general prin-
ciple in every republican Government, that all
who are required to obey the laws should have_
a voice, directly or indirectly, in making those*
laws.
I shall therefore vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] though not for the reasons
nor on the gounds assigned by him ; nor do I
mean to say that I shall vote for the bill whether
it shall or shall not have beeu thus amended.
That question I shall reserve for further con-
sideration. There are many other questions
entering into its decision beside the question
of suffrage. There is a great question, a ques-
tion of paramount interest to me and to the
State which I in part represent, which I can-
not help considering: the question whether
it is just and wise and politic to allow the great
States of the Union, such as New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Ohio, the old, populous, and
powerful States, to be overborne, year after
year, in one branch of the Legislature of the
nation by States whose population is not suffi-
cient to entitle them to a single member upon
this floor. 1 do not think it good policy ; I think
it unwise, unjust, and if pushed to the extreme
to which it seems likely to be pushed, calcu-
lated to work fundamental and most important
changes in the whole structure of the Govern-
ment. Why, sir, we all know that sometimes
in England when the ministry finds it necessary
to have additional votes to pass some favorite
measure they add to the peerage by creating
peers for the purpose, so that the vote under
their control in the House of Lords may be
made sufficient for the purpose. Sir, this cre-
ation of new States is liable to the same abuse,
if it has not already been subjected to it.
Then again, as to the power of Congress over
the constitutions of new States that are coming
in, that is a very grave question which I think
has not been at all settled by the discussions
which have been had upon it. Gentlemen on
this floor maintain the right of Congress not
only to prescribe conditions of admission, but
actually to create constitutions for the States
to be admitted ; and yet they claim this power
under the pretense—for it can be nothing more
—that it rests on that clause of the Constitu-
tion which declares that the United States shall
guaranty to those States a republican form of
government. Now, I shall not enter into the
discussion of what is oris not a republican form
of government; but certainly it seems to pe
clear that the assent of the people, the action
of the people, the will of the people to be gov-
erned, should enter, in a more or less restrict-
ed form, into the creation ot' the fundamental
law by which that people are to be governed
if it is to be a republican form of government.
Now, if we here in Congress dictate a consti-
tution for the State of Nebraska and force it
upon the people of that State, can we call that
a republican form of government? We pre-
scribe a constitution, a fundamental law, to the
people of Nebraska, and then because they
accept the terms which we impose we say they
have a republican form of government.
Now, sir, I cannot quite assent to what have
been stated as historical facts by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] I did not
know that ltome was called a republic under
Nero or under Trajan. It may be that any
government which we call a republic is a re-
public ; but on no other ground certainly can
we consider the government of Nebraska a
republican form of government, if she comes
in uuder a constitution which we dictate to and
impose upon her. I, however, honor the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to-day, as I have
had occasion to do many times before,_ for the
courage with which he follows his principles
