1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Judgment of the collector, there shall be a general
Donded warehouse so located as to be conveniently
accessible to a distillery, and in the same collection
district, the said collector shall direct all spirits
which may be stored in the bonded warehouse at-
tached to such distillery to be transferred directly to
a general bonded warehouse; and all spirits thereaf-
ter produced in such distillery shall be removed to a
general bonded warehouse within the time and in
the manner heretofore required for removal to the
bonded warehouse attached to the distillery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add to sec-
tion [forty-one] twenty "nor to sales made by
judicial and executive officers under the order
or decree of any court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [forty-
three] twenty-two, line two, to strike oat
"transportation" before "bond," and after
" bond" to insert "under which any distilled
spirits shall have been withdrawn from a bonded
warehouse."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of
section [forty-three] twenty-two to insert'' by''
after "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-four, as follows:
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall falsely represent himself to bo a revenue
officer of the United States, and shall in such as-
sumed character demand or receive any money or
other article of value from any person for any duty
or tax due to the United States, or for any violation
or pretended violation of any revenue law of the
United States, such person shall be deemed guilty of
a felony, and on conviction thereof shall be liable
to a fine of $500, and to imprisonment not less than
six months and not exceeding two years, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That provision is car-
ried forward to another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-five, in these words:
Sec. 45. And be it further enactcd, That no distilled
spirits which have been forfeited to the Government
in accordance with law shall be sold for a price less
than the amount of the tax required thereon by law
at the time of such sale. And if tho officer having
such spirits in charge shall have been unable, for a
period of ninety days, to sell tho same for the price
equal to tho tax, such spirits shall be destroyed,
under such rules and regulations as tho Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is carried forward
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-six, in these words:
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed. And s ections sixty and ono hundred and
tourteen of an a-i, entitled "An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30,1864, and so much of sections four-
teen and one hundred and sixty-seven, as relate to
turnpike roads are also hereby repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators will observe
that the last section of the bill as reported by
the Committee on Finance simply repeals all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act; but this section which we propose to strike
out not only does that, but it also specially
repeals section one hundred and fourteen of
the act of June 30, 1804. That section one
hundred and fourteen is the section which im-
poses a tax upon advertisements in newspa-
pers. The committee came to the conclusion
that that ought to be struck out, that there was
no reason why a tax should not be paid upon
advertisements as well as other things. I call
attention to the subject in order that, if any
Senator desires to test the sense of the Senate
upon it, he may do so by moving to add the
repeal of that section to the last clause of the
bill as reported by the committee, when we
read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-seven, as follows:
Sue. 47. And be it further enacted, That inspectors
of distilleries, appointed undertho provisions of this
act, shall be required to give bonds, with security,
approv jd hy the Seoretary of tho Treasury, or as-
sessor of the district, in a sum not less than $5,000,
conditioned for the faithful discharge of tho duties
of such inspector.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That provision is car-
ried forward.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-eight, as follows <■
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That no action
or prosecution for the recovory of any claim of the
United States, arising from alleged violations of, or
frauds upon, the revenue laws, shall be compromised
or discontinued without the assent of the district
attorney of the United States for the district in which
such proceeding is pending, or of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, with tho approval of the
court in which the action is pending; and such assent
shall, in all cases, assign the reasons for such com-
promise or discontinuance, and shall be indorsed
upon the papers in the ease, and shall be preserved
in the files of the court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not carried
forward; it is struck out.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator why it is struck out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was very much dis-
cussed in committee, and very deliberately
considered. There is no compromise now
upon the liquor clauses, but there are many
small matters arising in the coursc of the col-
lection of taxes that not to allow to be com-
promised would make a great deal of difficulty.
Sometimes things are done by mistake and
misapprehension, small matters owing to the
different modes in which the various taxes are
collected. It was the opinion of the Commis-
sioner that it would make the law very oner-
ous if there was no power to compromise such
cases. It would be throwing embarrassments
around it that would render it very difficult to
execute the law. The committee came to the
conclusion that it was best to leave the law as
it is on that subject. It is a power that should
exist somewhere.
Mr. HOWARD. So as to leave the power
of compromising a prosecution in the hands
of the district attorney?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is in the
hands of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue and the Secretary of the Treasury and the
assessor and collector. Those officers are all
consulted.
Mr. NYE. Do they not compromise fel-
onies?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; they simply com-
promise the claims of the Government in these
cases.
Mr. NYE. I think there is a bill pending
in the other House now for some two or three
hundred thousand dollars claimed by a Mr.
Dorsheimer, growing out of the compromise
of a case where seizures of .whisky were
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Court of Claims
decided against the claim.
Mr. NYE. No matter what the Court of
Claims may have decided, the claim is pre-
sented.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Anybody can present
a claim to Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I ought to be sufficiently
acquainted with the revenue laws to answer
the question I am about to put to the honora-
ble Senator, but I must confess my ignorance.
It is this : is the district attorney in all cases
necessitated to apply to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue or to the Secretary of the
Treasury or to any other officer in Washing-
ton to get his consent to enter imto a com-
promise ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The district attorney
has no power whatever to compromise.
Mr. HOWARD. Then there can be no
compromise of such prosecutions without the
consent of the Commissioner?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Commissioner and
the assessor and the collector are consulted.
Mr. HOWARD. The reason I am so in-
quisitive about it is that I see great danger of
the abuse of authority in various cases by the
district attorneys; the temptation is very great.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The district attorney
has no power over the subject. I objected to
the section giving the power to compromise
only with the assent of the district attorney
or Attorney General of the United States,
andindorsed by the judge. It has been found
safe and proper, and has been the custom from
the foundation of. the Government, from time
immemorial almost, to leave the power of
compromising these matters under the cus-
toms revenue in the hands where they are now,
with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad the com-
mittee have taken that course. I think any
other provision would make unhappy and un-
fortunate controversies.
Mr. JOHNSON. This, I believe, does not
take away the power to compromise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It leaves it where it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. So it can only be done
with the consent of the Commissioner and Sec-
retary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been informed
that there have been very great abuses in these
settlements; that advantage has been taken of
violations of the law in the earlier stages, when
it was not as well understood as it is now, and
perhaps now to some extent, where parties
have omitted to use a stamp, for instance, and
the penalties go on multiplying so that the
amount becomes very large; and then com-
plaints have been made when the omission was
a mere inadvertence; and then compromises
made by which parties have been enriched. I
am very much in the dark as to what the law
is, as the Senator from Michigan is. I was
under the impression that at one time the col-
lector and the assessor, with the district attor-
ney, effected compromises. But if they do not
do it in form they do it substantially, because
on their recommendation, knowing the facts,
the officers are very likely to act. Now, I
should like to know if it would be a hardship
to prohibit any of these compromises except
by consent of the court? What is the objec-
tion to requiring that the assent of the court
should be had? And let it be done in open
court, where it can be understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Sometimes the court
is not present. The court may be away ; and
things must stand and everything be held up
until the court can return. Again, the court
may be sick.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it any great hardship
if things are required to remain fn statu quo?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be a great in-
jury, because the property is all held in the
mean time. It might occasion a great deal of
difficulty; but that matter was discussed also.
The rule is better as it is now, as the law origin-
ally fixed it, than to have any of these altera-
tions made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been very
great complaint in the city where I live of
abuses under this law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Abuses in compromis-
ing suits?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Abuses in the execu-
tion of the law and inflicting penalties, when
perhaps they ought not to be collected, when
the cases ought to have been compromised.
Informers, it is said—I do not know with what
truth—with a view of making money, have
enforced the law very harshly sometimes ; and
the charge is made in different parts of the
country that officers have paid more attention
to making money by getting up suits and then
compromising them, than to the discharge of
their duties. I think we should guard against
the abuse, if there be any.
Mr. DAVIS. There are.very great abuses
connected with that portion of the law to which
reference is now being made in this conversa-
tion. I have in my possession copies from four
records in the State of Kentucky. In one it
was an action of debt for a violation of the
law, and there is a declaration with seventeen
counts ; and in the four cases there are forty-
nine counts. Each count charges an offense
or a violation of the law that subjects the
offender to a penalty of $500. The violation
of law is this, and simply this: there is a pro-
