1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
vision which requires that the quantity of grain
mashed every day shall be entered in a book,
and that extracts from this book shall be fur-
nished every seven days or every fourth of the
month to the assessor. The violation of this ;
law commenced by some country distillers in ;
Harrison county, one of whom made but ninety
barrels during thedistillingseason, immediately
after the passage of the law, because of their
utter ignorance of its provisions on that point.
The collector had access to their distilleries.
He had access to their books. He summoned
the distillers before him. He made them yield
to him an inspection of their books. Ho swore
them and then examined them upon oath in his
own office and made them disclose exactly the
mode in which they were carrying on their dis- 1
tilleries and every entry that they made. He
knew the lawand they did not. Notwithstanding
he knew the law, and it was his duty to inform
them of its provisions, he carefully concealed
their violations of the law from them, until in
one case the violations had run up to such a
number as authorized him to institute a suit
with seventeen counts, each count running
through one month, and each quarter of the i
month subjecting the distiller to a penalty of
$500, making $2,000 a month.
These men reported the exact amount of
liquor that they had distilled to the assessor by
wine measure, and consequently having paid
the tax upon all the liquors which they made
by wine measure they paid upon a larger quan-
tity of liquor than the law would have subjected
them to pay tax upon. They paid up every
cent of tax for every gallon of whisky that they
manufactured; and after they had settled up
and received receipts in full for the whole
amount of whisky manufactured, this assessor
became the informer, and had actions of debt
and indictments brought against them, in which
he charged against them in forty-nine counts a
violation of the law for four times in each count,
or every quarter of a month. The result was
that they were fined at that rate. He discon-
tinued his suits upon a few counts, and these
distillers were fined at that rate, one of them
upward of $8,000, when they did not owe one
cent of tax to the Government, when they had
paid for more, according to the rates of taxa-
tion, than they were bound to pay for, and
when in utter ignorance of the law they had
failed to enter the amount from day to day of
the grain that they mashed.
The courts had no power to release them.
The law of 1797, which 1 hold in my hand,
provides that whenever persons have not been
guilty of fraud or willful neglect or willful vio-
lation of the law they shall make out their
case to the district attorney, and he shall cer-
tify it to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Secretary of the Treasury may remit or
mitigate the penalty according to his pleasure.
I have brought four cases of that kind up, not
as counsel, but as the friend of these oppressed
men, to the Treasury Department for relief,
and I applied a few days ago to the officer there
to know what disposition had been made of
the cases. He informed me that they had not
yet acted on the subject, but they would write
back to the assessor and tho collector to know
what to do with the cases. That reminds me
of the folly of an attempt to reclaim from the
throat of a hungry dog a pound of butter that
he had licked up.
Now, sir, this law in its provisions in rela-
tion to distilling is exceedingly complicated.
There is not a distiller of common intelligence
in the land who can understand it. It requires
the study of a lawyer, or of a skillful and ex-
perienced collector or comptroller of internal
revenue to understand this law, after years
almost, or at least months of the most careful
reading, and after receiving legal counsel too
as to its meaning. Well, sir, these unsophisti-
cated innocent men were utterly ignorant of
the provision of the law. This shark lay in wait
for them that their innocent violations of the
law might amount to a sum of penalties in the
aggregate that would enrich him; and when
this delay had taken place to his satisfaction as
to the amount it would produce him, he insti-
tuted these oppressive suits and had these dis-
tillers fined at the rate of $2,000 a month. I
went to the district judge. I had their cases
certified. They were brought up to the Treas-
ury Department. They were referred to the
proper officer. I went to him for information
as to what he had done or was doing in the
cases, and he told me that he had referred them
back for counsel and advice as to what he should
do to these officers who have thus imposed
upon these unsophisticated distillers.
I have here the act of 1797. It gives some
remedy, but the remedy is exceedingly tedious.
It requires the case upon its facts to be made
out before the district judge, and that the dis-
trict judge shall certify them to the Treasury
Department, and they shall be taken into con-
sideration by the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and the officers there shall do what they
please on the application for remission or miti-
gation. I will read a single clause of the law,
and then in connection with it an amendment
that I shall propose :
"And [the judge"! shall causo tho facts which shall
appear upon such inquiry to bo stated and annexed
to tho petition"—
That is the petition for relief—
" and direct their transmission to tho .Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, who shall there-
upon have power to mitigate or remit such fine, for-
feiture, or penalty, or remove such disability, or any
part thereof, if, in his opinion, tho same shall havo
been incurred without willful negligence, or any in-
tention of fraud in the person or persons incurring
tho same."
I propose that this question of fraud or of
willful negligence, instead of being referred to
the Treasury Department through a most slow
and tedious and circumlocutory process, shall
be referred at once to the judge and to the
jury. Here is the section which I intend to
propose as an amendment to this bill:
And be it farther enacted. That in any indictment,
suit, or other proceeding in the name of tho United
States against any person or persons, who by law
shall be subject to any line, forfeiture, penalty, or
disability whatever for non-compliance or violation
thereof, no person shall be subject to such fine, for-
feiture, penalty, or disability that was not incurred
with intent to commit fraud or with willful negli-
gence.
Instead of referring this point of inquiry upon
which the relief is to be granted to the Treasury
Department under this slow and dilatory pro-
ceeding, I propose at once to refer it to the
court which tries the case and before which all
the facts are proved by the witnesses to it. It
is certainly the best mode. It is the mode of
obtaining the justice of the case. The proof,
according to my amendment, has to satisfy the
judge that the party charged with the delin-
quency is guilty neither of fraud nor of gross
neglect. If he is not guilty of either fraud or
gross neglect the penalties or disabilities ought
not to be imposed upon him. If he is guilty
of fraud or gross neglect they ought to be
imposed upon him ; and the facts must relieve
him both from fraud and gross neglect before
he could be entitled to any exemption from
those penalties under my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would that amendment,
if passed, cover all the penalties under this law
or any other law ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; because this is a
general law applying to all. I will read the
clause.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know what it is. I only
want to know if your amendment comprehends
everything.
Mr. DAVIS. Everything. It is drawn just
parallel with the act of 1797. Therefore, when
it becomes proper for me to offer this amend-
ment, I intend to offer it. I give this notice
that gentlemen may understand what I con-
template. I think the internal revenue law in
relation to distillers is the most complex, op-
pressive, and outrageous law that exists any-
where.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment recommended
by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to this
particular section it has nothing to do at all
with the remarks made by Senators on either
side. It is simply whether we shall leave the
power to compromise in the hands of the Sec-
retary and the Commissioner, where it is now.
That is the only question. If there ought to
be any other provisions with regard to it they
can be added afterward; but the argument
that has been made all along is that there
should be this power to compromise. There-
fore I hope this will be passed upon and that
we maybe suffered to go on, and then Senators
who want to move amendments can do so.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion forty-nine, as follows:
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That any in-
former, on furnishing satisfactory security to tho
court for the appearance of himself and his witnesses,
and also for the costs and expenses of the proceed-
ings, shall have the right to prosecuto in the name
of the United States, notwithstanding any refusal or
neglect of any collector so to do; and, upon furnish-
ing the security as aforesaid, the same proceedings
shall be had as if the collector had authorized it, but
without responsibility to him, and the proceedings
shall be thenceforward under tho control of tho dis-
trict attorney.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion fifty, as follows :
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall sell any empty cigar-box or boxes which
I have been stamped, without first removing such
, stamp, or shall refill any cigar-box without first
! removing such stamp, shall, on conviction of each
j offense, be liable to a penalty of Sloo, or to imprison-
II mcnt not exceeding sixty days, or both, in the dis-
11 cretion of the court, with the costs of the trial; aud
it shall bo lawful for any cigar inspector or revenue
officer to destroy any empty cigar-box upon which a
cigar stamp shall be found.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section is carried
forward.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion fifty-one, as follows:
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted. That tho deal-
ers of any lottery shall give bond, in the sum of $200,
that the person paying such tax shall not sell any
tickets or supplementary ticket of any lottery which
has not been duly stamped according to law, and
that he will pay the tax imposed by law upon the
gross receipts of his sales.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion twenty-three, the following:
And be it further enacted. That the forty-fourth
section of the act of July 13, 186i3, aforesaid, bo
amended by adding thereto as follows: I'ruvidcd,
That when any still used or fit for use in the produc-
tion of distilled spirits, the same not exceeding
$1,000 in value, has been or shall be seized for auy
violation of the laws relating to internal revenue,
the same shall not be released by the court to the
claimant, or any other intervening party, heforo
judgment: and if declared forfeited, such still shall
be so destroyed as to prevent its uso for the purposo
aforesaid, and tho materials thereof shall be sold as
other forfeited property. In ease of seizure, as
ahove, of a still exceeding in valuothesumof $1,000,
its release to the claimant or any other intervening
party, heforo judgment, shall bo at the discretion
of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment waa to insert as section
twenty-four the following:
And be it farther enacted. That the owner, agent, or
superintendent of any still, boilor, or other vessel
used in the distillation of spirits, who shall neglect
or refuse to make true and exact entry and report of
tho same, or to do or cause to be done any of the
things by law required to be done in relation to tho
manufacture or sale of spirits, shall forfeit fur every
such neglect or refusal all tho spirits made by or for
him. and all tho vessels used in making the same, and
the stills, boilers, and other vessels used in distilla-
tion, and all materials fit for use in distillation found
on tho premises, together with the sum of $500 for
each offense, to be recovered with costs of suits, and
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and bo
suhject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year; which said spirits, with tho vessels containing
tho same, with all the vessels used in making the
same.and all said materials may be seized by thecol-
lector and held by bim until a decision shall be had
thereon according to law: Provided, That proceed-
ings to enforce said forfeiture shall be commenced by
such collector within twenty days after the seiiure
thereof. And the proceedings to enforce said for-
feiture of said property shall bo in the nature of a
proceeding in rem, in the circuit or district court of
the United States for the district whore such seizure
is made, or in aay other court of competent jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section needs one
or two little amendments. In line six I move
