1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
family by his acts of industry in the streets of
Washington, and so they do in other cities,
ihey are sometimes rather impudent boys,
but they have intelligence and they have enter-
prise, and they earn their money by the sweat
of their brow. They are not to be put in the
class of abandoned children. They are not to
be put in the class of those who pass along the
streets and watch for an opportunity for a little
thievery to get something for their breakfast
or dinner; but a half dozen of them together
get enough for something to eat, and they go
into an old empty hogshead and eat it.
I know it is the idea of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] that these are all
of the same class. I think very differently, for
out of these same newsboys may be builded up
as learned men as even the illustrious Senator
from Massachusetts. Many of them, of course,
may fail in this, but a few may succeed, and it
is the success of the few that has established
the strength and the glory of our Republic.
That class of boys who early in the morning,
at daylight, go out and give us the news of the
day, industriously using their energies in order,
perhaps, to bring home to their parents a little
means for their daily bread, are not to be com-
pared to paupers or wharf-rats or abandoned
children; but that is the idea of this bill and
I am utterly hostile to it. I shall call for the
yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offered an amendment
to the bill on Saturday, and that is the amend-
ment now under consideration. I said to the
honorable member from Massachusetts at the
time that it was my purpose to call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment, and I shall be
obliged to do it now ; but I am very unwilling
to do so, as I believe there i3 not a quorum
present. I should prefer, therefore, to have
the bill go over.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators propose to call
for a division on this bill I hope it will be laid
aside informally until the body is fuller than
it is now, and in the meantime I have charge
of half a dozen small bills which I should like
to put on their passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. That course would ba
agreeable to me.
Mr. CONNESS. Before this bill is laid
aside I desire to call attention to some of its
provisions if it is to come up again. In its
present shape I shall oppose it whenever it
comes up. It provides that by a process of
law children of both sexes may be arrested
and committed to the care of this Children's
Aid Society, and the officers of the society are
authorized to execute "all writings that may
be necessary to secure to the heads of families
or others so selected the control and manage-
ment of such children for the period therein
set forth," without any limitation of time. In
the first section they are authorized to arrest
only minor children. Of course they can but
arrest minor children. It scorns to contem-
plate to make servants of them and nothing
else. I do not wish to condemn any class of
labor; but it is a bill that ought to be, as I
think, more carefully considered. Provision
should be mado for binding them out to me-
chanic trades, that they may have an oppor-
tunity to rise in the world among men. It
does not follow because a child of either sex is
abandoned by its parents,'or having no parents
is left without any protectors, that therefore it
is to be put in what may be considered the
lowest rut of society. Or the one from which it
is most difficult to rise; that we shall take it
and stamp it with inferiority so far as it may
be done according to the formation of society.
The main object of the bill is doubtless well
enough ; but I think the bill is objectionable
in these regards, and I hope if it comes before
us again that these matters will be attended to.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be
allowed to go aside. We cannot have a divis-
ion to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I may be allowed
to make a brief explanation.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill has for its title
1243
that it is supplementary to the act incorpo-
ratingthe Newsboys' Home;" thenewsboys we
understand to be minors ; and further, " pro-
viding for the relief of certain minor children
in the District of Columbia.'' Therefore, by
its title it is only applicable to newsboys or
certain minor children.
Mr. CONNESS. The title is not a part of
the bill.
t Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says the title
is not apart of the bill. Very well; I now
come to what is a part of the bill. The first
section declares that the act incorporating the
Newsboys' Home shall "be so enlarged as to
embrace," what? " Minor children committed
to their care;" and then it mentions the dif-
ferent classes of minor children. Then the
second section says that " all persons in the
District of Columbia who are unable to main-
tain their own minor children, or the minor
children of others intrusted to them," &c.,
upon making application shall have the ben-
efit of this act; and so it proceed^, section by
section, being everywhere exclusively appli-
cable to minor children and to none others.
Then, finally, in the section to which I under-
stood the Senator from California [Mr. Cos-
ness] to direct his criticism; the fifth section,
it is provided that this society shall be fully
empowered "to provide and care for the wel-
fare of," whom? "All the minor children
intrusted to them not children that arc not
minors, if there be any children not minors,
not persons above minority, but minor chil-
dren ; so that the criticism of the Senator, if
I understand it, that this might extend beyond
the period of minority or be applicable to
some others than minors, seems to me to fall
to the ground.
But then, I understood him to go further and
to complain that this bill seemed to hand over
these children to an inferior condition in life.
Well, sir, he makes a discovery on the text of
this bill. The benevolent ladies who have this
society in charge, certainly so far as I am
aware of their pnrposes, had no such idea, nor
does it seem to me that the language of the
bill is susceptible of any such limitation as the
Senator appears disposed to give it. It is that
the society shall "provide and care for the
welfare of all the minor children intrusted to
them''—broad, capable language; very broad.
Even the Senator could hardly supply from
his affluence broader language. ' 'And for this
purpose"—what? "They mayprocure homes
for them in the families of any competent per-
son living in the United States.'' Is there any-
thing there suggestive about the nature of the
service? Certainly I never supposed that the
service was to be limited to what was menial.
Why not also what is mechanical? Why may
they not be bound over to mechanics and in-
ducted into the mechanic arts? Certainly the
language is just as applicable to the mechan-
ical arts as it is to what the Senator seemed to
see in it, a menial pursuit.
It then goes on to say that they " may exe-
cute all writings that may be necessary to secure
to the heads of families"—I take it, a mechanic
may be a head of a family; in my part of the
country they are, much to our pride—"or
others so selected"—they may select persons
who are not even heads of families, and give
them, according to the bill "the control and
management of such children for the period
therein set forth;'' that is, for some period set
forth during the term of minority. •
Mr. CONNESS. It does not say so.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I understand that it
does say so.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator pardon
me for a minute?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I pardon the
Senator always. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. It is a happy thing for
myself and the country that we deal with a
Senator so affluent in his generosity and dispo-
sition to pardon. But if the Senator while up
had read the entire section, and it is but a very
short one, and drawn upon the judgment of his
co-Senators, and let them decide what the lan-
guage meant, it would not have occupied so
much time as the honorable Senator did, when
he has carefully avoided reading it.
4.1 o' SUMNER. Oh, no, I did not avoid it.
the Senator will do im the justice to believe.
Mr. CONNESS. When I was up before I
did not impute or say anything about the pur-
pose of the benevolent ladies who have this
institution in charge. I have no question about
their purpose, and I said nothing about it
ihe Senator replied to what I did not say.
Now, I wjll read the whole section. It is very
brief:
That this sooiety be fully empowered to proviso
and oaro for tho welfaro of all the minor children
intrusted to them,
I suppose they cannot arrest anybody but a
minor.
And for this purposo thoy may:prooure homes for
them m tno families of any competent person living
in the United States, and may oxecute, under the seal
of the corporation, all writings that may be necessary
to secure to the heads of families, or others so selected,
the control and management of such ehildren, for tho
period therein set forth.
What does "therein" refer to? To the
writings that are to have the corporate seal,
of course.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Then suppose they put
other conditions in. This law, so far as it is
binding, binds the party thus bound out. The
arrest and seizure of tho person is in the mi-
nority of that person of course, but they are
authorized ]jy this law to bind them, and to
insert therein any conditions they see fit. I
have an amendment written that I should put in
there; but I only called attention to it to show
that it was rather carelessly worded. I did
not rise to say anything about nor bring into
question the purposes of the benevolent ladies
who propose to take charge of orphans or
necessitated children.
Mr. WILSON. By common consent it is
understood that this bill cannot bo acted upon
to-night, and during the time it has taken up
we could have passed half a dozen bills which
it is necessary to act upon at this session. I
do hope it will be laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside by unanimous consent. Is there
objection?
Mr. SUMNER. There is an objection; for
while tho attention of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is directed to this bill I wish to have the
benefit of his criticism. If he will suggest any
language that will make the section elearer I
shall bo ready to accept it.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that my colleague
and the Senator from California have a consul-
tation over this bill, and get it right. I have no
doubt they will do so. I am very anxious to
occupy a few minutes to put a bill ■ on its
passage.
Mr. CONNESS. As far as I am concerned
I am perfectly willing to let the Senators from
Massachusetts settle this matter between them
—I mean the matter of precedence.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a bill in which many
benevolent persons in Washington take a sin-
cere interest; and I feel that it is a hardship
that it should be exposed to jeopardy at this
lato day in the session.
Mr. GRIMES. It cannot be passed to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Why cannot it be passed?
Mr. GRIMES. Because a division will be
asked upon it.
Mr. WILSON, The Senator .from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] gave notice that he should
ask for a division, and it is plain it cannot be
passed. We can act upon half a dozen other
bills and save time by laying this aside.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I assure the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumnek] that this
bill cannot pass except on the severest criticism
and with great controversy. I think it is radi-
cally wrong. In saying this I wish to say noth-
ing as to the merit of the charitable ladies to
whom he refers, and within whose jurisdiction
he proposes to place all the orphan children
of Washington; but there arc propositions and
