1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
to strike out the words "in relation to the
manufacture and sale of" and to insert " con-
cerning distilled."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twelve the
"suits" should be "suit;" so as to read,
"costs of suit."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
twenty-five the following:
And be it further enacted. That if any collector, dep-
uty collector, assessor, assistant assessor, inspector,
district attorney, marshal, or other officer, agent, or
person charged with the execution or supervision of
the execution of any of the provisions ot this act, or
of the act to which this is amendatory, shall demand
or accept or attempt to collect, directly or indirectly,
as payment or gift or otherwise, any sum of money
or other property of value for the compromise, ad-
justment, or settlement of any charge or complaint
for any violation or alleged violation of any of the
said provisions, except as expressly authorized by
law so to do, he shall be held to be guilty ofa misde-
meanor, and shall for every such offense be liable to
indictment and trial in any court of the United States
having competent jurisdiction, and on conviction
thereof shall be fined in double the sum or value of
the money or property received or demanded, and be
imprisoned for a period of not less than one year nor
more than ten years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
twenty-six the following:
And he it further enacted. That no distilled spirits
which have been forfeited to the Government in ac-
cordance with law shall be sold for a price less than
the amount of the tax required thereon bylaw at the
time of such sale. And if the officer having such
spirits in charge shall have been unable, for a period
of ninety days, to sell the same for the price equal
to the tax, such spirits shall be destroyed, under such
rules and regulations as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
twenty-seven the following:
And be it further enacted. That if any person shall
falsely represent himself to be a revenue officer of the
United States, and shall in such assumed character
demand or receive any mon ey or other article of value
from any person for any duty or tax due to the United
States, or for any violation orpretended violation of
any revenue law of the United States, such person
shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on conviction
thereof shall be liable to a fine of $500, and to impris-
onment not less than six months and not exceeding
two years, at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
twenty-eight the following:
And be it further enacted. That no person shall mix
for sale naphtha and illuminating oils, or shall know-
ingly sell or keep for sale or offer for sale such mix-
ture, or shall self or offer for sale oil made from petro-
leum for illuminating purposes, inflammable at less
temperature or fire test than one hundred and ten
degrees Fahrenheit, and any person so doing shall be
held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on oonviction
thereof by indictment or presentment in any court
of the United States, having competent jurisdiction,
shall be punished by a fine not less than $100 nor
more than 8500, and by imprisonment for a term of
not less than six months nor more than three years.
The next amendment was to insert as section
twenty-nine the following:
And be it further enacted. That if two or more per-
sons conspire either to commit any offense against the
laws of the United States, or to defraud the United
States in any manner whatever, and one or more of
said parties to said conspiracy shall do any act to
effect the object thereof, the parties to said conspiracy
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
eonviction thereof shall be liable to a penalty of not
less than #1,000, and not more than $10,000, and to
imprisonment not exceeding two years. And when
any offense shall be begun in one judicial district of
the United States and completed in another, every
such offense shall be deemed to have been committed
in either of the said districts, and may be dealt with,
inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in either
of the said districts in the same manner as if it had
been actually and wholly committed therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
thirty the following:
And be it further enacted) That all inspectors ap-
pointed under the provisions of the act or acts of
which this is amendatory shall be required to give
bonds, with security approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury or assessor of the district, in a sum not less
than $5,000, conditioned for the faithful discharge of
the duties of such inspector.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion thirty-one the following:
And beit further enacted, That any person who shall
sell any empty cigar box or boxes which have been
stamped, without first removing such stamp, or shall
refill any cigar box without first removing such
stamp, shall on conviction of each offenso be liable to
a penalty of $100 or to imprisonment not exceeding
sixty days, or both, in the discretion of the court,
with the costs of the trial; and it shall be lawful for
any cigar inspector or revenue officer to destroy any
empty cigar box upon which a cigar stamp shall be
found.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a couple of
amendments to be made in that section. In
line three I move to strike out the word " re-
moving" and insert " defacing or destroying."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the same amend-
ment in line four, to strike out the word " re-
moving" and insert " defacing or destroying."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five I move to
strike out the word "each" before the word
" offense," and to insert the word " either."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is now half-past ten
o'clock, and I think we have progressed very
rapidly with this bill. I move, therefore, that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I want
to get through with the bill if I can to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator ex-
pect to pass the bill to-night ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to do so;
but at any rate, we can go on with it for at
least another hour yet. The nearer we get
through the better.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw the motion
until the reading of the bill is finished.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion thirty-two the following :
And be it further enacted. That spirits of turpentine
may be transferred, without payment of the tax, to
a bonded warehouse established in conformity with
law and Treasury regulations, under such rules and
regulations and upon the execution of such trans-
portation bonds or other security as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, said
bonds or other security to be taken by the collector
of the district from which such removal is made;
and may be transported from such a warehouse to
any other bonded warehouse established as aforesaid,
and may be withdrawn from bonded warehouse for
consumption on payment of the tax, or removed for
export to a foreign country without payment of tax,
in conformity with the provisions of law relating to
the removal of distilled spirits, all the rules, regula-
tions, and conditions of which, so far as applicable,
shall apply to spirits of turpentine in bonded ware-
house. And no drawback shall in any case be allowed
upon any spirits of turpentine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
thirty-three, the following:
And be it further enacted. That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That com-
pletes the amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have
some other amendments that they desire to
offer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the reading
of the bill has been completed, and I renew
the motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page. 2, section
three, line six, after the word "attorney" at
the end of the line, I move to insert the words
"instead of reporting to the Solicitor of the
Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 3, section
four, lines two and three, I move to strike out
the words "lands and other property" and to
insert "real estate;'' and in line three to strike
out the word "have" and insert the word
"has."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 6, section
seven, line five, I move to strike out the word
"their" and to insert the word " his."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 7, section nine,
line twenty-nine, I move to strike out the word
"petroleum" and to inseft the words "other
articles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 15, section
eleven, after line sixteen, I move to insert in
the free list "boots, shoes, shoe-bindings,
and strings, and gloves made of leather or
skins."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section, to come
in as section twelve of the bill:
Sec.—.Andbeit further enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on brandy made from
frapes fifty cents per gallon; and if any person shall
nowingly manutacture, compound, put up, sell or
dispose of, or cause to be manufactured, compounded,
put up, sold or disposed of, or aid or assist therein,
any fluid as or for or under or with the name of
: brandy made from grapes, which shall not be really
I such, he shall on conviction thereof be punished
for each offense by a fine not exoeeding $1,000, or by
imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both said
punishments, in the discretion of the court, and any
such simulated or compounded fluid as aforesaid
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, until one
year ago the tax on brandy made from grapes
never exceeded fifty cents per gallon. At the
last session of Congress the tax was raised
from fifty cents per gallon or less to two dol-
lars per gallon. The result has been nearly a
total destruction of this product. I need not
say to Senators how important it is that this
product shall be encouraged in our own coun-
try, so that, in place of sending to Europe
millions of dollars in gold, we may be able
to pay those amounts to our own people and
keep that treasure within our own country.
It happens in the progress of natural causes
that the State of California is peculiarly adapted
to the production of the grape, and therefore
to the production from the grape of wines and
brandies, perhaps in their very best condition.
All the arable surface of that State below the
altitude of three thousand feet above the sea
may be called the native home of the grape.
Thousands of our people have engaged in
planting vineyards and in the production of
wine and brandy. Necessarily their efforts
are surrounded with the greatest possible diffi-
culties. It takes, in the first place, a long time
after the planting of the vineyard until it is fit
to produce a crop ; it takes a very long time
after wine and brandy are produced from the
grape before they are fit for market; and dur-
ing all this period of time capital is invested in
large amounts without any result or return.
The State of California, appreciating these
difficulties fully, has provided by its legisla-
tion for the exemption from all taxation of
vineyards and their product.
As a revenue measure, the tax proposed in
this section will yield the largest amount of
revenue. There is no disputation about that.
But it has been held in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by some others, that the re-
duced tax applied to brandy produced from
grapes will lead to the production of simu-
lated compounds represented to be brandy
made from grapes, for the purpose of escap-
ing the tax of two dollars per gallon which is
imposed upon all spirits produced from the
cereals. The facts and figures in the revenue
department of this Government do not bear
this out at all. As a cure for that apprehended
difficulty and evil a tax of two dollars per gal-
lon has been levied, thus destroying at one
stroke this great industry which it is our duty,
and should be our pleasure, to encourage.
That it may not be pretended that we desire
to evade the law, or that we intend to promote
an evasion of the law, it will be seen that we
have prepared the section with sufficient safe-
guards and punishments and forfeitures to pre-
