1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
vent the production of simulated compounds
representing to be brandy made from grapes.
It cannot be held in any fairness that we can-
not protect the revenue against impositions of
that character. I have been very much sur-
prised to find gentlemen willing to destroy a
great industry of this kind in their own coun-
try lest attempts should be made to violate the
law, when we know that there is no law con-
nected with the raising of revenue that attempts
are not made to violate.
I do not wish at this late hour to occupy the
time of the Senate. I think I have said suffi-
cient that Senators may appreciate this amend-
ment, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not detain the
Senate in discussing this matter. If there is
any reason why spirits distilled from grapes
should pay a lower rate of duty than spirits
distilled from corn I cannot see it. As a mat-
ter of course the result of such legislation will
be that all the whisky made in the country will
be distilled from grapes hereafter. Ohio is at
least the second, if not the first, grape-growing
State in the Union, and yet I do not know why
a discrimination should be made in favor of
brandy distilled from grapes by the same pro-
cess that whisky is distilled from corn. Per-
haps the Senator from California can point it
out. I cannot see it.
Mr. CONNESS. I think I can tell the Sen-
ator. In the first place, the cereals are much
more easily and cheaply raised than grapes. It
takes a long time to establish a vineyard, and
it takes a great deal of capital to get a grape
crop. After wine and brandy are made from
grapes it takes years before they are in a mar-
ketable condition, while Bpirits made from the
cereals, produced readily and cheaply, are
ready for the market as soon as produced.
That is the difference, and it is a very material
difference.
Besides, Mr. President, as I stated in the
outset of my remarks, it i3 essential that we
establish this industry in our own country, and
thus avoid sending millions annually to foreign
countries to purchase this particular article.
The Senator must know very well that those
who consume brandy will not be willing to
consume whisky or ordinary spirits instead.
If it is not an object to raise those articles in
our own country and encourage their manu-
facture, then we legislate for a great many
branches of industry in vain.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am able to make a
statement as to the effect that this proposed
change will have upon the revenue. I hold in
my hand an exhibit on that subject. I find
that from July 1, 18G5, to July 1, 186G, when
the tax was fifty cents a gallon, there were
eighty-nine thousand four hundred and eighty
gallons produced, yieldinga revenue of $44,740.
The average per month of revenue was $6,000.
During the months of July and August, 1866,
the tax was fifty cents a gallon, and there were
twenty-six thousand five hundred and thirty
gallons produced during those months, an
average of thirteen thousand two hundred and
sixty-five gallons per month. But from Sep-
tember 1, 1866, to January 1, 1867, when the
tax was two dollars per gallon, there were only
eight thousand five hundred and forty gallons
produced; so that the effect of the tax of two
dollars per gallon was to reduce the amount
produced and practically to destroy the busi-
ness.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "fifty cents" and insert-
ing "one dollar."
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. A word in reply to the
Senator from Oregon. He very properly shows
us by statistics that the imposition of two dol-
lars a gallon on brandy has tended to decrease
the quantity manufactured. He might extend
the same argument to whisky. One hundred
million gallons of whisky were produced in
1860, and now only about fifteen or twenty
millions are produced according to the returng.
As a matter of course, the effect of this duty is
39tii Coxa. 2d Skss.—No. 121.
to decrease the quantity produced; but still,
as we need the revenue, we cannot make any
discrimination as to the kind of spirits, whether
made from grapes or corn or barley or beans,
or anything else. Whisky may be produced
from molasses. Every vegetable substance
will produce whisky. There is no reason in
the world to discriminate in favor of grapes.
I am very fond of grapes, but certainly 1 would
not discriminate in favor of the distillation of
spirits from grapes. An attempt of this kind
will only produce frauds, will evidently lead to
frauds. It cannot be avoided. The argument
which is made goes in favor of the reduction
of the duty on spirits entirely ; and if any
reduction is made on any kind of spirits it
ought to be on all spirits.
Mr. CONNESS. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, with two years' experience
under a tax of two dollars per gallon, differs
diametrically from the honorable Senator, with
all the experience of his office and with all his
desire to collect revenue. Now, Mr. President,
it does appear to me that the honorable Sena-
tor 
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator say
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
in favor of a reduction of the tax on spirits ?
Mr. CONNESS. I do say the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is of opinion that a larger
amount of revenue can be collected under a
tax of fifty cents per gallon upon this com-
modity than at two dollars per gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I guess you are mistaken.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I am at a
loss to understand the coolness with which the
honorable Senator proposes to wipe out an
important industry of this country. We pass
tariff bills here with a view to protect infant
industries ; but at another point you determine
to maintain a tax against spirits which, as I
have said before, in place of giving you reve-
nue, corrupts the whole country, and then, lest
you shall not be enabled to enforce its collec-
tion, you propose to destroy another industry
completely and entirely. Sir, I do not under-
stand such statesmanship; I do not understand
its wisdom ; I do not understand its economy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not attempted to
discuss the proper rate of duty on whisky.
Perhaps the Senator and I might agree upon
that. Probably the rate is too high. I was
always opposed to a tax of two dollars a gallon
on whisky ; I was opposed to it when it was
made; I thought it too high then. The ques-
tion of its reduction now is a very different
thing. It is manifest that against the vote in
the House, after a discussion and a full exam-
ination of this question, and against the opin-
ion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
my friend to the contrary notwithstanding—
he is present—who is not in favor of a reduc-
tion of the tax to one dollar, it is idle for us to
discuss the question, and therefore the Commit-
tee on Finance have not presented the ques-
tion. But allow me to say, waiving that, per-
haps I might agree with the Senator that a dol-
lar would yield more revenue. A dollar would
be better on spirits; but that does not answer
the question. Why discriminate in favor of
grapes? Why should spirits made from grapes
pay a less duty than spirits made from corn
or wheat or barley or any other grain or any
other product? That is the question.
Mr. CONNESS. I have undertaken to
answer the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's answer
was not satisfactory. His answer was that
brandy to be good must be kept a little longer.
Whisky to be good must be kept three or four
years, although when people take it for poison
they drink it from the still. And so with
brandy; if it is drank within the first year it is
brandy; but still it is better every year it is
kept. That is true of whisky and all other
spirits.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon this question I ask
for the yeas and nays, not upon the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
which I hope ■will not be adopted, though I
appreciate the motives of the mover, but upon
the question of imposing a tax of fifty cents
per gallon on this commodity.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest one reason why
I propose the amendment to the amendment.
When I get the opportunity I intend to pro-
pose an amendment that the tax upon whisky
shall be two dollars until the 1st day of Octo-
ber next, and from that time until the 1st of
April following, $1 50, and after April 1,
1868, one dollar; and I propose the amend-
ment now so that there shall be a conformity
in the rate of tax upon whisky and brandy.
Mr. wade. I perceive that we shall hardly
get through with the bill to-night.
Mr. coxness. I hope the Senator will
let us get a vote on this proposition before he
proceeds to other business.
Mr. WADE. If Senators are ready to take
a vote I shall not make the motion that I
intended to make.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall support the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, because I think in the reduction of the
tax upon brandy produced from the grape in
this country there are not the embarrassments
that surround the question of the reduction of
the tax upon whisky. I suppose there is not
any large amount of this quality of brandy iu
the hands of the dealers, and we are not likely
to bankrupt many men by the adoption of the
Senator's amendment. We are comparatively
free in that respect to do what we think is right.
I think it would be right to make a very large
reduction of the tax upon whisky with a view
to revenue, as well as with a view to justice to
a large interest; but the embarrassment iu the
way of doing that is very great, because of the
large quantity of liquor in the hands of dealers,
which will immediately depreciate in value,
bringing ruin upon that class of men.
But in regard to the grape, I agree with
everything that has been sRid by the Senator
from California. It is an interest that we ought
to promote as much as possible, or, to say the
least of it, it is an interest that we ought not to
embarrass. I believe no Senator here can form
a correct opinion about the production of the
grape in California unless he has seen that pro-
duction. A friend at one time sent me nearly
a bushel of grapes that were grown near Los
Angeles, and I know that I would not have
believed any person who had told me just what
sort of grapes were produced there. The size of
the cluster and the size of each particular grape
was a matter of wonder. Of course I cannot
speak with great confidence, but my opinion
is that portions of California will equal any
portion of the world in the production of the
grape. We should encourage it for very many
reasons. One is the temperance reason. It
is important to produce our own wines in this
country, and as much as possible discourage
the use of stronger liquors. Although the
proposition of the Senator from California only
applies, I believe, to the brandy that is pro-
duced from the grape, yet that will encourage
the production of the grape, the cultivation of
vineyards, and produce perhaps a temperance
reformation to some extent. Of course this
interest labors under some embarrassment at
this time, and we should not burden it with a
tax. I regard the tax upon the production of
the grape as in wisdom about like the tax upon
cotton—a tax upon agriculture. Therefore I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from California. I think it is right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator
from California.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from California, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 13, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew,C*ttell,Conness, Cow n.
Cnvgin, Crwwell. Davis, Doolittle, Fo??, Km r.
