1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
perhaps be well that that difficulty should be
solved. I understand that the property was
conveyed to General "Washington in trust for
the United States, and that that is the only
title under which it is now held. The doubt
which has been suggested is whether the Uni-
ted States have any authority to sell it., as that
would destroy the purposes of the trust. I
suggest, therefore, to the honorable member
from Massachusetts to let the bill lie on the
table for a day or two until we can ascertain
the actual nature of the title.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I withdraw the
motion.
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. MORRILL. I entered yesterday a
motion to reconsider the vote by •H^iieh the
Senate postponed indefinitely the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 289) for the relief of certain
officers of volunteers. I understand that
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has no objection to its reconsideration
with a view to the further examination of the
resolution. I therefore ask for action on the
motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the res-
olution be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings therein.
The bill contains twenty-three sections, regu-
lating the practice of the courts in many mat-
ters of detail.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out in
line six of section one the words "the final
judgment of the appellate court" and insert-
ing "all intervening damages and costs arising
on the appealso as to read:
That no appeal shall be allowed from the judg-
ment of a iustiee of the peace, unless the appellant,
with sufficient surety or sureties, approved by the
justice, enter into an undertaking to satisfy and pay
all intervening damages and costs arising on the
appeal.
Mr. MORRILL. As the bill stands without
the amendment, it required to authorize an
appeal that the appellant should enter into a
bond to pay the final judgment. The commit-
tee considered that a little severe. It would be
equivalent, perhaps, in some cases, if not to an
actual bar, to great hardship. A man might
not be able to give a bond to pay the final judg-
ment, and perhaps it would be rather severe
that he should be required to do that. The
committee considered that the rights of the suc-
ceeding party would be well enough secured if
the appellant party was required to give bond
to pay the intervening damages and costs. A
plaintiff is proceeding against a defendant under
process of law ; the defendant has and ought
to have a right of appeal; now he ought not to
suffer a penalty, and the conditions of the bond
ought not to be such as absolutely to deny him
the right of appeal or make it a hardship. He
ought not to be required, in order to secure the
right of a trial in the appellate tribunal, to give
a bond that he shall pay the final judgment
against him7 but he ought to be required, if he
postpones it or delays it, to pay the intervening
damages and the costs which arise in conse-
quence of his appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the committee
and the honorable chairman are mistaken as
to the policy which ought to be adopted m
relation to a measure of this description. The
plaintiff who succeeds in his judgment very
often loses the amount of the debt jn couse-
quence of the appeal, although the judgment
is affirmed. A party has personal property
which he disposes of in the interval between
the rendition of the judgment below and the
judgment of the appellate court. In Maryland
we always require the appellant to undertake
to pay the debt as well as damages, so as to
pla®e the plaintiff in the same situation as to
security when the judgment is affirmed as he is
when the judgment is first rendered. It is not
necessary, however, that there should be a
bond executed at all. The party can appeal
without a bond. The whole effect and oper-
ation of the bond is to stay execution, it
operates as a supersedeas. But if this appeal
is to operate as a supersedeas the plaintiff may
lose his debt altogether, and may be unable,
although he succeeds in affirming the judg-
ment, to recover anything from the securities
but the amount of the costs. I think the
general law of the United States is the same,
too, as prescribed by the act of 1789. There
can be no supersedeas without the bond being
executed ; and the bond which operates as a
supersedeas is a bond which binds the obligor
to pay the amount of the debt as well as the
intervening damages, provided the judgment
is affirmed; and I rather think that is the better
course ; it will operate more beneficially in the
whole than the opposite one, which the com-
mittee recommend for the adoption of the
Senate. It has the effect unquestionably to
produce delay. There will be an appeal in all
cases, if a party is required only to give a bond
for costs, and the use of the money may be
worth more than six per ccnt. during the
pendency of the appeal.
Mr. McDOUGALL. My recollcction is not
exactly the same with that of the Senator from
Maryland. Upon error assigned, under the
common law, the judge of the appellate tri-
bunal, thinking there is reasonable ground of
error, orders a supersedeas as a matter of
course, until the case can be heard upon ap-
peal. That was the old rule of the common
law, and is the rule in most of the States._ I
do not know much about appeals from justices
of the peace to the regular courts, but I know
very well that on an appeal from the district
and circuit courts of the various States to their
appellate tribunals and to the Supreme Court of
the United States, upon-error assigned, a judge
of theappellate court, seeing that there appears
to bo good cause of error, would at once order
a supersedeas. There was no bond required
further than that for damages and costs, and
that would at once operate as a supersedeas.
That is the principle of the amendment sub-
stantially.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read a third time, and passed.
DISTRICT SUFFRAGE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now to take up
House bill No. 1, to extend the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. That subject has had the
consideration of the Senate, and thereforethis
bill is reported adversely. I move that it be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
JUSTICES 01' THE PEACE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now to take up for
consideration House bill No. 571.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 671) to regulate proceedings before
justices of the peace in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes, was considered as
in the Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill by striking out in
the third section the word " the, " inline four-
teen, and inserting "a;" and by striking out
in line fifteen the word "is" and inserting
" may be at the time so as to read:
Provided, Good and sufficient security bo entered
by a person or persons who may be at the time the
owner of sufficient property.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line two, to insert the words " original writs"
before "civil," and after " criminal" to strike
out "warrant;" so as to read :
That all justices of the peace may issue original
writs, oivil and criminal, returnable before them-
selves. .
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. BUCK ALE W. If I heard-this fifth sec-
tion correctly, it strikes me that a very singular
expression is used—"unnecessary cruelty."
I propose to make that read " wanton cruelty."
Mr. MORRILL. " Unnecessary severity"
is the language.
Mr. BuCKALEW. I move to amend by.
inserting the words " and wanton" after "un-
necessary."
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CRIMES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now that the Sen-
ate take up for consideration House bill No.
431,
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 431) providing for the punishment of
certain crimes therein named m the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the thirteenth section, in these
words:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That in all eases
whore attorneys are appointed by the court to defend
prisoners on their trial, tlio court may order the pay-
ment of such foes for such defenso as may bo deemed
reasonable, but in no instance to exceed twenty-fivo
dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ALLEGHANY ARSENAL. M
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up a little
bill from the House of Representatives which
is recommended by the Secretary of War as
necessary. It is a bill to authorize the pur-
chase of certain lots of ground««djoining the
Alleghany arsenal at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.
There is a spring on the land that the Govern-
ment uses, and the Secretary of War recom-
mends the purchase of the ground. I move to
take up House bill No. 1141.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1141) to authorize the purchase of
certain lots of ground adjoining the Alleghany
arsenal at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It empowers the Secretary of War to accept
the offer of the Saint Pranciscus Hospital So-
ciety to sell to the United States certain lots
of ground situate in the borough of Lawrence-
ville, Pennsylvania, numbered one, two, three,
and four, containing about nine thousand six
hundred square feet, and upon which is a spring
supplying the arsenal with water; and appro-
priates $3,800 to pay for the lots upon their
conveyance to the United States by good and
sufficient title in fee-simple.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
^ COPYRIGHT LAW.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Committee cm. the
Library, to whom was referred the amendment
of the Etouso of Representatives to the bill (8.
No. 491) amendatory of the several acts re-
specting copyrights, have instructed me to rec-
ommend that the amendment be concurred in.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of line nine of the sec-
ond section the words "to give a receipt for
the same if requested and."
The amendment was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, the Senate
(at ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.) ad-
journed.
