482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Williams, James F, Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and
Windom—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Anoona, Baker, Bergen, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Buckland, Campbell, Cooper, Davis,
Defrees, Denison, Eldridge, linck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ab'ner C. Harding,
Hart, Hawkins, Hise, H^gan, Chester D. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson,
Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Left-
wieh, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McKee, Morrill,
Niblack, Nicholson, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves. Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel U. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Andrew II. Ward,
Hamilton Ward, EliLu B. Washburne, and Whaley
—60,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amell, Barker, Beaman,
Bidwell, Blow, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Darling, Dawson, Dumont, Eggleston, Farnsworth,
Harris, Hayes, Hotchkiss, Asahol W. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, jones, Kasson,Ketcham,Laflin, William Law-
rentee, Loan, McCullough, Myers, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Rousseau,
Scofield, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Trimble. Robert T.
Van Horn, Winfield, Woodbriage, and Wright—il.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-eall,
Mr. STOKES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Arnell, was absent; if present he would vote
" ay."
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague, Mr. Kasson,
would have voted "ay" if he were present.
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague, Mr. Myers,
who is absent on business of a committee,
would have voted for the bill had he been
present.
• Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I wish to
make the same statement in regard to the gen-
tleman from Kansas, Mr. Clarke, that I made
upon the passage of the Nebraska bill. He is
necessarily absent, and if present would have
voted for the bill.
■ The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
adjourn.
walt debts of the loyal states.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on War Debts of the Loyal
States, reported a bill to reimburse the States
'that furnished troops to the Union Army for
advances made and expenses incurred in rais-
ing tlie same; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the committee.
The motion of Mr. SCHENCK to adjourn
wa3 agreed to; and thereupon (at four o'clock
and ten minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. COLVEU: Three petitions from citizens
of Venango and Crawford counties, Pennsylvania,
against the reduction of the currency.
Also, a petition from refiners and citizens of vari-
ous States, asking a reduction of the internal reven lie
tax on refined petroleum, and a change in the mode
of assessing the same to conform to general manu-
factures, by fixing a per centage ad valorem on refined
petroleum and naptha'sold for consumption in the
United States. .
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of H. Harrison, and
227 others, citizens of Westfi'-Id, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a specific internal duty on cigars.
By Mr. DONNELLY: Thepetition ofStephenliew-
son, and others, citizens of Isanti county, Minnesota,
asking lor the iuipe-iohmcnt and removal from office
ot Andrew Johnson, President of the United States.
By Mr. HART: The petition of 79 citizens of Rush,
Monroe county, New York, asking that the duties
upon wool as fixed by the tariff bill passed by the
House of Representatives in its last session may be
adopted by Congress this session. .
By Mr. INSliRSOLL: The memorial of Edwin R.
Hong, of Cambridge, Illinois, praying for relief.
Bv Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 2,471 citizens of
Richmond, Virginia, asking that a provisional gov-
ernment be established for Virginia, and the so-called
restored State government be abolished.
By Mr. LONCfOAB: The petition of Edmund S.
Tiacy, and others, citizens of Eaton county, Michi-
can. asking for certain amendments to the bounty
law of July 28,1806. •
By Mr O'NEILL: The petition of journeymen
cigar-makers and manufacturers of cigars, numer-
ously sUncd, asking that the present tax law may be
so modified as to prevent irregularity and injustice-
that the inspections of cigars in the different dis-
■}£«!$  bo uaaxl&fey & tiiuiorni s&'stsm; tu©
tax be made specifio at five dollars per thousand on
all domestic cigars: that the tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged; that stamps may be sold to
manufacturers at five dollars per thousand? and that
the penalty for violating the internal revenue laws
may be increased. .
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
an appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Ontonagon, in the State of Michigan.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of 132 pensioners
of the United States and employes in the civil ser-
vice of the Government, for arrears of pension with-
held by act of March 3,1865. ,
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Lord <fcEveleth, of
Winterport, Maine, for damages for breach of con-
Also, the petition of Asa Thurlough and 63 others,
of Monroe, Maine, for amendment of Constitution
providing that there shall be no inequality among
eitizens on account of birth, race, color, or previous
inByUMr.yRICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
the Boston Board of Trade, for the removal of ob-
structions to navigation in Boston harbor.
By Mr. RITTER: The petition of S. M. Wing, C.
R. Tyler, William Allen, and others, of the county
of Daviess, and State of Kentucky, asking Congress
to refrain from the passage of any act authorizing
the curtailment of the national currency.
By Sir. SCHENCK: A memorial of Joshua Hill, of
Alabama, praying compensation for property ta&en
for or destroyed by the armies of the United States
during the rebellion, and when as a loyal citizen he
had bean granted protection for himself and his prop-
erty.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 16,1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
officers of the United States Army, and seven
petitions of officers of the Army and Marine
corps of the United States, praying for an
increase of pay; which were referred tothe
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. I also present the petition of
John H. Cunningham and a large number of
other persons employed in the Government
Printing Office, one hundred and nineteen of
whom have been in the public service in the
Army, praying that the benefits of the joint
resolution now pending before Congress giving
twenty per cent, additional pay to clerks, mes-
sengers, &c., may be extended to them. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Finance, which I believe has the
subject under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two memorials
of citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against
the passage of any act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or a return
within a limited time to specie payments, and
against compelling national banks to redeem
their notes 'in New York, or prohibiting na-
tional banks from paying or receiving interest
on bank balances; which were referred to the
Committee on 1'inance.
He also presented a memorial of Charles J.
Gallagher, late a private soldier in company G,
first Michigan Veteran volunteer cavalry regi-
ment, praying that he may be allowed the
amount paid by him for transportation from
the place of his discharge to the place of his
enlistment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for an appropriation for the
construction of certain piers and a light-house
at the entrance of Thunder Bay river into
Thunder bay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Milwaukee, in favor of a
ship-canal across the St. Clair fiats; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a communication
in the nature of a petition from some ladies
who represent thenweiwsstffl folders in the Post
Office Department, claiming that they have
been omitted in the joint resolution which has
been passed by the House of Representatives
providing for increased compensation to the
civil employes of the Government, ancLasking
to be embraced in that resolution. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance,
^he motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or a return
within a limited time to specie payments, and
against compelling national banks to redeem
their notes in New York, or prohibiting na-
tional banks from paying or receiving interest
on bank balances; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society,
signed by their president, James Mott, by their
corresponding secretary, Benjamin C. Bacon,
and by their recording secretary, E. M. Davis,
in which they earnestly pray Congress to pre-
pare such an amendment to the united States
Constitution, to be presented to the several
States for ratification, as will forever prevent
any distinction in the right of suffrage on ac-
count of race or color. I ask the reference of
this petition to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present eleven peti-
tions from citizens* of North Carolina, who
call themselves "loyal colored citizens of
North Carolina," in which they ask Congress
to pass into a law the bill introduced into the
House of Representatives on the 13th of De-
cember, 1866, by Hon. Thaiideus Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, to establish civil government in
North Carolina, or to pass some bill similar in
character, so that civil government may be
speedily established on a thoroughly loyal
basis, and North Carolina restored to her
former relations in the Union. I ask the ref-
erence of these petitions to the joint Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
They were so referred.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of
Joseph Humphries, representing that he was a
gunner's mate on board the United States
schooner Shark when she was wrecked at the
mouth of the Columbia river on the 10th of
September, 1846, and praying for compensa-
tion for the losses suffered by him in conse-
quence of that disaster; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented six petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes ;
which were ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Little and others, pensioners, praying for a
modification ■ of the pension act of June. 16,
1866 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. . . .
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes; which was-
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented resolutions of
the Legislative Assembly of Oregon, instruct-
ing the Senators in Congress from that State to
use their influence to prevent the repeal oi the
act of July 4, 1864, and the substitution of an
assay office in Oregon for the branch mint
provided for in that act; which were ordered
to lie upon the table. _ . . .
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Lancaster, Erie county, New York,
praying for the passage of House bill No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
reports 05 committees.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Georg® L. Elder; lieutenant of company1 D,
