1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
six hundred thousand electors of the United
States, representing a population of about eight
million people will be represented in this
Chamber by two voices only. In all the States
of the North and in all the States of the West
including the Pacific coast, the only Repre-
sentatives of the political minority of the coun-
try will be the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] and myself. That great mass of
intelligent humanity will have two votes in
this Chamber, and the two million two hun-
dred thousand that constitute the majority will
have about forty. In the other House the
case is, if possible, still stronger, because there
it is supposed that the popular principle pre-
vails.
I say that if we enter upon this field of
debate, which is proper and appropriate upon
the consideration of this measure, we have a
more important subject presented than any other
which is before Congress, a more important
subject even than the admission of the southern
States. Eight thousand voters in the State
of Colorado are to have two votes in this
Chamber. Eight thousand voters in Colorado
are to have the same weight in the other House
that twenty-two thousand in other parts of the
country (taking the average ratio) have.
What I meant in rising, however, was to say
that upon the first favorable occasion—I shall
not embrace this one—I shall desire to be
heard by the Senate at length, not for the pur-
pose of complaining of the existing injustice,
not for the purpose of pointing out defects in
our republican system, not for the purpose of
showing that without amendment and without
change this experiment of ours must fail, not
for the purpose of showing that civil convul-
sion and war arose from these defects in our
system, but for the purpose of directing atten-
tion to useful changes, to amelioration, to
improvement, by which our political system
can have safeguards for its permanence and
for its success hereafter. I regret from the
bottom of my heart that this Senate is admit-
ting these small States, increasing this exist-
ing inequality, accumulating difficulties in the
way of reform. But, sir, I know that before
the hot and heady passions of the hour—ay,
and the interests of the hour—protest will be
unavailing; and all that I could accomplish,
if I were heard fully to-morrow or upon any
other occasion would be to convince thought-
ful and honest men in the country that this
thing is wrong; it would be impossible to
change present votes.
But, sir, the truth, the interests of our peo-
ple, and the permanence of our institutions
demand that this subject should be investigated,
and upon the first proper occasion after this,
when I shall be within the rules of order, and
•when remarks from me on this subject will be
tolerated by the Senate, I Intend to be heard,
and to show facts and to discuss principles
that are much more worthy of attention, in
my opinion, than the current politics of the
times. My political passions are not of the
warmest and most ardent description ; perhaps
they are rather lukewarm for a good partisan.
I would willingly sacrifice all my connections
with party politics and retire cheerfully from
public life if I could induce my countrymen to
reform those defects in our system out of
which existing troubles have arisen, and with-
out the correction of which it is impossible
that our system of government should continue
successful and glorious in the future.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the
bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion before the Senate is the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, to postpone the present
and all prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill named by him.
Mr. WADE. In consequence of this ar-
rangement, 1 am willing to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. You had better take up
the bill nnd have it assigned for to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. It is understood that we shall
take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion has been made and not withdrawn.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it if I am per-
mitted to do so.
message i'rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted upon its amendment
to the bill of the Senate No. 204 to pro-
vide for an annual inspection into Indian af-
fairs, and for other purposes, disagreed to by
the Senate, asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John A. Kasson of Iowa,
Mr. Robert C. Schenck of Ohio, and Mr.
William Windom of Minnesota, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill of the House No.
740, for the organization of land districts in
the Territories of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and
Montana, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. George W. Julian of Indiana,
Mr. Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota, and
Mr. Stephen Taber of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 598, to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Thomas A.
Jenckes of Rhode Island, Mr. Henry L.
Dawes of Massachusetts, and Mr. John L.
Dawson of Pennsylvania, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution of the House, No. _
2G6, granting certain public property to the
State of Ohio, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. James A. Garfield of
Ohio, Mr. James G. Blaine of Maine, and
Mr. John W. Hunter of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
And the message further announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1183)
amendatory of an act for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead actual settlement
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its amendment to the
bill of the Senate No. 534, to provide for the
allotment of the members of the Supreme
Court among the circuits, and for the appoint-
ment of a marshal for the Supreme Court, dis-
agreed to by the Senate, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. James F. Wil-
son of Iowa, Mr. Thomas Williams of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. William Radford of New
York, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House disagreed to the first amendment and
! agreed to the other amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House No. 1154, making
j appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
j completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and
for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
No. 220, for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels-of-war and
steam machinery.
The message further announced that the
House disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1220, to
provide ways and means for the payment of
compound-interest notes.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolu-
tion of the House:
A bill (II. R. No. 588) for the relief of Rich-
ard Chenery;
A bill (H. R. No. 11GG) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned,
! and for other purposes ; and
j A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
1 vices.
i enrolled bills signed.
! The message further announced that the
| Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate:
j A bill (S. No. 490) to amend an act entitled
'•'An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Idaho." approved March
, 3, 1863 ; and
! A bill (S. No. 590) to provide for a temporary
increase of the pay of officers in the Army of
| the United States, and for other purposes,
j contractors for the iron-clads.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission of
the Senhte, I submit the following report from
a committee of conference :
The committeo of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses .on the bill (S. No. 220) for
tho relief of certain contractors for the construction
of vessels-of-war and steam machinery, having mot,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend. and do recommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate agree to the House amendment
with the following amendments:
After tho word " same," in the fourth line, insert the
words "undercontraots made after the 1st day of May,
! 1861, and prior to the 1st day of January, 1864."
\ Add to the House amendment the following words:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy, under
this resolution, shall investigate the claim of W. II.
' AVcbb for constructing the steamer Dunderberg, ap-
I plying the provisions of this resolution in such invest-
igation, except that proper consideration shall be
s given to the increased cost incurred by said Webb by
reason of any alteration in the plans and specifica-
tions for tho Dunderberg made during the progress
of the work, whether sueh alterations were provided
for in the original contract or not, when payment for
the same was not embraced in the contract price.
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
HENRY B.ANTHONY.
WAITMAX T. AVILLEY.
Managers on the part of the Senate,
ITHAMAR C. SLOAN,
COLUMBUS DELANO,
Manager  on the part of the I I owe.
The report was concurred in.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 950) to amend the organic
acts of Arizona and New Mexico—to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
A bill (H. R. No. 1063) to regulate and fix
the salary of the consul at Hamburg—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 1121) amendatory of the
organic act of Colorado Territory—to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
A bill (H. R. No. 1230) for the relief of tho
widow of Andrew Cunningham—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 1231) forthe relief of Nott
& Co.—to-the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of John Sedgwick, collector
of internal revenue third collection district of
California—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1183) amendatory of an
act for the disposal of the public lands for
homestead actual settlement in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
indian affairs.
The Senate proceeded to consider t he amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill of the Senate No. 204, to provide for an
