1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-1247
United States of America,
<Cerritoky of New Mexico.
I, "VV. 1?. M. Amy, secretary and acting Governor
of New Mexico, do hereby certify that the foregoing
is a true copy of the original, which is on file in my
office, as passed by the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Now Mexico at its present session.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my
r. „ -i name and affixed my official seal, this 21st day
s.j of janqary a_ j). 1867.
XT. F. M. ARNY,
Secretary and Acting Governor of New Mexico.
Mft CHAYES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented two other memorials of the Legislature
of New Mexico, relative to the same subject;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
war debts op loyal states.
The SPEAKER announced as the first, busi-
ness in order the unfinished business at the ad-
journment yesterday, being the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House, on the 15th
of January last, recommitted to the select Com-
mittee on the War Debts of the Loyal States the
bill (H. R. No. 998) to reimburse the States
that have furnished troops to the Union Army
for advances made and expenses incurred in
raising the same.
Mr. J3LAINE. This bill proposes to reimburse
the States that have furnished troops to the Union
Army fifty-five dollars for each man so put into
the Army, regardless of the expense incurred
by the State in putting the men there. It pays
for the men put in rather than for the expenses
incurred in putting them in, treating in that re-
spect all the States alike. And I desire, with-
out detaining the House, to make a test ques-
tion on the vote to reconsider; and on that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. I should like to ask a question.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. McKEE. Does this bill provide in this
reimbursement that sums of money already
paid shall be deducted; that is, sums already
paid for arms, equipments, &c.?
Mr. BLAINE. The sums already paid have
been paid under existing law. It does not
make provision to deduct them, nor does it
cut off any State from any claim which may
be audited and paid under existing law. This
is entirely extraneous. ,
Mr. DELANO. I should like to know what
is the aggregate appropriation ?
Mr. BLAINE. One hundred and fifteen
million dollars in five per cent, bonds, the
interest to be paid in currency and the bonds
not to be negotiable until after July 1, 1887.
Mr. DELANO. This bill then proposes a
very heavy appropriation for the purpose of
the payment of these claims. _ The fact as to
when these bonds 'are negotiable does not
prevent them from increasing the obligations
of the Government; and in the present condi-
tion of the country financially, I think the
House ought to well understand what it is for.
I am aware, sir, this gives to the State of
Ohio some thirteen million dollars. I represent
in part that State, but Ohio is not the entire
Union—only a portion of it. It is proper,
therefore, the House should understand what
this is before it makes this large expenditure
of money.
I do not believe it is a measure wo ought to
enter upon now. There is not a State in the
Union whose finances are not in a better con-
dition than the finances of the Government of
the United States. The time may come when
the Government can assume this indebtedness
and discharge it, but that time has not yet
come. 1-ii
There is now a large amount of unadjusted
claims, some portion of which, with proper
discrimination, will have to be_ paid. The
demands of duty will require it. I hope,
therefore, the House, before it assumes this
debt, will see what it is doing and what neces-
sity there is for it.
Mr. BLAINE. I will satisfy the gentleman:
the unadjusted claims to which he refers will
summarily and finally be adjusted by this bill.
I need only call his attention to section three,
which reads as follows:
Sec. o. And be it farther enacted. That each bond
issued in pursuance of this act shall have plainly
printed or engraved thereon the words following,
namely: "The bonds of which this is one are issued
to the State of in full reimbursement for ex-
penses incurred by said State in the war for the
Union. Said bonds a.re not negotiable until after the
1st day of July, A. D. 1887, and then only upon the
Indorsement of the Governor of the State. And said
bonds are accepted by said State in full payment of
allclaims for expensesincurred or losses sustained in
the war for the Union, either by the State or by any
municipal corporation within the State."
Mr. DELANO. The provision of the bill
to which the gentleman has just called my at-
tention does not touch the subject to which I
have adverted. What I allude to is this: during
the progress of the rebellion, in the loyal and in
the disloyal States, private property was taken
for the use of the Army. It was sometimes in
the way of property and perhaps sometimes in
the Way of money. It was taken from loyal
persons, and went to support the Army. It
went for subsistence supplies, quartermaster
supplies, &c.; and these individual claims are
not covered by the provision of this bill to
which my attention has been called.
We know that they are already pressed upon
us, and that in some form the question is to
be met. I ask whether those claims do not
create a demand upon the Government infi-
nitely more potential than these claims in
behalf of the States? I make no proposition
in reference to these private claims, but only
present the condition of the country, so that
gentlemen may understand it before breaking
into this large appropriation of $115,000,000.
You have before you now, or will have
shortly, the' bounty bill, which will demand
consideration perhaps over any other measure
of this kind, and will take out of your Treasury,
if I am not misinformed, some $250,000,000.
" Mr. BLAINE. I would ask the gentleman
a question just at this point. Does not this
$j.l5,000,000, which the gentleman says adds
so much to the national debt, relieve by just
that.amount the local debt?
Mr. DELANO. I do not so understand it;
if it does, say so in plain English and not in
such an obscure way that there may be doubt
about its interpretation. Now I am for the
measure ; I think it is one that we are Com-
pelled to go for; but it is a subject which can
bear postponement. Better let the States
wait than let men wait who have periled their
lives for their country. I hope the gentleman
will not press his bill; if he does, I hope the
House will so dispose of it that the burden
will not be laid at the present time on the
finances of the country.
Mr. LE BLOND. Has this bill come before
the House from any regular committee ?
Mr. BLAINE. It came from a special
committee appointed at the first meeting of
Congress.
Mr. LE BLOND. Has it been referred to
any standing committee at any time ?
Mr. BLAINE. A special committee was
raised for the purpose of considering it.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I will vote to re-
consider, with the understanding that it shall
be referred to the appropriate committee for
investigation, to be reported upon by that
committee hereafter.
Mr. BLAINE. What will be the proper
committee?
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not know of any
that would be more appropriate than the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine from what sources the num-
ber of men with which the States are credited
in this bill has been obtained? My reason for
asking is, I observe the bill credits my own
State for 267,588 men, while by the report of the
adjutant general of Pennsylvania the number
furnished by that State was 302,284, which is
exclusive of militia. The number therefore
in the bill is at least 100,000 less than what is
certified by the adjutant general.
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir, notamanless. Tins
bill has reduced the number to the standard
of three years' service, and therefore while it
is true that Pennsylvania furnished 302,284
men, when reduced to that standard it makes
267,588 men. There were a good many one-
year, two-year, and nine-month men.
Mr. THAYER. Has the gentleman put the
House in possession of the calculation by which
his result is arrived at?- It would be more sat-
isfactory for us to go through the process by
which these numbers have been arrived at.
Mr. BLAINE. I can answer it satisfac-
torily. The figures were furnished by the War
Department upon a call for_ that information
by this House. It is 'an official statement. Is
that satisfactory?
Mr. THAYSlR. No ; I am not satisfied.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Maine yield ?
Mr. BLAINE. For a question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
the shortest way to dispose of this question will
be the best. This bill proposes that the Fed-
eral Government shall assume a debt which it
is in no manner bylaw or equity bound to pay,
and I would remind the gentleman from Maine
that the Treasury of the United States is not
so flush at this time as to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay any such debt.
Mr. BLAINE. I only yielded for a ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has cut mo off in the middle of my
argument. [Laughter. J
Mr. BLAINE. I yielded for a question, not.
for an argument. I have promised to yield a
few foments to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCIIENCK. My only object jn rising
was to make a proposition. This bill comes
from a select committee created for the pur-
pose of considering it. It is based upon a
matter referred to that committee. It has
been a long time before the House, the bill
has been printed, and it has evidently passed
in a great degree out of the minds of mem-
bers of the House, who had turned their atten-
tion to it heretofore. I propose now, if it
can be generally agreed to, that by common
consent we reconsider and order the yeas and
nays and lay the subject over to be voted upon
at a future time.
Mr. BLAINE. What would that time bo?
Mr. SCHENCJK. Let it be some two or
three days hence. I suppose' we can do that
by common consent and have the previous
question called and seconded, so that the vote
can be taken without debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I shall object to that.
The SPEAKER. There arc two bills or-
dered by unanimous consent to be considered
after the morning hoar, the indemnity bill and
the bounty bill; and those bills cannot be dis-
placed except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAJNE. I of course care no more
about this bill than any other gentleman _ in
the House. It does not affect my State differ-
ently from anybody else's State, nor even quite
so favorably as it affects some other Stales.
All 1 desire is that the House shall be brought
to a vote upon it. I care not particularly what
that vote is, and the most direct way to reach
that end is to consider the question of recon-
sideration a test question, and therefore I
move the previous question upon the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
a few moments?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir; as the gentleman
is a member of the committee.
Mr. BOYER. I had made up my mind to
east my vote in favor of this bill: but the ac-
tion of this House during the present week has
changed my determination. This bill proposes
that the Federal Government shall assume cer-
tain debts contracted by the States, which oth-
erwise it would not be bound to pay. I think
that if all the States were represented on this
floor it would be a measure which would "com-
mend itself to this Congress for adoption ; but
the recent legislation of this House has show-u
a disposition on the part of the dominant ma-
jority here to exclude from representation, tor
