1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the Senator is satisfied that he cannot get that,
and why he proposes this, so as to open the
whole question for consideration and amend-
ment, thus enabling a new tariff to be made by
the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to take up the
House bill. When it shall be taken up, it will
be for the Senate to say what amendments, if
any, shall be made to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that the Senator
proposes to take up the House bill; but at the
same time he proposes an amendment to the
House bill changing it entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend to stand by the
action of the Senate. If the Senate choose to
vote me down on that question, be ft so. I
feel that we have considered this subject, and
ought to stand by the deliberate action of the
Senate, although I should personally prefer the
House bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that the
bill which the Senator from Ohio proposes to
take up is the bill that was passed by the House
at the last session, and is now on the table and
our action upon which, if we pass it as it came
from the House, makes it a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we pass it without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it may be as
well to explain just how this matter stands.
The proposition of the Committee on Finance,
so far as they have taken any action, is to pass,
instead of the House bill as it stands, the bill
that the Senate acted upon deliberately, on the
subject of wool and woolens, and adopt that,
thinking itto be a better bill, more elaborated,
and protecting the interests of woolen manu-
facturers and wool-growers quite as well and
perhaps better. There are two consequences
involved. We can take up the House bill on
wool and woolens and pass it precisely as it
passed the House in totidem verbis if the Sen-
ate sees fit, and the result of that is necessarily
an abandonment of all the rest of the tariff
measure.
Mr. CRESWELL. So I supposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if the bill is amend-
ed, as proposed by the Committee on Finance,
by substituting for it the bill which the Senate
passed on the subject of wool and woolens, it
will go back to the House of Representatives,
and then the House can put any amendment
on our amendment that they see fit to do. In
the one case we "get a bill for the protection of
wool and woolens alone and nothing else; and
in the other we have a chance to extend pro-
tection to other interests. That is the simple
state of the case.
Mr. CONNESS. In ejthercase, then, I sub-
mit to the honorable Senator, we had better
proceed with the consideration of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to
allow it to be proceeded with beyond one
o'clock, because that would be an abandon-
ment of the tax bill.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not possible that
Senators desire to debate this question. I
think they are prepared to vote upon the prop-
ortion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is in a con-
dition that I never saw it in yet during all the
fourteen years I have been here, if they are
prepared to act on the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from California. I never yet saw a meas-
ure of this sort, or of any other kind, that was
allowed to be passed without debate, on the
ground that it had been fully debated before.
We took up the tax bill yesterday, and it is
yetundisposedof. We ought to pass it to-day,
if it is to be passed at all. It will be entitled
to precedence at one o'clock. I cannot yield
it to the wool bill, unless I am compelled to do
so by the vote of the Senate, because it would
be virtually to destroy the tax bill, which we
have a very much better chance to pass than
we have to pass the other.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator that I am not prepared to vote to put the
tax bill aside, but will vote with him to pro-
ceed with its consideration when the proper
time comes. I propose simply that, without
further discussion about the order of business,
we proceed to vote on this other bill if we can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
persuade all the Senate to that course I shall
not object.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the Senator with
! his fourteen years' experience must be ready
for an improvement this morning, and I hope
i, he will witness it.
ij Mr. FESSENDEN. That remains to be
seen. There will be no speech from me on the
subject.
!l Mr. CONNESS. Nor from me.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
j ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
I Mr. GRIMES. I understand the question
] of order was decided by the Chair that the bill
' could not be considered if objection was made.
> Are we going on with the bill?
j The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
decided that a motion to take up the bill was
in order, because objection could not very well
be made to its consideration until it was taken
up. The Chair, therefore, put the question to
the Senate, on taking up the bill, and the Sen-
ate voted to take it up. It is up, and its read-
ing has been directed. No objection has yet
been made to proceeding with the bill. The
reading will therefore be continued.
The Secretary read the bill,
i Mr. SHERMAN. My purpose is to offer
! amendments in detail to make this bill corre-
spond precisely to the Senate bill. I therefore
move to strike out the clause with regard to
Wilton, Saxon, Aubusson, and other carpets
of various kinds.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The por-
tion of the bill proposed to be stricken out will
be read.
| The Secretary read as follows:
' On Aubusson and Auxminster carpets, and carpets
I woven whole for rooms, fifty per cent, ad valorem;
I on Saxony, Wilton, and Tournay velvet carpets,
wrought by the Jacquard machine, seventy cents per
j square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
| cent, ad valorem ; on Brussels carpets wrought by the
I Jacquard machine, forty-four cents per square yard,
' and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
I lor cm ; on patent velvet and tapestry velvet carpets,
I printed on the warp or otherwise, forty cents per
| square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; on tapestry Brussels carpets,
printed on the warp or otherwise, twenty-eight, cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent. ad valorem,; on treble ingrain, three-
ply, and worsted chain Venetian carpets, seventeen
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; on yarn Venetian
i and two-ply ingrain carpets, twelve cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem ; on druggets and bookings, printed, col-
ored, or otherwise, twenty-five cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; on hemp and jute carpeting, eight cents
per square yard; on carpets and carpetings of wool,
flax, or cotton, or parts of either, or other material
not otherwise herein specified, forty per cent, ad va-
lorem ; Provided, That mats, rugs, screens, covers,
hassocks, bedsides, and other portions of carpets or
carpcting shall besubjectedto therateof duty herein
imposed on carpets or carpeting of like character or
description, and that the duty on all other mats, (not
exclusively of vegetable material,) screens, hassocks,
and rugs, shall be forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. And in lieu of those
words I propose to insert the following:
On Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson, Axminster,
patent velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry velvet
carpets and carpetings, Brussels carpets, wrought
by the Jacquard machine, and all medallion, or
whole carpets, valued at $1 25 or under per square
yard, eighty cents per square yard; valued at over
-Cej 8U.,?ar0 yard, ninety cents per square yard :
Provided, That no carpeting, carpets, or rugs of the
foregoing descriptions shall pay a duty of less than
fifty per cent, aa valorem.
On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and car-
petings, printed on the warp or otherwise, sixty
cents per square yard.
On all treble ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain
Venetian carpets and carpetings, forty-five cents per
square yard.
On yarn Venetian and two-ply ingrain carpets and
carpeting, thirty-five cents per square yafd.
On druggets, baizes, and bookings, and felt carpets
and carpeting, printed, colored, or otherwise, twenty-
five cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem; on carpets and carpet-
ings of wool, flax, or cotton, or parts of either, or
other material not otherwise herein specified, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem ; Provided, That mats, rugs,
screens, covers, hassocks, bedsides, and other por-
tions of carpets or carpeting shall be subjected to
the rate of duty herein imposed on carpets or car-
peting of like character or description, and that the
duty on all other mats, (not exclusively of vegetable
material,) screens, hassocks, and carpet, and door
rugs, shall be forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I ought to explain that this is a reduction of
the rates proposed by the House. The House
schedule of duties on carpets was materially
reduced by the Senate committee, and in car-
rying out the view I expressed awhile ago, I
make this motion to adopt the duties proposed
by the Senate on carpets instead of the duties
proposed by the House. Senators may find it
in the Senate printed bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand this
amendment, it is to insert in lieu of the bill
known as the Bingham bill the Senate bill on
the same subject as we passed it some days ago
in the general tariff bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A portion of it, not the
I know it is not all the
It is in this particular
whole,
Mr. TRUMBULL.
bill that we passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
about carpets.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the short time that I
have had since this matter was called up I have
been unable to compare these two bills to-
gether; but they are designed to accomplish
about the same object, as I understand: to
afford protection to the wool-growers and also
to the manufacturers of wool. The House has
passed a bill on that subject. A great many
of my constituents have written to me about it,
particularly in regard to wool. They have had
meetings of wool-growers' associations in Illi-
nois, and they have been content to abide by
the bill as it came from the House. The bill
has been discussed by them, and I understand
it is satisfactory to them ; at least they are will-
ing to take it; and if we are to pass any bill on
the subject I should greatly prefer to take the
House bill.  
Mr. CONNESS. This is more favorable td
the wool-growers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, suppose it is;
they are satisfied with the bill as it passed the
House; at least my constituents are, although
the amendment of the Senate may be more
favorable to them, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia says. I have not had time to compare
them together and to state upon an examina-
tion of my own how that is. Doubtless the
Senator from California is correct, tie prob-
ably has compared them. But my constitu-
ents, so far as I know their views, would be
satisfied with what was known as the Bingham
bill on this subject. I shall, therefore, vote
against any of these amendments, and hope
the Senate will consent to take the bill as it
passed the House of Representatives. If the
Senate amendment is more favorable to those
whom I represent, and who have taken a par-
ticular interest in this matter, I can only say
they are willing to rest content with the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives.
If we send this bill back to the House we run
this hazard: they may put upon it just what
they please, perhaps the whole tariff bill that
passed and was sent to us at the last session,
perhaps our tariff bill as we passed it, and we
shall thus have the whole subject back again,
and the result will be that you will accomplish
nothing. Now, if it is desirable to pass any
bill on this subject, we make that certain by
taking the House bill as it passed.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia says, "Let us vote." I did not rise
with a view of taking up time, but merely to
state that I shall vote against this amendment
and all amendments, because I prefer taking
the bill as it passed the House rather than to
run the hazard of losing any bill, and because
I think that bill would be satisfactory to the
people whom I represent, who are interested in
this matter.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Sena-
tor that it is the purpose, or at any rate if not the
purpose it is the intention, of some to do the
very thing which he has suggested. I appre-
hend there is an amendment in the hauds of a
Senator here ready to be offered the moment
