1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pany books, papers, and files, the zeal and ability of
their officers, the condition of all public property?
the fidelity and care of officers responsible therefor,
and all other important mattors affecting the effi-
ciency of said troops.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in time of
peace the national guard shall obey all orders issued
by the Assistant Secretary of War in organizing and
arming the militia within the scope of the powers
conferred upon Congress over the militia by the Con-
stitution, and shall obey all orders issued by the Gov-
ernors of the respective States and Territories within
the scope of thfe authority reserved by the Constitu-
tion to the States; and the Assistant Secretary of
War and Governor of each State and Territory shall,
without delay, furnish each other with copies of all
orders issued by them, respectively, to the national
guard in such State and Territory; and each State
and Territory shall have power to provide for train-
ing the national guard therein according to the dis-
cipline prescribed in this act, and for calling forth
the same to execute the laws thereof and suppress
insurrections therein, and for tho appointment of all
officers of the same; but neither the Governor nor the
adjutant general of the militiain any State or Terri-
tory, nor the Assistant Secretary of War, shall exer-
cise any authority whatever over the national guard
or any part thereof until theyshall have respectively
taken and subscribed the oath prescribed in the act
entitled 4 An act to prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes," approved July 2, 1862; and they
shall each bo subject to all tho penalties proscribed
by law for falsely taking said oath.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any company of infantiy shall have been lawfully
organized and mustered into the national guard, tho
captain of each company shall draw*, for its use, from
the^proper departments, onhis requisitions, approved
by intermediate commandors, and by the Governor
of tho State or Territory, and on the order of the
Assistant Secretary of War, the following articles of
public property, namely: for each non-commissioned
officer, musician, and private, one rifle, (or musket)
oncbayonet.withscabbard, waist-beltand belt-plate,
pup cartridge-box, with cartridge-box plate, shoulder
belt and belt-plate, one cap pouch, one cone pick, one
wiper, one ball-screw, one knapsack, one canteen,
one haversack, one coat, one cap, and one pair of
trovrsers; for ovoryfifteen non-commissioned officers
musicians, and privates, one tent, two camp-kettles,
and five mess-pans; for the non-commissioned officers
and musicians, fifteen non-commissioned officers'
swords with scabbards, bolts, and bolt-plates, one
lifo and ono drum; for the commissioned offieors
three swords, with scabbards, belts, and belt-plates,
and two tonts. But tho provisions of this section
snail,only apply to two regiments in any ono con-
gressional district or Territory, and said issues shall
be made to white and colored troops in the proportion
fixed by tho second section of this act.
buc. 11. And beit further enacted, That whenever
any regiment of infantry shall have been lawfully
organized and mustered into the national guard the
commanding officer thereof shall draw, for the use
ot such regiment, and of tho field, staff, and non-
commissioned staff officers theroof, from tho proper
departments, on his requisitions, approved by the
intermediate commanders, if there shall be anv
such, and by the Governor of the State or Territory
and on the order of tho Assistant Secretary of War'
public property, namely: for
cocit liold and staff officer, ono tent, ono sword, with
scabbard, bolt, and bolt-plate, ono saddle, one
bruilo, and ono pair of spurs; for each non-commis-
°kLeeri one -"A3' (or musket.) one bayo-
onlUwiSti'3abbft.rA' waist-belt and belt-plate, one
vSJ "wh ca*trid&o-box Plate, shouldor-
bolt, and bolt-plate, one cap pouch, one cone pick
one wiper, ono ball-scrow, one knapsack, one can-
toon, ono haversack, one coat, one cap, one pair of
wffi!Tsors,u?,ni i0X\° "on"Commissioncd officer's sword
with scabbard, belt, and belt-plate; for the whole
non-commiasioncd staff, one tent, two oLTkStli
and five moss-pans; for tho regiment one n&tinrini
colon ono regimental color, four Smp oolSn? and
ono held pieco. with carnage, caisson, and cauip-
inonts and impjomonts; but the provisions of this
soetion shall only apply to twovegiments in any one
Sh?.ra'2,na <J1S Cot or T°rritory. ami sSid LI™
shall bo made to tho commanders of white and col-
f>nrHnn <i've?K 11 nolu'ly practicable in the pro-
5 jyi •" second section of this act.
6>E0. }l. And be U further enacted. That .whenever
any brigade shall have boen JawitiiJy organized the
commander thereof shall draw, on his requisitions
bo nn°nVe!,nrt T dAvision commander, if tLere shall
the control of the officer responsible therefor, and
always in his actual possession when not in' use in
the active performance of military duty required or
authorized by this act; and no such clothing or other
property shall be used except in the performance of
such duty, but the same shall bekept in the armories
provided for in section twenty-one of this act, and
shall be turned over by such officer to his successor
in office, or to any other person legally authorized to
receive the same; and every officer to whom such
property shall be issued or turned over shall be re-
sponsible for the lawful use and careful preservation
of the same, and if any officer, non-commissioned
officer, or private, or other person shall, without
good and sufficient excuse, injure, lose, damage,
waste, or destroy any of such property, he shall be
liable to the officer responsible therefor, and also to
the United States for double damages and costs, re-
coverable in any Federal, State, or territorial court
of competent jurisdiction; and if any person shall
wantonly, maliciously, or willfully injure, lose, dam-
age, destroy, or waste any of such property, or use
the same, or permit it to be used at times or places
or in modes not authorized by law, he shall be liable
to indictment therefor in any Federal, State, or ter-
ritorial court of competent criminal jurisdiction, and
upon convictidn thereof, to punishment by a fine not
•exceeding $10,000, one half of which shall be paid to
the informer, or by imprisonment in a penitentiary
or jail of the district or Territory for a period not
exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion of the
court, and shall pay the costs of prosecution.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That every com-
manding officer entitled to receive public property
under theprovisionsof this act shall have authority
to draw, from time to time, from the proper depart-
ments, on his requisitions, approved by intermediate
commanders and by the Governor of the State or Ter-
ritory, and on theordor of the Assistant Secretary of
War, such articles issued under theprovisionsof this
act as shall be necessary to supply deficiencies; but
only one cap, ono coat, and one pair of trowsers each
shall bo issued for the use of the same men, or their
successors, in three years; and all public property
issued under the provisions of this act shall bedeliv-
ered by the United States at the headquarters of the
divisions, brigades, regiments, and companies to
which the samo shall be issued.
Sko. 16. And be it further enacted, That the times
wvnvr e-rtucieu, J.HIU tne times
and Places tor division, brigade, battalion, company,
and squad drills and other military duties and ex-
orcises, shall be fixed by each State and Territory by
nv,j-''r,— ^ tuv-uwcuiyiui uieotaieorxerr
from ™ rj Assistant Secretary of War!
anThbtS'^L Part!Tnts' for the "se of himself
belt and bolt fe' each 0?o sword, with scabbard,
of sDan £ te; °"e s,a<Mle, one bridle, one pair
tw£nn|£St^ "o one Se°DL™
inS«hc BsSSf48 rCpreseDte<i
any divfs'iolishaflt^' ler That whenever
commander thereofJhalf d™£WfUl>? orsran!z.e4 tho
tfegmsatSBBEffi
restricted to one division for cveS 'r  sha-U b?
the U°„Ue°d Sefate represcnted * *e OwwEStf
the national guard, including clothing shall
the property of the United
 uj uiraiu uuu xerritory oy
lavy, or by command of the-Governor thereof, but if
not so fixedin any State or Territory shall be such as
the respective commanding officers of the national
guard therein shall appoint; but there shall be in
the aggregate not less than three days of such drills
and other military duties and exercises in each year;
and there shall also bo m each brigade a brigade
encampment, and in each detached regiment a regi-
mental encampment, of five days in each year, com-
mencing on the last Monday of September, for such
drills and other military exercises and duties, at such
?U(& regulations as the Assistant
Secretary of War shall prescribe.
bBC. J7. And be it further enacted, That all com-
manders of companiesshallmakequarterly company
returns to regimental headquarters on the 1st day of
January, April, July, and October: and all com-
manders ot regiments, brigades, and divisions shall
make quarterly returns of their commands through
the regular military ohannels, between the 1st and
tuth days of the same months, to the Governors of
t !214„r-sF60!'1Se Stlltcs  n^ Territories, and also to
the Assistant Secretary of War: and all officers re-
lor Pui>lic Property shall make twoseparate
Sniln ly roturns thereof, one of ordnance and ord-
nance stores, and the other of camp and garrison
^ whieh shall be forwarded in
duplicato to tho Assistant Secretary of War, and to
the Governors of the respective States and Territo-
Tnli ! ?lst and, 10,5l1 of J anuary, April,
October; and all of said returns shall be
Srv nf w su°h,regulations as the Assistant Secre-
.u.m, s?aU .P,re5c,ub,e'. l,P°n Panted blanks,
amlually^or often™ if ne^e^ary°n r,<JU's't*ons madc
bvarp im«mt«nnUa' insp.eotions °f commands,
t i m or companies, at such times and places
aa the Assistant Secretary of War shall direct- and
n!ill°01iiman 3 °1 divifions and detached brigades
resDeeti^°l?mn^n«frS d°tached regiments, shall,'
respectively, at the annual brigade or regimental
encampments provided for in this act, insnSt the
troops, who shall also at such encampments be re-
viewed and mustered for payment; and reports of
the tfoow tk".' ™ade~sl">wing the discipline of
and dn£ thi pH?"-1" a11 military exercises
Imt. . j state of their arms, clothing, equip-
ments, and aecoutorments of all kinds, and of the
nmffils, r?flmcntal, and company books, papers
ana files; the condition, situation, and manner of
taking care of all public property; the fidelity and
care of all officers responsible therefor; the mode
of enforcing discipline, and other important informa-
tion concerning the troops, shall be without delay
i. t QUg intermediate commanders
of 'the"IfaTe or'!SSta? 0f Wa™°dt° the
H„iP.e^ °xoept by sen-te?ce of a general eourT-mar-
to tilt rank? in "t'im^rSfSS'Qneduffieer sh-a11 deduced
to me ranks in time of peace by a regimental com-
mandfng^officer4 th<S
 |°co^n6|dVl^:^
of the national guard, armed, equipped, and paid by
  February 14,
the United States in accordance with the provisions
of this act, shall, while on duty at any muster, drill,
parade, or encampment required by this act, and
while going to and returning from thesame, be priv-
ileged from arrest in all cases except treason, felony,
and breach of tho peace, and exemptfrom capitation
taxes,"from labor upon tho public highways, and
from the duty of attendance as parties or witnesses
upon .any Federal, State, orterritorial courts.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That each officer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, and privateshall
receive from the United States two dollars per diom
for the performance of military duty at the drills,
encampments, and other exercises and duties pro-
vided for in this act; but such payment shall notin
anj^ case exceed ten dollars per annum; and each
division, brigade, regimental, and company com-
mander, when responsible for public property under
the provisions of this act, shall, if not delinquent in
the performance of any of tne duties herein pre-
scribed, receive from the United States fifty dollars
per annum, in full compensation for his care of and
responsibility for such property; and. each regi-
mental and company commander, .when so responsi-
ble for public property, shall also receive the sum of
fifty dollars per annum for the rent of an armory act-
ually used for the safe-keeping of tho same; and it
shall be the duty of each commissioned officer to pro-
vide himself with the uniform prescribed in the reg-
ulations for tho Army of the United States, and if
not delinquent in the performance of this or any
other military duty he shall receive from the United
States, on account of clothing, twenty dollars per an-
num, and all of said payments shall be made annu-
ally, through the pay department, under such regu-
lations as the Secretary of War shall prescribe, but
the payments herein authorized shall be made only
to the officers, non-cominissioned officers, and pri-
vates of two regiments of infantry in each congres-
sional district and Territory, and to the officers of
the brigades and divisions into which Such regiments
maybe organized under the provisions of this act;
and no officers, non-commissioned officers, orprivates
shall be paid by the United States under the provis-
ions of this act, m. time of peace, except those to
whom or for whose use public property of the Uni-
ted States shall hav.e been issued,, as in this act pro-
vided ; and white and colored troops shall be paid aa
nearly as practicable in the proportion fixed by the
second section of this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That any officer,
non-commissioned officer, or private who shall, with-
out a sufficient excuse, in disobedience of any lawful
order, neglect or refuse to perform military duty at
any muster, .drill, parade, encampment, or other
exercise of his company, regiment, brigade, or divis-
ion, shall, by order of his immediate commander, be
faaed two dollars for each day's absence, and such
fine shall be stopped from the pay of the delinquent
or, by command of the officer imposing it, levied upon
ins personal property not exempt from execution by
the laws of theState or Territory of the United States
by a commissioned officer, or sheriff, or constable, who
shall sell the same at public auction to the highest
bidder, after five days' written or printed notice of
sale, posted m three conspicuous places in the town-
ship in which such delinquent shall reside or said
property bo found, and out of the proceeds of such
sale the officer making the same shall pay said fine
into the treasury of the State or Territory, and shall
retain such fees and costs as shall be allowed by law
to sheriffs or constables for sales of personal property
on execution, and shall pay over the residue to the
officer, non-commissioned officer, or private sb fined-
but ui?on any application made by any officer, non-
commissioned officer, or private so fined, within five
days after notice of such fine, the order imposing the
same shall be forwarded to the immediate commander
of tne officer who shall have imposed it, who shall
review the case, and his order in the premises shall
j P ' and shall be executed as above provided;
and for all other offenses officers, non-commissioned
officers, and privates shall be liableto punishment by
court-martial, according to the laws of the several
thereof'11 -Cerntones' orthe orders of the Governors
Sec. 23. A nd be itfurther enacted, That whenever any
troops of the national guard shall be ordered into
k fche United States, according to law or
shall, according to law, become a part of the Army
It. fetates, upon a declaration of war by
Congress, they shall be entitled to the same, pay and
allowances and to the same issues of commissary's
and quartermaster s stores which shall bo provided
by Jaw for troops of like arms in the regular service*
rounds, injuries, disability, or death,
suffered m the line oi duty, all provisions of law for
tho regular Army m such cases shall be extended to
sentadveg11" Wl<*0WS' cili!(*ren. and personal vepre-
further enacted. That it shall be
+h?+f{Sty °/thS 4?sls,fcant Secretary of War to seo
that this act and all other acts of Congress to provide
are arm}nf  a+nd disciplining the militia
are taithfully executed; to superintend the distribu-
sSp?niSSerVitl0D aU 0rdPance and ordnanco
stoies, camp and garrison equipage, clothing and
other public property issued to the national guard-
lfstmeentroeaths 3p 0 n natioi;a.1 ?u rd blank on-
regular th° mill,tia,: to receive, through the
natfonnl?, Thoha?nels- fr°m the officers of tho
Mrnmmiff' returns, reports, and other official
«.,? ins r,e'iu"'e^ °f them by law; to super-
DerfoMn nil J ?-f th<! national guard, and to
perform all other duties prescribed By law.
