1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'487
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Dixon, Doolittle. Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Hendricks,
Johnson, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Po-
land, Riddle. Sumner, and Williams—18.
NAYS—J^essrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
Bess, Cragin, Fog?, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hender-
son, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Ramsey,
Sherman. Sprague, Stewart, Wade, Willey, Wilson,
and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs.Brown, Cowan,Creswell, Davis,
Guthrie, Howe, MeDougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made by the House of Representatives, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
Bess, Cragin, Fessenden, Fogg, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Kirkwood. Lane.
Morgan, Morrill, Poland,Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Foster, Harris, Hendricks, Johnson,
Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Davis, Guth-
rie, Howe, MeDougall, Nye. Pomeroy, Ross, and
Trumbull—10.
So the amendment was concurred in.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up the
Colorado bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
Sroceeded to consider the" amendment of the
[ouse of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
462) to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union, the House amendment being to strike
out all of the third section of the bill after the
enacting clause and in lieu of it to insert:
That this act shall not take effect except upon the
fundamental condition that within the State of Col-
orado there shall be no denial of the elective fran-
chise or of any other right to any person by reason
of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed; and
upon the further fundamental condition that the
Legislature, electedundersaid State constitution, by
a solemn public act, shall declare the assent of said
State to the said fundamental condition, and shall
transmit to the President of the United States an
authentic copy of said act. upon receipt whereof the
President, by proclamation,shall forthwith announce
the fact, whereupon said fundamental condition
shall be held as a part of the organic law of the
State; and thereupon, and without any further pro-
ceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of
said State into the Union shall be considered as com-
plete. Said State Legislature shall be convened by
the Governor-elect of said State within thirty days
after the passage of this act to act upon the condition
submitted herein.
Mr. BU€KALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of concurring in that
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harris. Henderson, Howard, Kirkwood,
Lane. Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Sherman. Sprasne,
Stewart. Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—27,
NAYS-—Messrs. Buekalew, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Foster, Hendricks, Johnson, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Riddle, and Saulsbury—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Creswell, Davis,
Fogg, Guthrie, Howe, MeDougall, Morgan, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ross, and Trumbull—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
FRENCH INTERVENTION IN MEXICO.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the
resolution submitted by me some time since,
which was under consideration yesterday
morning.
Mr. WTLLTAMS. I do not intend *o indi-
cate any opinion as to the merits of the resolu-
tion, but I hope the pending business will not
be put aside for the purpose of taking up that
resolution. I do not see that there is any
immediate necessity for its consideration, and
it opens an unbounded field of debate, and
there is a necessity that the question regularly
before the Senate should be disposed of as
soon as practicable so that it can be under-
stood what is to be the policy of Congress in
reference to appointments to and removals
from office.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think this reso-
lution will lead to any debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Michigan desires particularly the considera-
tion of this resolution now, I shall not oppose
it. I did design to submit some remarks on
the Mexican question to the Senate and would
have liked to submit them on this resolution;
but of course I will not ask him to postpone
calling it up if he desires its immediate consid-
eration.
Mr. HOWARD. I am anxious that the res-
olution should pass; but still if any gentleman
desires to address the Senate upon it I will not
insist upon occupying the time of the body with
it to-day. I am not apprehensive, however,
that much time will be occupied in its discus-
sion.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations intends
to address the Senate on this subject. I expect
that that is the case to some extent. I hope
it will not be taken up now, but that we shall
go on and finish the other subject alluded to by
the Senator from Oregon, for even if that be not
of pressing importance it is certainly clear that
we shall not get to other business until it is
disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I cer-
tainly have no purpose of addressing the Sen-
ate at any length on this subject. I do not
think at this moment, just at this juncture,
debate on the question is expedient. I am
sure there is no occasion for it; and it is not a
little curious that while my excellent friend [Mr.
Howard] yesterday in his elaborate speech
was declaring his disbelief that the French
troops were about to leave "Mexico, or that
they ever would leave Mexico, the morning
paper contained a distinct annunciation that
troops were going en masse, as it was expressed,
to \ era Cruz to embark for France. All offi-
cial and private information is to the same
eifect. I had yesterday in my hands a dis-
patch which had been communicated to me
from the State Department, from our consul
at Vera Cruz, announcing the arrival in that
harbor of an Austrian frigate to receive Maxi-
milian. That I had on my desk while the
Senator was speaking asking for information
on the subject and declaring his entire disbe-
lief that the French troops would ever leave
Mexico in any reasonable time.
I beg to inform that Senator that while we
are now speaking the French troops are getting
on board their transports for France. Does
not the Senator hear the sound of their em-
barkation and the whistle of their steam en-
gines?
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let him apply
his ears and he will hear it. It comes in every
wind from the South, and also from Europe
itself. There is no doubt about it. The French
troops are at this moment, while we are mak-
ing this inquiry, on their way to Europe. The
whole inquiry therefore is entirely unnecessary.
But as I said yesterday I have no objection to
the passage of the resolution and calling the
attention of the committee to the subject, pro-
vided the resolution is in the received language
of this body; that is, that the subject is com-
mitted to the discretion of the committee,
charging them with the inquiry if in their judg-
ment it it shall be expedient. I proposed an
amendment to the resolution like that yester-
day. With that amendment I shall have no
objection to the passage of the resolution. I
have made these remarks as one reason why
we should not proceed with it now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the present and all prior orders be post-
poned ; that motion is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the resolution will
be taken up and passed by the Senate. It is
one of importance because the information
which it requires at the hands of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations is itself very impor-
tant to the country. I do not propose to go
into the merits of the resolution, as the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts seems to have done.
I said upon that subject almost all that I de-
sired to say yesterday. I must at the same
time, however, repeat that I regard th se rumors
to which he has given currency here in the
Senate as of no more value than the thousand
and one.rumors with which the countrv has
teen amnsed during the last sixteen or eighteen
months in regard to the withdrawal of the
French troops from Mexico. Iyesterday showed
from the convention between the French Em-
peror and Maximilian the improbability of any
such withdrawal. But that is not all that is
covered by the resolution ; it embraces a great
number of other matters equally important to
the country ; and I hope the Senate will pass
the resolution as it is presented and not adopt
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts giving to the Committee on
Foreign Relations entire discretion whether to
report upon these grave subjects or not. That
discretion the committee havealwayspossessed,
and they might have exercised that discretion
at any time heretofore. It is not for the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
or any other chairman of a committee here to
claim the right of deciding what is expedient
for the Senate to do in regard to theseinquiries;
it is for the Senate to decide whether or not it,
is expedient to call for the information, and
not for the Committee on Foreign Relations,
however wise and learned and industrious it
may be.
The motion to take up the resolution was
not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE. HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
356) fixing the compensation for the bailiffs
and criers of the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 456) for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union ; and
A bill (S. No. 462) to admit the State of
Colorado into the Union.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 356) fixing the compen-
sation for the bailiffs and criers of the courts
of the District of Columbia was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
TENCRE OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that- the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill regu-
lating the tenure of offices.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
453) to regulate the tenure of offices, tho
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Svmxeb to amend the amendment agreed to
as in Committee of the Whole by adding to it
the following additional section :
And be it further enacted. That all officers or agents,
exceptclerks of Departments, now appointed by the
President or by the head of any Department, whoso
salary or compensation, derived from fees or other-
wise, exceeds $1,000 annually, shall be nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the advieo
and consent of the Senate; and the term of all such
officers or agents who have been appointed since tho
1st day of July, 1866, either by the President or by the
head of a Department, without tho advieo and con-
sent of the Senate, shall expire on the last, day of
February, 1867.
Mr. HOWE. I have be'en very much in
favor of the pending bill aud am still; and yet
I shall feel profoundly sorry to see the Senate
reject the pending amendment; and in spite of
all I have heard I cannot imagine for my life
what answer the Senate can give if it shall
pass the bill and reject this amendment. Tho
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] says
he does not want to incumber the bill; he
