488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
does not want to embarrass the bill. What
does he want to pass the bill for unless he
means to accomplish something by it? And
if he means to accomplish anything by the
passage of the bill I think he will have to put
the amendment into the bill or he will not
achieve anything much by the bill. Now, what
is it that he aims to accomplish by the passage
of the bill ? What is the evil we are trying to
redress?
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
said last night that he was in favor of the pas-
sage of this bill, because he had given notice
at the last session that if the President per-
sisted in reappointing to office persons who
had been nominated to the Senate and rejected,
then he would be in favor of some law to re-
strict this power of the President. And so the
Senator from Maine seemed to be under the
impression that by the passage of this bill we
were aiming simply to prevent the President
from reappointing to office men who had been
nominated by him and had been rejected by
the Senate.
If that be the main purpose of this bill, I
have misapprehended it; and if that be the
main purpose at which this bill aims, it is a
very awkward attempt to achieve it. If my
purpose were to prevent the President from
appointing to office men who had been rejected
by the Senate, I think 1 could find a more di-
rect and a more certain way to accomplish that
end than this bill. I think it would be suffi-
cient for that purpose to say that if he did
appoint to office o'ne who had been rejected by
the Senate it should be a crime, and that he
should be punished for it in some mild way.
Mr. COWAN. By impeachment?
Mr. HOWE. By impeachment or by im-
prisonment during his natural life, and then to
be hung until he was dead, [laughter,] or by
fine, or by all. I think some such measure as
that would be sufficient to put an end to that
particular evil. But I do not understand that
to be the purpose of this bill. I understand it
to be the purpose of this bill to put the control
of the offices of the country under the laws of
the country. I understand it to be the purpose
of this bill to say, first, that the President shall n o
longer exercise the power which has been here-
tofore exercised under the authority of a statute
of the United States to dismiss men from office
whenever he pleased, and men who had been
appointed by the President with the advice and
consent of the Senate. It is the purpose of the
bill to deprive the President of the right to do
these things. Now, is it right to do that?
On the other side we are told that it is
essential that we should leave this power in
the hands of the President; that the public
business must suffer if you do not give him
this control over these offices. I do not share
at all in the apprehensions of those who reason
that the public will beless faithfully served the
moment we make a public officer understand
that he is independent of the pleasure, the
power, or the will of the Executive. On the
contrary I am among those who believe that
the country will only then begin to be faith-
fully served when public officers are made to
feel that the tenure of their office is in the
main limited to and dependent upon the con-
tinuance of this faithful service.
I do not propose to argue that question; but
on this side of the House it seems to be very
generally conceded that we ought to make these
offices independent of the Executive pleasure.
Well, what offices? If one, why not all? I
said the other day that I thought the heads of
Departments ought to be independent of the
power of the President. No, Senators said all
around me, not those; those are too important;
those are confidential advisers of the President;
those are the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government; you ought to leave
in the hands of the President the control over
those offices. Now, the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to wrest from this
absolute control of the President, this irrespon-
sible authority of the President, some of the
minor offices uf the country; and we are told
now they are too low, they are too humble, they
are too insignificant; so that the head and the'
tail of this official corps we are to leave in the
hands of the President. The Senator from
Vermont seems to be distressed for fear the
body of the corps will be in some way injured
while we arc trying to rescue the two extremi-
ties, or one or other of the extremities.
Mr. President, what is the objection urged
against this amendment? It proposes to say
in effect that all officers now appointed, either
by the President without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, or by the head of a Depart-
ment, who has a salary or a compensation of
$1,000 per annum shall hereafter be appointed
only by the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate ; and when we have
said that the terms of those offices wjll be put
under the same protection and the same secur-
ity that you now propose to put other officers
who are appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. What is the objection
to this? The Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Cragix] says, and the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexdex] echoes the Senator, that
there are myriads of them, and it would intro-
duce all sorts of confusion, and the business
of legislation be stopped; that we should be
overloaded. In the first place, Mr. President,
instead 'of there being myriads, I believe the
number to be very few. We are told that there
is a countless host of inspectors in your cus-
tom-houses, of weighers andgaugers, of inspect-
ors of spirits under your internal revenue laws,
of assistant assessors, that would fall under
this provision. There are a great many inspect-
ors 1 believe in the New York custom-house—
perhaps two or three hundred—the precise
number I do not know. I believe in point of
law they are not required to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury. I do not know
of any such law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, according to law,
on the nomination of the collector of the port.
Mr. HOWE. I am told by my friend from
Vermont, and he is very likely to be correct,
that they are by law to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury upon the nomination
of the collector. Well, then, practically they
are appointed by the collector. There is no
sort of sense in requiring this approval by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It amounts to noth-
ing ; it is a mere form ; but there are only two
or three hundred of them any way in the city
of New York, and that is probably three or four
or five times the number there are in all the
rest of the country. I do not think the Senate
would be swamped if it had to confirm that num-
ber of inspectors. The number of weighers and
of gaugers is much fewer. It is said there are a
great many inspectors of whisky. There is but
just one inspector to a distillery. There are
but about thirty million people iu the United
States. I do not suppose they average more
than one distillery to a man of them; you can-
not have more than about thirty million of these
inspectors. [Laughter.]
So it is undoubtedly true, as the Senator
from Massachusetts said yesterday, that they
can be counted, and I should not be at all sur-
prised if upon the actual count it fell somewhat
short of a distillery to a man. The number of
distilleries in point of fact is limited, and I
trust I shall live to see the day when you will
not think it wise or sensible to put a confede-
rate of a distiller to watch a distillery. I trust
I shall live to see the day when that corps of
officers will be dismissed from the public ser-
vice. If I do not live to see that day, I trust
I shall live to see another day when some one
or two men or three are appointed to watch
the inspector. One or the other 6f those meas-
ures, 1 am satisfied, is going to be absolutely
essential.
But, Mr. President, there is no reason why
an inspector, there is no reason why an assist-
ant assessor should be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Until within a year the
Secretary of the Treasury did not appoint
assistant assessors. A special act was passed
I believe during the last session of Congress,
and very early in the session, giving the ap-
pointment of assistant assessors to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Up to that time they
had been selected in fact and in law by the
assessors themselves. I thought at the time,
and I think now, with all deference to the
action of Congress on that subject, they should
still be selected by the assessors. I think
practically they are selected by the assessors.
There is no purpose in the world, unless I am
grievously mistaken, in giving the Secretary of
the Treasury anything to do with the ratifica-
tion of those selections but the mere purpose
of making them political machines, making
them responsible to some man in the Govern-
ment who is directly responsible to the Presi-
dent of the United States. That is the only
purpose it subserves. The assessor really
selects them, nominates them, dictates them
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
I hope to see the selection of those officers
once more restored to the assessors, as it
was before. When that is done you will have
but a few hundred officers provided for by this
amendment. When that is done there will be
but one officer in the State of Wisconsin that
would come within the provisions of this
amendment 'offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. There will be but a very few in
the United States unless I.am mistaken. But
if I am mistaken, and-if the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from New Hampshire
are right in saying there are millions, I reply
that the more there are of them the more
the necessity for this provision. It is the very
purpose, the life, the whole spirit of the bill
to take this power and this patronage away
from the Executive and put it nearer to the
people themselves and to those who represent
the people; and the more there is of this
patronage the greater the necessity fortaking it
away from the President. And, sir, is it worth
while to tell us that we cannot pass upon these
nominations, be they more or less, in view of
the large, the almost countless thousands—I
guess 1 am exaggerating now in intimating
that the thousands are countless—but the very
many thousands of military officers that we
have been passing upon every year during this
late struggle? I think we are not to be deterred,
having gone through with that labor, from
attempting to pass upon even all the whisky
inspectors and all the assistant assessors that
may ever come to us.
But, Mr. President, if it were our business
here in legislation to protect ourselves from
labor, if that is the object and the purpose to
animate us, we can save ourselves from a great
deal more: just leave the work of making laws
in the hands of the President, let him continue
to make the laws as well as to appoint all the
officers, and we should have a very easy time
of it. Then we could devote ourselves exclu-
sively to the work of drawing our salaries and
spending them. I do not learn that the Pres-
ident is overburdened; I dare say he could
attend to the work of making laws as well as
appointing the officers ; but I do not think we
were sent here for the purpose of shirking
those labors or any labors that properly attach
to us. Nay, 1 think it is our business to seek
labor and to perform it, whatever labor the
service and the welfare of the country requires
at our hands.
But the Senator from Maine urged yester-
day that the President could not know all
about these officers, he could not understand
their character. Well, sir, I -suppose he does
not know much about most of them I charita-
bly hope he knows a very little. If he under-
stood as much about them as I do, I think he
would want somebody to help him different
from what he has had to help him for a year
or two past in the selection. But I must in-
quire very earnestly what there is in the con-
stitution of the Secretary of the Treasury or
the head of any Department which enables him
to know more about these officers than the
^President does. The head of a Department is
but a single man. The President is that.
