1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
1253
sonal way. I propose that any action of that
kind , shall be made highly penal; that any
agent or office? of the Government who shall
be guilty of such an act shall be punished by
imprisonment in the penitentiary, besides being
fined twice the amount of the sum attempted
to be compromised.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Illinois. I would suggest'
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
that it should also be provided that these per-
sons should upon conviction be dismissed from
office. We now have men holding office who,
at least in public opinion, are guilty and have
been for some years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I take it for granted that
we can hardly find a Secretary of the Treasury
who will permit a man to continue to hold of-
fice after he has been sent to the penitentiary.
The penalty which I propose is confinement
in the penitentiary. I leave no alternative to
the court. •
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. That only
reaches the subordinate, not the principal
officer.
Mr. SCHENCK. It applies to every officer
guilty of the offense.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that the amendment of the gentleman
should precede and not follow this clause.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I have no
objection.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend this amend-
ment by adding to it a proviso that for a second
offense the party guilty of the crime shall be
tried by a court-martial or military commission
without the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Boutwell.) The
Chair rules the amendment to the amendment
out of order.
The amendment of Mr. Schfack was then
agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I propose that the com-
mittee return to section five of this bill, which
was passed over in Committee of the Whole
last night.
No objection was made.
The section was as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if it shall at
any time be ascertained that the manufacturer of
any article upon which a tax is required to be paid
by moans of a stamp shall liavc sold or removed
for sale any such articles without the use of the
proper stamp, in addition to the penalties now im-
posed by law for such sale or removal, it shall be the
duty of the proper assessor or assistant assessor, upon
such information as ho can obtain, to assume and
estimate the amount of the tax which has been
omitted to be paid,and to make an assessment theie-
for, and ccrtify the same to the collector; and it shall
also be the duty of the proper assessor or assistant
assessor in like manner to assume and estimate the
amount of taxes which piay be due from any manu-
facturer of distilled spirits on account of any spirits
manufactured by him upon which the tax has not
been paid, and to make the proper assessment there-
for, and tho subsequent proceedings for collection
shall he in all respects like thosefor the collection of
taxes upon manufactures and productions.
Mr. ALLISON. I moye to amend this sec-
tion by inserting after the words 1' it shall be
the duty of the proper assessor or assistant
assessor" the words "within a period of not
more than two years after such removal or
sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to further amend
the section by striking out the words
And it shall also be the duty of the proper assessor
or assistant assessor in like manner to assume and
estimate the amount of taxes which may be due from
any manufacturer of distilled spirits on account 01
any spirits manufactured by him upon which the tax
has not been puid, and to make the proper assess-
ment therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I ask unanimous consent
to return to the first clause of section nine,
which now reads as follows:
That section twenty-two be amended by striking
out after the words assistant assessor," and before
the'word "actually," the words "four dollars for
every day," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" five dollars for every day."
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done only
by unanimous consent. .
Mr. MORRILL. I will say that I think the
amendment which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Darmkg] proposes to offer, as I
understand it, is one that should be adopted,
as there is some confusion as to whether those
assistant assessors shall be allowed their pay
for Sundays. Many of them have to work on
Sundays; I do not know why they should Hot
be paid for the work they do.
No objection was made.
Mr. DARLING. I now move to insert after
the words '"five dollars a day" the words
"including Sundays."
Mr. GRINNBLL. My impression is that
if that amendment shall be adopted every man
or almost every man will find it convenient to
work on Sundays, and thus it will open the
door to temptation to do work on Sundays
which might be done on other days, and add
largely to the cost of collecting the revenue.
Now, those who work on Sundays are the
exceptions and not the rule. Adopt this
amendment and they will be the rule and not
the exceptions.
Tho amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section seventy-nine bo amended as follows;
in paragraph four, by striking out the following
words: in quantities of more than throe gallons
at one and tho same time to the same purchaser, or."
In paragraph five, by striking out tho following
words: " in quantities of three gallons or legs." In
paragraph sixteen, striko out "$100" and insert in
lieu thereof "$500." In paragraph thirty-one, by
adding thereto tho following: "Provided, That no
special tax shall be required of any person for tho
manufacture of butter and cheese." In paragraph
thirtv-two, by inserting after the word "garden"
and before tho word "who" thewords "or traveling
on foot and peddling fruits, vegetables, pies, cakes,
and confectionery."
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend by add-
ing after tho paragraph just read the follow-
ing:
That section ninety bo amended by inserting after
the word "cigars," and before tho first proviso in
said section, the words "and all proceedings relating
to forfeiture and sale of distilled spirits shall apply
to tobacco, snuff, and cigars."
Also, in the second proviso, after tho words that
manufactured tobacco" insert "or," and after the
word " snuff" immediately following, strike out tho
words "or cigars, whether of domestic manufacture
or imported." Also, in the latter part of said pro-
viso, after the word " tobacco," wherever it occurs,
insert the word " or" and strike out the words " or
cigars" wherever they occur.
These paragraphs have, by some error in
arranging the bill, been printed on page 12,
though they more properly belong here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McIiEE. I move to amend by inserting
after the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing:
That section seventy-nino bo amended as follows :
In paragraph four strike out 3100 and insert in lieu
thereof $o00.
This is intended to apply to the wholesale
dealers of liquor, who under the present law
are taxed simply in the sum of $100. I sup-
pose that the object of the committee and of
the House is to raise revenue for the Govern-
ment. Now, a tax of $100 on a wholesale
dealer of liquor amounts simply to nothing.
These wholesale dealers can just as well afford
to pay, and will just as readily pay, a tax of
$500 as a tax of S100. I hope the chairman
of the Committee of'Ways and Means will give
this amendment his assent.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot do so. This bill
is for tho purpose generally of reducing rev-
enue. In the ordinary business of the country
it is not proposed to increase taxation. The
wholesale dealers are all subject to a tax of
more than $100, provided their business ex-
ceeds a certain sum. They are subject to a tax
of one dollar on every $1,000, beyond a certain
amount.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Mc-
Kee, there were—ayes 33, noes 47; no quorum
voting. , , ,
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. McKee and
Allison.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to state the eflect
of this amendment. .
The CHAIRMxlN. That cannot be done
now without unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The cortimittee divided; attd the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 53. ' ' -
So the amendment was rejected. -
Mr. McKEE. I am satisfied that members
have not understood this proposition, a,iid I
ask that a vote maybe taken on it in the House.
The CflAIRMAN. That proposition can-
not be entertained now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the committee understand distinctly the effect
of the proposition. It is to reduce the tax on
the large dealers and raise the tax on the small
ones.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out in the paragraph last read the
following words:
Provided, That no special tax shall be required of
any person for the manufacture of butter and cheese.
Mr. Chairman, I am very sorry that my col-
league and friend from the nineteenth district
of Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is not here to defend
his butter and cheese, representing as he does
what in Ohio we call "Cheesedom." My
reason for offering this amendment is that
when other manufacturers are compelled to
take out a special lioense I do not see why an
exemption should be made in favor of those
who manufacture butter and cheese. I can
very readily understand that where a farmer
makes butter and cheese, just as he makes
sausages and a great many other things inci-
dentally to the carrying on of his farm, he
should not be treated as a manufacturer.
There arc in my own State, in that part par-
ticularly, a great many persons who, without
owning farms, manufacture into butter and
chcese the milk and cream brought up to them
and purchased for that purpose from the neigh-
boring farms. It is in fact a great manufac-
turing business; so large, indeed, though I do
not vouch for tho fact, somewhere in the West-
ern Reserve, in Ohio, this business being car-
ried on'upon top of a hill, a saw-mill is turned
by the buttermilk below. [Laughter.]
" 1' do not know it is carried on extensively
anywhere; but I do know it is hard for a
man who manufactures shoes, leather, or any-
thing else, who is taxed and compelled to pay
for a license for the privilege of doing so, to see
the wealthy manufacturer of cheese pass with-
out paying any- license at all, while perhaps
carrying on a business a hundredfold more
extensive than the man who is taxed in all
shapes.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] suggests the clause stand as it is, and
insert, " from the products of his own dairy
farm." Something of that sort is proper,
or else the large manufacturers of cheese will
escape.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to oppose the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio. It is true,
so far as representations have come before the
Committee of Ways and Means, they have
come from the State of Ohio, that is in regard
to this tax; and it is also true we have from
the start gone upon the principle of leaving
the agriculturists nearly without any tax at all,
and it is to carry out that principle this pro-
vision has been inserted. A great many farm-
ers manufacture more than one thousand dol-
lars worth of butter and cheese. Now, then,
if the law is not amended, they will be com-
pelled to take out a license as manufacturers.
But suppose they do not manufacture for
themselves and are compelled to carry their
milk one, two, three, and four miles to a man-
ufacturer, a sort of joint stock company, I
think they should be exempted.
I was surprised that the gentleman from
Ohio should rise to make a motion to strike
out. The amount received from this source
is very small. There are several manufactur-
ers in New York. I believe there are more
in New York than in any other State. There
are a considerable number in Ohio and further
west. They put their milk to profitable use,
and I wish to encourage them. If these man-
ufacturers are suffered to increase they will
relieve the women, for everywhere these man-
