1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
ufacturers are established it takes the milk
from the cow at once and relieves the women.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strife out the
last word of the proviso.
My friend from the Dayton district [Mr.
Schenck] calls for the Representative irom
cheesedom, and regrets that his colleague from
the nineteenth district [Mr. Garfield] is not
present. I suppose he will accept me as a
substitute, as I represent a portion of the coun-
try coming under that designation. I hope my
friend has no special point to make against
cheesedom for what is past. I will promise
him everything in the future.
Sir, I have received from many of the farm-
ers in my district a protest against the imposi-
tion of a manufacturer's tax upon these men
who make butter and cheese. It occurs to me
you may with as much propriety impose a man-
ufacturer's tax upon the man who produces
wheat and raises cattle for market as upon the
farmer who produces butter and cheese, or
apple-butter, my friend says, the product of
his orchard.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has declared, and I think very properly,
at this time it is not policy to tax the products
of the farmer; and these are the products of
the farmer, although there is some mechanical
manipulation entering into the production of
butter and cheese.' Where curd or milk is gath-
ered from a multitude of farmers it is made-by
a process of machinery. And, sir, I think the
wholesome rule for us to adopt is to carry out
the principle sought to be ingrafted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to prohibit a manu-
facturer's tax upon the production of butter and
cheese, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Chairman, if there
is any class of people or any branch of indus-
try that can bear taxation it is that which is
affcctcd by this proposition. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means suggests
that this interest needs encouragement; If he
lived in the city where he paid from sixty to
seventy cents a ]jound for butter and from
twenty to twenty-hve cents a pound for cheese
I think he would be quite satisfied they were
getting all the encouragement they needed. I
undertake to state another fact, m regard' to
which I have no doubt the gentleman from
Vermont will agree with me, that there is no
branch of the agricultural interest of our coun-
try that has prospered so much and increased
so greatly within the last two or three years as
this very branch.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman desire
to have the products of the farms increased so
that they will bo compelled to pay higher prices?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire to have them
pay a little of the tax that the consumers who
Lave to buy their butter have already saddled
upon themselves. I am in favor of having these
farmers, who are now exempt from taxation
more than any class of men, do something—
and this is a very small amount—for the pur-
pose of relieving the burdens that the great
consuming interest of the country has already
upon its shoulders.
This business has attained such a magnitude
in my own part of the State of New York that
to-day the interest is a separate and distinct
one from the farmers, as much as that of the
conversion of wheat into flour. These manu-
facturing establishments are springing up and
doing tlxe whole of this bnsiness, and I see no
reason why we should undertake to encourage
these men or this branch of bnsiness; which is
already encouraged by the enormous profits
winch it is raaking, while we require the shoe-
maker, the butcher, and men or almost every
other calling who consume these products to
pay a license. I hope this proposition will be
stricken out, or if it is desirable that it should
be retained, I hope the amountwill be reduced
lor the benefit of the farmer, who from his own
cows makes, say $500 worth. That might do,
but as it is, it seems to me the proposition is
a most unjust one. Either strike it out or
Sterests t0 ^&Te j"s^oe
Mr. SPALDING withdrew his amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to withdraw
my amendment and offer this as a modifica-
tion : ,
Insert at the close of the proviso after the word
" cheese" the words "when the same are made from
the products of his own dairy farm, and do not ex-
coed $600 per annum."
Mr. SPALDING. It has come in already;
it is $1,000 now.
Mr. SCHENCK. This particular product?
Mr. SPALDING. Exactly; it is $1,000
now.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not $1,000 on cheese.
I do not understand the $1,000 relates exclu-
sively to cheese, but to general products. I
do not wish to be misunderstood about this
matter. I do not want my colleague who is
present [Mr. Spaldin'o] nor my colleague who
is absent [Mr. Garfield], to understand that
I am making an attack on cheesedom.
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me to explain the
present position of the law. These manufac-
turers are required to take out manufacturer's
licenses when they make more than $1,000
worth.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; makeit$l,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I prefer your amendment
simply to confine it to his own dairy.
Mr. SCHENCK. For the purpose of grati-
fying the gentleman I will leave out the part
limiting the amount, and provide that these
persons shall be exempt only where their cheese
and butter are made from the products of their
own dairy.
Mr. SPALDING. I think that will be satis-
factory.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe you now tax
bakers and sausage-makers and all others who
follow a regular branch of manufacturing in-
dustry. My object is to reach those who follow
as a branch of manufacturing industry the busi-
ness of making butter and cheese. That is a
very large branch of industry, and there is no
reason why any one who follows it as a branch
of manufacturing industry should be exempt,
as you exempt farmers for the production of
that which is in fact the growth of their own
farms, merely the form and shape of it being
changed for market.
Now, I have no idea of attacking the inter-
ests of " cheesedom;" far from it. Whether
there be any connection between butter and
cheese and political questions I will not attempt
to determine; but I know that where they
make the most cheese and butter in Ohio they
are sounder, politically, than in other parts of
'the State.
Mr. GARFIELD. The cream of the State.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, the cream and the
skim-milk together. [Laughter.] Now, I pro-
pose by this amendment I have offered to reach
only the manufacturer, the large manufacturer,
the same as we would any other manfacturer.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have but a word or two
to say on this subject. I trust the committee
will not follow the lead of my distinguished
and vigorous colleague [Mr. Schenck] on this
matter, and for this reason: it has been de-
cided by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
that a person who raises a certain amount of
farm products in the form of cheese or butter,
unless the law specifies to tl;e contrary, is a
manufacturer, and as such must take out a
special license, or, as we now term it, must
pay a special tax. Now, by the law of last
year we declared that in case his manufacture
of these articles did not exceed $1,000 a year
the farmer should be exempt from tax.
But it is found that a very large number of
farmers throughout the country manufacture
annually each a little more than $1,000
worth. If the law is left as it now is, and a
farmer should happen to manufacture $1,010
worth of butter and cheese, he would have to
pay the special tax; while the farmer who
manufactured $990 worth would pay no tax at
all. We^ have adopted as a general principle
the principle of not taxing agricultural prod-
ucts which form the necessaries of life; and I i
have no doubt Congress is ready to reverse its
legislation hitherto against those articles.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Schencjk, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. I move to
.amend by inserting after the words "five hun-
dred dollars" the following:
Provided, Thatdistillerswhomannfactureless than
one hundred barrels per annum shall pay $100.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division, there were—ayes
26, noes 57 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall, of
Kentucky, and Mr. Garfield, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 42, noes 57.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I move to amend
this paragraph by striking out the following:
In paragraph sixteen strike out "$100," and insert
in lieu thereof "$500."
I understand the object of this bill to be to
raise revenue at reduced rates of taxation:
This is not a temperance bill, and I under-
stand the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Morrill,] who reported the bill, to say that
his purpose was to reduce instead of increasing
the tax. Yet, strange to say, this provision
proposes to raise the tax on distillers from
$100 to $500.
Now, what will be the effect of that? The
amount of $100 was so large a tax that the
small distillers, who made good, honest whisky,
could not afford to pay it. If you raise it to
$500 you will confer a monopoly upon the
large distillers, destroy all the small manufac-
turers, and cut off the revenue to the extent of
the tax upon all the liquor that could be made
by the small distillers. And while the manu-
facture will all be in the hands of the large
distillers, it should be borne in mind that the
quality bears a fair inverse proportion to the
quantity manufactured.
Instead of encouraging the manufacture of
pure good whisky, made by the little distillers,
whisky which a man can drink regularly three
times a day and live to be a hundred years old,
you allow the monopolists to make a sort of
liquor that will poison and kill a man at the
distance of a hundred feet. What propriety
can there be in this? The man with small
means ought to be put upon an equal footing
with the man of large means. One man has
as good a right to make one hundred barrels
of whisky in a season as another has to make
five thousand barrels in a season. I know how
this thing operates. [Laughter.] I am in-
clined to think, Mr. Chairman, that these gen-
tlemen understand it also, or they would not
take the hint so quickly.
In my own district, sir, whisky is manufac-
tured extensively. The county in which I re-
side will, it is estimated, pay a million and a
half of dollars into the Treasury this season
upon the manufacture of whisky. But this
proposition will cut out all the smaller manu-
facturers. It will greatly reduce the quantity
manufactured in my own section of country.
It will largely diminish the revenue of the
Government; and it will condemn all you gen-
tlemen, who smile when I say that I understand
this proposition, to drink rank and poisonous
whisky instead of consuming the pure and
wholesome article.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word or two in regard to this clause of
the bill. The Committee of Ways and Means
desired very much to protect our friends in
Kentucky and others similarly situated in the
manufacture of whisky by means of their small
distilleries. But from the experience which
has been had in the administration of the law
with reference to distilled spirits, it is perfectly
apparent that, unless we adopt more stringent
provisions on this subject, it will be impossible
lor the Government to raise anything like the
amount of revenue from this source.
Notwithstanding the fact that there have been
manufactured during the last year from sixty
