490
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
that we adjourned the law-making power of the
Government without taking from him the power
to do these things, and we are as much respon-
sible as he is for what he has done. So, then,
I am not one who is trying to gratify any re-
sentment I have against the President of the
United States.
Mr. President, the Senator from Vermont
says it is not the purpose of this bill to say who
shall or who shall not be appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate; it is the
purpose of this particular bill to say how those
officers who happen to be appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall
,be treated after they are appointed, or how
they shall be disposed of. Now, if it be the
purpose of this bill merely to assert a constitu-
tional principle and not to give it any practical
effect whatever, the Senator from Vermont is
entirely right; but I do not suppose he would
really call upon the Congress of the United
States to discuss and deliberate upon a meas-
ure which was not intended to have a practical
effect. So that when he is trying to assert the
right of the Senate to be consulted in the
removal of a man who has been appointed with
its consent, I suppose he means to throw pro-
tection over some actual existing officer; and
he would not try to do that if he did not know
that there were some officers thus appointed
who were liable thus to be removed. Then
that is the practical effect that his bill is to
have. If that is a beneficent effect, its benefi-
cence will be precisely in proportion to the
number of officers who are included within its
protection; and if you adopt this amendment
the number of officers under its protection will
be greater than it is now. They say it will be
too great because it will include too many
officers. Is that so?
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ver-
mont undertook to be facetious over the
idea 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, unless I mistook him.
he really undertook to be facetious over the
idea that the Senate might be caught heseafter
in secret session deliberating upon the fitness
of a night watchman in some of the custom-
houses of the United States. That might be a
ludicrous spectacle; but then I wish to console
my friend with the reflection that it will be in
secret session and nobody will see us but our-
selves, and we can stand that. But the point
I wished to make was, that whatever officer,
be he employed in New York, Burlington,
Madison, or elsewhere, is held to be of suffi-
cient importance to the service to pass in re-
view before any tribunal here in the capital of
the nation, whether it be the President or the
head of a Department, is, in my judgment,
of sufficient importance to have the indorse-
ment of the Senate. Let your collectors select
all the unimportant officers and be responsible
for them; but when you want to dignify an offi-
cer so far as to send his name to Washington
to pass in review before the Secretary of the
• Treasury, I object to his being reviewed by him
at all. Let him come here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to ask him how can we, by the Constitution,
vest the appointment of these inferior officers
in the collectors of customs? The Constitu-
tion only gives us authority to vest the appoint-
ment of inferior officers in the President, the
heads of Departments, or the courts of law.
That is the limit of our authority. We cannot
therefore authorize a collector of customs, or
a local postmaster, or anybody else to appoint
an officer who is to execute the laws of the
United States.
Mr. HOWE. And yet, Mr. President, prac-
tically they do do that; and I heard it asserted
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson]
the other day that we could locate the appoint-
ment of these officers just where we pleased.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not think so.
Mr. HOWE. No, I cannot say that I do
think we can locate them where we please; but
if the law is defective in that respect we can
prevent that effect of it by an amendment to it.
if that be your purpose. What we are aiming
at is to bring the body of those officers who are
made political machines of now before the
Senate for their indorsement. That is the pur-
pose at which we are aiming; and I am not to
be deterred by being told that the number is
very great. If it is very great, as I believe it
is not, I say, as I said before, that the neces-
sity for the law is so much greater.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have aban-
doned nearly all the political theories of the
party into which I was .born; but there is some
lingering of that sentiment yet remaining in
my breast which was the war cry of that party
when I first became a voter, and that was, the
curtailment of executive patronage and power.
I am in favor of this proposition in accordance
with that sentiment which I have always enter-
tained, and entertain as strongly to-day as at
any past period of my life; but not because of
any feeling that I may have against, or any
hostility toward, the President of the United
States. Personally he has treated me well
enough, and I have no complaint to make
about it. But here is an opportunity for me
to record my vote upon a question which has a
tendency in that particular direction, and I
propose to record it in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. He proposes that every officer of
the United States who receives a salary from
the Government exceeding the sum of $1,000
shall be sent to the Senate for confirmation.
We now have that law applying to the different
postmasters throughout the United States.
Why should it not apply to other officers?
The answer made to us is that they are too
numerous, that we cannot attend to it, and
that as the country expands and the popula-
tion increases the necessity of investing this
power exclusively in the President of the
United 'States will be increased. That argu-
ment, as has been well said by the Senator
from Wisconsin, instead of being in favor of
the abandonment of this power on the part of
the Senate to pass upon these confirmations,
is, in my.conviction, a reason why we should
insist upon exercising it. I do not care if the
nominations sent to us will fill a volume as
large as a family Bible; I do not care if you
do not pass upon the nominations critically or
individually at all; the very fact that you have
the right to do it will exercise a restraining
influence on the appointing power.
It is said that this will bring before us for
confirmation appraisers and deputy collectors.
Why should they not be brought before us ?
Why, sir, the office of appraiser in some of
your cities is of vastly more importance than
three fourths of the officers we are called upon
to pass on. It is important that those apprais-
ers should be men of integrity and character
and worth; and who should know that better
than the Representatives and Senators from
the particular locality whence they are ap-
pointed?
It is said, too, that we shall have the assist-
ant assessors and the deputy collectors and the
inspectors sent here in this way. Very well;
I want them sent here in this way. Do you
suppose that if the power of confirmation or
rejection had been lodged in the Senate in
regard to these inspectors a man would have
been appointed from my State as an inspector
who only last year was guilty of smuggling
cigars, and who condoned his offense by the
payment of several thousand dollars? I want
the opportunity to put my seal of condem-
nation upon such men as that; and if there
be only one man rejected in a whole State or
in the whole United States for having violated
your laws, that will have a moral influence and
a political influence upon the President and
upon others who make appointments.
I know that if this measure passes it will
throw great burdens upon your committees.
That is no reason why we should not pass the
law. Make new committees; organize your
committees in a different manner; send some
of these nominations that are now all thrust
upon a single committee to other committees.
and thus you will be able to transact the busi-
ness.
But the great point with me, and the great
advantage in establishing this rule and passing
this law is the effect that it will have upon the
appointing power in the future and upon the
appointees, when they know that they have got
to pass the ordeal of the Senate. As I said
before, confirm them in gross if you please;
but leave to every Senator who knows anything
about bad men being appointed an opportunity
to select from that list those whom he knows
to be unworthy of filling the places to which
they have been appointed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask a
question of the honorable-Senator from Iowa
and also of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. Why do they confine this provision to
those officers who receive more than one thou-
sand dollars? Why not extend it to every one
who receives as much as $100?
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator desire an
answer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not draw the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; but if I had the power to do it I
would not limit it to those receiving $1,000.
I insist that the appointing power is lodged in
the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, of every officer, and that we aban-
don our duty when we confer it entirely upon
him.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ The Senator is mis-
taken in supposing that the Constitution says
any such thing. The Constitution takes it for
granted that, this power will not all be lodged
in the President. The Constitution says that
the President shall appoint all officers except
those the appointment of whom may be vested
in the heads of Departments or the courts of
law; and I would ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts why he does not include
the appointees of the Supreme Court; why he
confines it to the Departments? I should like
an answer if he chooses to give one.
Mr. SUMNER. I did take that case into
consideration, and I was governed by the
thought that the appointments by the courts,
whether the Supreme Court or the circuit
courts, were a class by themselves, and I
thought that that might be treated of in a
separate bill if there should be occasion for
it. I was not sure that there was occasion for
it, because I was early taught that a court
ought to have the appointment of its own
officers; and there seemed to be some reasons
peculiar to a court why they should have that
power. I have not yet abandoned that ori-
ginal teaching with regard to courts, and there-
fore on this occasion I did not propose to in-
terfere with that; and yet I can see that there
may be strong arguments why this provision
should extend even to the clerks of courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President,
it seems it comes to the same thing. The fram-
ers of the Constitution were so unwise and so
feeble that they forgot to provide that the Pres-
ident should appoint every officer, and the Sen-
ator from Iowa, by way of curtailing his power,
gravely argues that the way to do it is to make
him appoint every officer. That is the way to
curtail his power. And that is the argument
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
The President has not the appointment now
of the ten thousand minor officers in the coun-
try ; give it to him in order to curtail the power
that he exercises; frighten him with it.
Mr. GRIMES. He has it indirectly through
others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that he
has. If he has it indirectly, he has not got it
directly. It is to be put directly in his hands
now by this amendment; the President is the
man to make these appointments. I wish, says
the honorable Senator, to curtail his power;
give him, therefore, in order to curtail it, the
appointment of from ten to twenty thousand
more, and then cut it off. That is a queer way
. of curtailment. If he has it now indirectly
'! through others, if he chooses to exercise it, or
