1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I suppose there
are no people of their numbers on the earth
■who are in so deplorable a condition as the free
negroes of the South now. I am going to make
a suggestion that is true: it may startle and
shock the Senate; but it is true. The best
thing possible for human wisdom, in my hum-
ble opinion, to do at this time for the benefit
of the free negroes, and of the country too,
would be to put them back into the very con-
dition in which they were six years ago. Of
course that will never be done, and will never
be attempted; and I should be opposed to it
myself if it could be done. If I could do it
myself I would not do it. But still I am
satisfied it is the very best" possible thing that
could be done, both for the negro and the white
man.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kentucky wjjy he would
not do what he thinks best to be done for both
white and black?
Mr. DAVIS. I will tell you why. Because
the Senator from Kansas could never be con-
vinced on earth that that was the best thiug
that could be done, and I do not suppose there
are many other people who could be.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator then
shape his actions to suit what he regards as
the prejudices of ouJfer people?
Mr. DAVIS. I am going to give my reason
in these words: the country would not accept
it; the world would not accept it; it would
convulse all civilized society ; and of course it
ought to be rejected. But, Mr. President, I
was going to remark that the next best thing
that can be done for the negro is to give him
employment, to give him a motive to work, to
work regularly, diligently, systematically; and
whenever the negro can be obtained to work
in that manner he will not only support him-
self, but will support himself comfortably, and
he will ameliorate his condition. One thing
is perfectly certain: that so far as cotton is to
be made in the United States at all it is to be
made by negro labor. You cannot get white
labor to go voluntarily into the production of
cotton to any considerable extent. It may be
regarded, then, as a truth that the only labor
that can be profitably applied to the produc-
tion of that article is negro labor.
The present tax upon cotton and the depressed
condition of the owners of the cotton lands
make it utterly impossible for those owners by
all their best, most persevering, and econom-
ical efforts to produce cotton and to be re-
munerated by the profits which they make out
of the article. If the owner of the cotton
land cannot be remunerated by the growth of
cotton he will be discouraged from attempting
it; he will gradually discontinue his effort to
grow it; and consequently the negro must re-
main unemployed; and being unemployed he
is a pauper, a vagabond, a criminal, and a
charge upon the public Treasury.
I agree with the honorable Senator from
Missouri most emphatically that it would be a
wiser policy now to give a premium to the cot-
ton-grower upon the article rather than to im-
pose upon him the burden of a tax. It would
redound largely to the advantage of the coun-
try generally, and particularly and especially
it would redound to the benefit of the negro
laborer. It would induce the owners of the
cotton lands generally to attempt their cultiva-
tion, and of course it would employ the negro,
who is the only laborer to cultivate them.
This tax is not only impolitic, but it is urv-
just; and as the honorable Senator demon-
strated, I think conclusively, when the tax was
imposed, we are not authorized by the Consti-
tution to impose such a tax upon the growth
of the soil in this country; but that question
was decided. It seems to me to be one of the
plainest propositions in the world that any sys-
tem of policy that would bring back the pro-
duction of cotton to anything like what it was
in 1860, when there were five million bags 
Mr. HENDERSON and Mr. JOHNSON.
Bales.
Mr. DAVIS. No; the planters call them
bags. It is the same thing; a bag contains
four hundred or four hundred and fifty pounds;
but I will adopt the language of Senators.
There were five million bales produced. I
remember when cotton was sold for six cents
a pound, and when a planter if he could get
eight or ten cents was entirely satisfied, and
thought he was getting a price for it not only
remunerative, but one that would enrich him.
Of course to reduce it to the lowest prices you
must come back to a specie circulation; and in
addition to that, you must have a production
of cotton equal to what it was some ten or fif-
teen years ago. The larger the production of
cotton the better for the country generally, for
the negro particularly, and for every moneyed
interest of the whole country ; because the large
production of cotton employs and stimulates
industry in more forms than the production of
any single article whatever that grows in the
country or is made in the country.
I think, sir, that the tax upon cotton ought
to be removed; that an appropriation for the
purpose of reconstructing the levees, and re-
claiming from the floods some of the finest cot-
ton lands of America, ought to have been made
at the last session. It would have brought back
to the growth of cotton a very large quantity
of land that has not been flooded in that way
at all during the past year; and at this time
every encouragement that can be given by the
legislation of Congress to the production ought
to be given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY, (when his name was called.)
I beg to state that I voted before under a mis-
apprehension. After the statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance I think two
cents a pound is a fair duty on cotton. I vote
"nay." I will vote to reduce the tax to two
cents, but not lower.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 18;
as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc, Fogg, Fow-
ler, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane, Nesmith,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Sprague, Stewart,
Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,Wilson, and Yates—21.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell,Edmunds, Fessenden, Freling-
huysen, Harris, Howard, Kirkwoort, Morgan, Nyo,
Poland. Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Cowan, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Guthrie, Howe, McDougall, Morrill,
Norton, Ramsey, Sanlsbury, and Sherman—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended;
and on that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it be read as it
now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, as
amended, as follows :
Provided, That on and after the 1st day of Sep- j
tember, 1867, a tax of one cent per pound only shall '
be levied, collected, and paid on any cotton produced
within the United States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas24, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc,
Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
son, Nesmith, Patterson, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross,
Saulsbury. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Win-
kle, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cr&gin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuyaen, Grimes, Harris, Howard, Kirkwood,
Morgan. Nye, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Guthrie,
Howe, Lane, McDongalL Morrill, Norton, Poland,
and Ramsey—10.
So the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the bill on
page 19, line one hundred and twenty-nine of
section eleven, by inserting at the beginning
of the line the words "sewing-machines," so
as to put them on the free list.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 9, noes 17 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Chair will put the
question again, and we have another division,
it will show the presence of a quorum. There
were some Senators who did not vote.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask for the yeas'and
nays on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I hope this amendment will
prevail. The article sought to be exempted
here is an article perhaps in as common use
, as any manufactured article in our country,
and it is in use by that class of people who are
ill prepared to pay an additional price for the
purpose of raising a revenue for the country.
It is mostly used by poor and industrious fe-
i males, a class quite numerous in our large towns.
It is found, sir, in the garret. It is found in
the abode of the lowly. Its tick is heard by
the dim lamp of midnight and by the early
' light of the morning. It is an article which
1 in its use perhaps furnishes as much revenue
to the country as any article used. Almost
every article that is manufactured by these sew-
ing-machines pays a duty to the Government,
from the shirt to the shoe. The sum derived
upon the machine itself is very diminutive
compared with the revenues derived from the
articles manufactured from it.
An impression prevails that the manufac-
turers of sewing-machines make large and
heavy profits. I think upon investigation it
will be found that the opposite is true. It is
not the manufacturers that have amassed for-
j tunes, but the inventors. Perhaps no amount
i of capital invested in one occupation to the
same extent has been so unproductive to those
who invested it as the capital invested in the
i manufacture of sewing-machines. They have
been kept down during the entire war at the
priees established before the gold prices; and
if this amendment does not prevail the result
must be that there must be an advance in the
price of the article itself. In view of the per-
sons who mostly use these machines, it seems
to me it is taxing really the hard earnings of
a class of people who are ill able to pay. The
mere tax upon the machine is a trifle; but the
revenue derived from the articles manufactured
by it amounts in the aggregate to millions. I
hope that the Senate will vote for this amend-
ment. I shall do it most cordially, as an act
of justice to that large and unfortunate class
who are so much compelled to use them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Sena-
tor's argument is that we get a large revenue
from the clothing, boots and shoes, &c., man-
ufactured by the sewing-machines. I suppose
a sufficient answer to that is that clothing and
boots and shoes are put in the free list by this
bill, and therefore we shall get nothing from
them if we adhere to the proposition to put
them in the free list. Now, sir, I am informed
that the stock of the Wheeler & Wilson Com-
pany, who are among the great manufactur-
ers of sewing-machines, sells for about eight
hundred per cent, at this time. I have not
heard any petitions from these poor people the
Senator speaks of. The agent who has been
here is the agent of the manufacturers, who
has been insisting upon what they should have
to do. I can only say that this proposition was
carefully considered in the Committee of Ways
and Means and rejected, moved in the House
and rejected, considered in the Finance Com-
mittee and rejected, in view of all the facts
laid before us; and if it is now to be put in by
the Senate on the ground of which we hear so
much, that poor people use them, it will be a
singular proceeding. Poor people use every-
thing that is taxed as well as this article; and
when Senators are taking the taxes off cotton
and everything else and reducing the revenue,
I should like to have them devise and suggest
other places where we can get the revenue we
want. It is very easy to move to insert arti-
cles in the free list; but it is another thing to
