1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
It is in relation, to. the tax on retail dealers
and coffee-bouse keepers.
The committee divided, and there were; ayes
19; nogs 50—no quorum voting.
The Chairman ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Ward, of Kentucky, and Mr. Allison.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 19, noes 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DARLING. I move on page 8y line
forty-five, after the word ^less/' to inserts
In paragraph eighteen,secti<m seventy-nine, strike
put 'twenty-five dollars," wherever it occurs* and
insert "five hundred.dollars."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts* I move to
insert after the word " cheese'' the words '1 from
skippers of fishing vessels," commonly called
'' market fishermen. •''
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety-four be amended ns follows:
Strike out in theparagraph.rel&tinff to gas the words
and until the 30th day of April, 1867."
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the committee what reason
can be assigned for extending relief to the gas
company at the expense of the consumers?
Last year, when the tax bill was passed, it was
claimed that the expense of making gas was
very great. There were some companies in New
York that had placed themselves under a con-
tract to furnish gas for a certain period of time,
and it was thought no more than just by a ma-
jority of this House that they should be relieved.
The relief, however, was obtained at the ex-
pense of the consumer. Now, the manufacture
of gas can be carried on for considerable less
than it could be a year ago. It was thought
necessary last year to relieve certain companies
from their contracts, under which they claimed
they were suffering. Now it seems to me if we
are to look to the interest of the consumers
rather than the interest of gas companies we
had better visit some portion of the burden of
this tax bill upon the owners of stock in these
corporations that are paying from fifteen to
forty per cent, dividends every year. I think
we had better bestow our attention to the relief
of the people rather than the relief of wealthy
corporations. I hope, unless some good reason
can be given, that the committee will strike out
this provision and make these companies pay
their own tax instead of putting it all on the
consumer.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman that the reasons which induced the
committee to introduce this amendment were
the same that induced them to report the same
proposition last year, when the House chose
to insert this limitation. I will state briefly
what the facts were.
In a very large number of cities and villages
of the United States the gas companies had
been organized on certain conditions ; for in-
stance, that they should furnish the gas at cer-
tain fixed rates. They were Organized under
a contract. Now, there have been fluctuations
in the price of gold, and in many instances it
has cost a great deal more to make their gas
than it did before the war when their contracts
were made. It was found that while they were
bound by their contract or by the act of incor-
poration to furnish gas at the same rate they
furnished it before the war, the rise in the price
of gold had made it very difficult for them
barely to live. Now, the Government, of the
United States comes in and adds the Federal
tax over and above all their other taxes and
burdens, and in many instances, especially in
the case of small companies in villages, it act-
ually mad^ the tax upon them so heavy that
with their other expenses they were actually
losing money every month.
Now, as we by law had changed the condi-
tion of their contract for furnishing gas, it was
deemed no more than just that we should also
by law authorize them to tax the addition upon
their consumers. _ The committee is perfectly
well aware that in some of the large cities
where the manufacture of gas is very profitable,,
perhaps- this works injustice to the consumer
and gives more profit to the gas companies
than they ought to get. But if we do not allow
this to be done in the law as we have here pro-
posed, it is a very heavy burden upon a very
large number of smaller companies, especially
m the villages.
Mr. HUMPHREY. AY ill the gentleman
inform tfs what State imposes any prohibition
upon the price of gas furnished by gas com-
panies?
Mr. GARFIELD. My own State, and I
understand also the State of New York. It
was stated before the committee that in many
States they were chartered by special act, and
their charter limited the price at which they
should furnish the gas.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Allow me to state that
in New York there is no law limiting it. There
is one company in the city that has a prohibition
upon it, which was. made because it asked for
another franchise. The State gave it another
franchise, but imposed upon it the condition
that they should sell the gas at a certain price.
Now, there is not a single company in the
State of New York that is thus limited except
this one. The other companies are prohibited
simply because this one is compelled to sell its
gas at a certain price. And to-day the stock
of this company is worth in the market more
than two hundred per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that I have
just expressed tho reasons which induced the
Committee of Ways and Means to take the
action they have. We have brought the sub-
ject before this House, and do not make the
slightest point upon it, except to state the fact.
We simply feel that when we have placed a
wrong burden upon a company we ought to
take off that wrong as far as we are able.
Mr. SCHENCK. I movoto amend by strik-
ing out the words "strike out." I do this for
the purpose of saying that this strikes me as an
old acquaintance. Last year a bill was reported
here making a most odious and atrocious dis-
tinction in favor of gas and railway companies
against all others, by permitting them to charge
their tax over against their consumers and
patrons ; thus making it a tax upon the people
'and not a tax at all upon the companies and
their business. _ We defeated that distinction
at the last session. Here it is now revived
again, and I hope it will be again defeated by
this Congress.
Whatis the pretense for thisproposed action ?
Why, that' these gas companies are limited by
law in the amount of their charges. Is not the
rate of interest on money loaned limited ? The
Legislature permits a man to charge six or
seven per cent, upon promissory notes or upon
money loaned. And yet you charge him a tax
upon his income arising from that source ; and
that tax comes out of the man who receives
the interest. Now, if when you charge him a
tax upon his income from interest you allow
him to add so much more to the interest, he
would not care how much you charged him.
The idea should be to charge these gas com-
panies and their business, and not charge the
people. But the provision as here reported
has been so contrived as to make the people
pay the tax. I do not know that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have introduced
the same relief for railroad companies as they
did last year. But I repeat that this is an
atrocious, odious, and infamous distinction
attempted to be made, by which certain compa-
nies shall escape the tax entirely and make the
people pay the tax for them. I hope that ne
such legislation will be permitted by this House
this year.
Mr. DAVIS. I have heard the agrarian
sentiments uttered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] too often upon this floor
to be alarmed by their expression at this time.
I say that we are hero, as the Congress of the
United States, to do justice to capital invested
for the benefit and for the interest of the people
and of the communities of this country. And
I wish to remind the gentleman from Ohio,
and every other gentleman in this House, that
corpora^ capital is invested in gas companies
and in railroad companies to accomplish great
public purposes which cannot be accomplished
by individual, capital. Now, I ask gentlemen
to tell me of a single instance in which private
enterprise is engaged in production, manufac-
ture, or anything else, where it may not impose
upon the purchaser of the articles* of its pro-
duction, which it sells in the market, any tax
whieh is imposed upon it by the Government.
Now, I undertake to say, although I have
not one dollar' of interest in the world in the
gas companies of this country, that there is no
gas company whose price is limited by its
charter or by contracts made with cities pr
other corporations to $2 50 per thousand feet,
which is the case with many gas Companies,
than can livo up to its contract. I will take,
for instance, the Manhattan Gas Company of
New York city: that company has a capital
of $4,000,000, and has been going on under a
contract with the corporation of the city of
New York and the limitations in its charter
supplying its consumers for the last two years.
And the operations of that company, for the
last year, the year 1866, show that without
receiving one single cent upon the capital
invested, which is $4,000,000, it has made a
profit of sixty-six cents on its business over
its expenses.
Mr. HUMPHREY. What is the stock of
the company worth?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not care what it is
worth.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Is it not worth two
hundred and twenty per cent, on the dollar ?
Mr. DAVIS. I venture to say it is-aot worth
any such sura.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Is it not so quoted by,
the brokers?
Mr. DAVIS. I am not here as a stock-
jobber at all; that is a business in which the
gentleman from Buffalo [Mr. Humphrey] is
more interested than I am. I undertake to
say that there is not a single stock company in
the State of New York whose stock is worth
any such sum.
Now, sir, there is a gas company in the city
of Pittsburg whoso report I have before me;
and by this report i t appears that this company
supplies the city with gas by contract at $1 60
per thousand feefc. For sixteen million feet
of gas furnished by the company to the city
the company receive $2,825, while the tax on
that quantity is $4,000. The result is, that
the company pays about thirteen hundred dol-
lars for the privilege of furnishing the eity with
gas for nothing.
A Member. Why do they not apply to the
Legislature?
Mr. DAVIS. The company has applied to
the Legislature; and the same narrow, mean,
petty opinions which are expressed by the
gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] operate
upon the Legislature to prevent the company
from getting any relief.
Now, sir, I wish to meet this question as an
American legislator, looking to the interests of
the whole people and to every interest of capi-
tal, whether invested by private individuals or
by public corporations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word
of the paragraph. I desire to call the attention
of tho Committee of Ways and Means to a
proposition which I desire to submit whenever
a suitable opportunity may offer. The law as
it now stands allows gas companies to charge
over tho tax to their consumers. On the 1st
of April next this privilege will expire; and
the proposition is now made to strike out from
the existing law the wosds providing for the
limitation, so that this privilege shall be per-
mitted to continue.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not prepared to
adopt the conclusion that it would be wise to
allow that privilege to all the gas companies in
