izm
TEE CON(xllESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the country indefinitely. I would, therefore,
prefer an amendment which I shall offe j should
the proposition to strike out be voted down,
providing that this privilege shall be allowed
to those companies only whose consumption
does not exceed one hundred and fifty thousand
feet per month. Those who know anything
about this matter know that where companies
manufacture gas largely the business is exceed-
ingly profitable, ana the stock of such compa-
nies is valuable. But gas has become such a
necessary convenience that it is manufactured
in many of the smaller towns of the country;
and the companies manufacturing, it in those
towns can with difficulty sustain themselves.
I hope, therefore, that the House will con-
sider this question, looking to the interest of
the consumer and to the interestof these small
companies, and will reject the amendment pro-
posing to strike out the clause of the bill, and
will afterward adopt the amendment which I
have already indicated and which I shall offer.
If this amendment be adopted our small inte-
rior towns of three or four thousand inhabit-
ants can enjoy the benefits of gas at a moder-
ate price. Unless some such modification be
adopted we shall break up or very seriously
embarrass these small companies.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] to
add to his amendment, when offered, the fol-
lowing words, " and those companies that are
limited by their charter as to the price of gas."
Mr. DELANO. I accept the gentleman's
suggestion. _ -
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Moobhead] that in regard
to a company that is not limited in its charter
as to the price of gas, neither the Legislature
nor this Congress has a right to interfere.
Hence the amendment suggested would amount
to nothing. It is only where there is a limit-
ation that Congress can interpose for relief.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to suggest to
the gentleman from New York the proposition,
as modified, will leave the question with this
proviso stricken out.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to strike out
the word "gas." I feel under obligations to
my distinguished friend from New York, [Mr.
Humphrey.] I intended to make the motion
myself. I made a fight on this question last
winter. You will recollect distinctly, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] will
recollect, that the only way exception was
made in this bill of gas and railroad companies
was on the theory they wanted to get the State
Legislatures to act in their behalf at home. On
that theory and that theory alone was it we
allowed them to be an exception. It was on
that theory we made the limit the 1st day of
April, 1807. We supposed that would be
sufficient.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire, in answer to the
gentleman, to say it was distinctly stated dur-
ing the last session it was useless to go to the
Legislatures of many of the States for relief,
because there was the same local prejudice
against corporations there as here.
Mr. EGGLESTON. If my distinguished
friend has corporations in his own State which
are so odious to his own people who know all
the facts that they will not bear them there, I
should like to know how he can make an argu-
ment for us to bear them here. The Manhat-
tan Company to which my distinguished friend
alluded, I understand did go to the Legislature
and have a bill passed for its relief, but the
Governor of that State vetoed it.
Mr. DAVIS. The one-man power against
the jpeople.
Jir. EGGLESTON, I ask whether we are
going to set aside Governor Fenton's knowl-
edge ? I ask whether our party is going to put
itself again upon the record as legislating in
favor of corporations and against the people?
I hope not.
My distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schestck] has well illustrated this subject. He
has told you this is a tax upon the consumer
and not a manufacturer's tax; and there is no
article taxed in this way but this one. Take a
man who manufactures pig iron, and suppose
he has a contract to keep a foundry running
for five years, with one hundred tons a day at
a certain stipulated price, have you not the same
right to say that man shall put the manufac-
turer's tax upon that article because he has a
contract?
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say we have fre-
quently done so. We have interposed between
the contractor and the purchaser.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I do not wish to con-
sume the time of the House. I know about
this subject of gas companies, and if I con-
sulted my own interest I would go for this
measure. It is to my pecuniary interest to
vote for this, but I cannot vote for it because
I know it is wrong. I know the principle is
wrong, and that we ought not to do this thing.
No man should allow his interest, be it much
or little, to carry him away in a matter of this
importance. I do not think we ought to do
wrong in favor of the corporation and against
the individual. I do not think we ought to
let the corporation stand aside when the indi-
vidual manufacturer is compelled to pay the
tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PLANTS. I do not propose, Mr. Chair-
man, to make a speech, but I have a compro-
mise that I think will satisfy every person.
Add at the end of line fifty-six: "And that
every person liable to be charged with any tax
whatever shall be permitted to make his next
neighbor pay it." [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask two
questions. Have we the power to alter the
charter of a State corporation and to declare
it may do what the law of its life prohibits it
from doing? That is the first question, and it
is a very important one. The next question is
this : whether it be constitutionally competent
or morally possible for the Congress of the
United States to make a contract for any man ?
Now, if I know anything about this subject,
and I think I do, a contract made by this Con-
gress is not the contract of the parties, and
therefore within the legal intendment is no
contract at all. What is it? If I recollect
the legal definition, a contract is an agreement
between two or more persons upon sufficient
consideration to do or not to do a particular
thing. Now the Constitution aside, I would
like to know whether the bargain with a com-
pany which we make is the contract of the par-
ties. In other words, is it competent or pos-
sible for us to do this thing? Why, what may
the parties say? Non in hcec foedera veni.
"I did not make the contract." How is it
that you undertake to interfere in a hard case
by a sort of equitable power ? * These are seri-
ous questions, and if there is any gentleman
on this floor who can answer them I would
like to hear the answer.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted ; and the amendment is
withdrawn.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it simply for the
purpose of making an inquiry of the gentle-
men on the committee who had charge of this
matter at the last session. I would like to
know what was the reason why this was limited
in the law to the 30th of April, 1867.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In an-
swer to the inquiry, I will say that the agents
of these companies came before the commit-
tee and complained that at the late period at
which we had this subject under consideration
they had not an opportunity to apply to their
State Legislatures for this relief—that they
were controlled by their State Legislatures,
and not being aware that this question was to
be decided in Congress they asked that the
time might be put off for the enforcement of
this tax until the period named in the law, in
order to give them an opportunity to make
the application to the Legislatures for the re-
lief which they asked of Congress. I think I
have answered the inquiry.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman, and that is: what
reason do they give for asking the enactment
of the provision of this bill suspending or
repealing that limitation to the 30th of April,
1867'
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
I stated the reason—that it was too late to get
an amendment of their charter from the State
Legislature. The action of Congress they said
was taken after, their Legislatures had ad-
journed, leaving them no opportunity to apply
to those Legislatures for relief.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Have not all these
Legislatures been in session this winter?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. DAWES. I renewed it, and these gentle-
men have been speaking in my time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise for the purpose
of endeavoring to set this matter straight be-
fore the committee, and I want to reply to my
colleague, who represents pretty much the same
constituency that I do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On the constitutional
question? [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman has
made a constitutional argument. It will be
recollected by some that I had an argument
with him on the law of post limine some time
ago, and I do not know but he got a little ad-
vantage of me on that debate. [Laughter.]
I do not propose now to go into the discussjon
of the constitutional question, but I would like
to ask him and the committee whether when
Congress puts this tax on a corporation in
Pennsylvania it has not a right to relieve
them. Why should they look to the State?
The State Legislature does not put it on them.
I desire to have read some extracts from the
charter of the Pittsburg Gas Company, showing
that they are bound to furnish a large amount
of gas for the public lamps free of charge, and
are limited to $1 60 per thousand feet for gas
furnished to other consumers. Now Congress
has imposed upon them a tax of twenty-five
cents a thousand feet. Deduct that from $160
and you have left $1 35, at which price, as
everybody knows, they are not able to manu-
facture and furnish gas. No company can
produce at that price and make any profit. I
hope, therefore, that this limitation to the 30th
of April, 1867, will be stricken out, or if that
is not done that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio will be adopted. I now ask
that the,Clerk may read the extracts from the
charter which I send up to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mook-
head] a question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to have this
paper read before I answer any question. I
would call the attention of my colleague [Mr.
Williams] to the fact, that it is all plain,
straight English; there is no Latin in it.
[Laughter.] My_ colleague got off some Latin,
as I understood it; but I was not near enough
to be able to hear it very distinctly, and could
not tell exactly what it was.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Extracts from charter of Pittsburg Gas Company.—
They shall also have the power to regulate the price
of gas furnished to private consumers, but such price
shall not exceed SI 60 for each one thousand cubio
feetof gas, and they shall make and prescribe proper
rules and regulations for the supply thereof."
**** * * * * * *
" That the said company shall also furnish all the gas
required for consumption in the public street lamps,
market houses, council chambers, and public offices
of the city at the following rates; that is to say, any
quantity not exceeding twelve and one half millions
cubic feet of gas annually free of charge, and any
excess over that quantity that may be required an-
nually, at a rate not exceeding seventy-five cents ior
each one thousand cubic feet of gas in such excess,
the price of such excess so furnished, together with
the cost of constructing, erecting, and Keeping iu
order the public lamps and burners in the streets,
shall be paid to the company quarterly by the city
corporation."
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will hear the ques-
tion.
