494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
and his fortunes to the new party; and a man
was appointed in his place who had been pre-
viously in a subordinate position in the Post
Office Department and turned out. This is a
prominent case. I merely speak of these cases
to show that these removals have been made
for political reasons. In the case I have men-
tioned the nomination has not been and need
not be sent to us at all, although the office is
one of the most important in the Post Office
Department. •
If the Senator from Massachusetts will con-
fine his amendment to offices of sufficient im~
fo,rtance to excite the attention of the Senate
shall vote for it with great pleasure. As it
now .stands, it extends to all the assistant assess-
ors, about whom we can have no information;
it extends to all the custom-heuse officers in the
city of New York; it extends to the weighers
there. There is not one of them whose com-
pensation is not $1,000. It extends to the
inspectors of distilleries. At the last session
their compensation was increased to four dol-
lars a day. 80 that every inspector of customs
will have to be sent to us under the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. The pay
of the weighers and gaugers was raised, I think,
to $2,000 a year, and they will have to be sent
here for confirmation. A multitude of small
officers, who are the mere agents of their prin-
cipals, who have no power except simply as
deputies to a principal who is sent to us,'would
be required by his amendment to be sent to
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Are those persons ap-
pointed by the head of a Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I think not according to
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, according to law.
Th$ Senator was probably not aware of the
fact. When the revenue law was first passed
all these subordinates were left to be appointed
by the assessor or collector of'the district; but
it was thought that it would be better to have
the whole of them sent to the head of a Depart-
ment. Under the Constitution we could not
invest the head of a bureau with the power to
appoint assistantcollectors and assistant assess-
ors. It would have been a better practice to
leave all these minor appointments to the head
of the Internal Revenue Bureau ; but as by the
Constitution the appointing power must be
invested in the President of the United States,
or in the heads of Departments, or in the courts
of law, it was found necessary either to leave
these subordinate officers to be named by "the
collector and assessor without any reference to
the Departments here at Washington, or to in-
vest their appointment in the Secretary of the
Treasury, who was the head of the Depart-
ment. So the law of 1864, under which all
these appointments were made, expressly re-
quires them to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury. By the common habit, the
assessor designates his own assistant assessors,
and they are sent to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to be approved by him, and usually it is a
mere matter of form.
I see no object in having our files cumbered
with the names of all these small, subordinate
officers who hold their office at the pleasure,
substantially, of an officer who is submitted to
us. If the amendment were confined to offi-
cers of sufficient importance to be aimed at
as holding political positions, or whose offices
are sought for political purposes, then I think
it ought to be adopted. There are a number
of post office agents who ought to be sent
here for confirmation ; there are a large num-
ber of revenue agents who ought to be sent
here; and quite a number in other Depart-
ments who are not now sent here ought to be;
but that can be accomplished very easily by a
change of the law regulating their appoint-
ment. If the Senator desires the post office
agents to be sent here, he can very readily
move an amendment covering them on the
post office appropriation bill or any proper
•bill that is pending in the Senate; but it seems
to it -would be a public inconvenience and
a matter of no practical utility to require the
multitude of minor officers* I have named to
be sent to the Senate. By overwhelming our
table with a multitude of appointments it would
probably only make us disregard those more
important ones that ought to demand our
attention.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the President's power to remove is not
perhaps involved in the particular amendment.
I rise, therefore, not for the purpose of dis-
cussing that question nor to say anything upon
the propriety of the particular amendment, but
merely to make good what I stated to lie a
fact, as I thought very accurately within my
recollection that the opinion which Mr. Ham-
ilton expressed in a number of the Federalist,
to which the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] referred the other day, that the power
to remove could only be exerted in conjunction
with the Senate, was afterward changed by
him. At the moment I did not recollect where
I had seen it; but that I had seen it I was
perfectly satisfied. I find, as evidence of that,
a letter from Mr. Madison, dated the 10th of
January, 1832, to Mr. W. C. Rives, in the
concluding portion of which he says:
" The authority of Colonel-Hamilton, I observe, is
cited against the power in question."
He is speaking of the power of removal. ,
"If his language in the Federalist was so intended,
which is not probable, he must have changed his
opinion at a very early day, as is Proved by his offi-
cial reports, which go into the opposite extreme.
Such a change, if real, would not, indeed, be with-
out his own example. In the Federalist he had so
explained the removal from office as to deny the
power to the President. In an edition of the work
at New York there was a marginal note to the pas-
sage that 'Mr. H. had changed his view of the Con-
stitution on that point.' "
That is the authority to which I referred as
proving that the alleged opinion which he
entertained on the subject was subsequently
sit tcr^d
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not prepared to
vote for the amendment offered by the Sena-"
tor from Massachusetts at the present mo-
ment, and would not like to vote for it with-
out having it thoroughly considered ; but
while this subject is under consideration, I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to a resolution of inquiry which I had the
honor to present in the early part of the ses-
sion in reference to removals that had been
made in the Norfolk navy-yard. I need only,
read it in order to condemn H, and in order to
insure its condemnation by every Senator.
I do not know to what extent these removals
have been made by the Secretaries, because I
have not inquired into the subject. I presume
that the figures presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who seems to
have devoted considerable attention to the
subject, are perhaps correct.
I do not know to what extent the President
himself has exercised this power of removal;
but notwithstanding a contrary practice has
existed from the foundation of the Government
to the present time, I have my opinion clear
upon the subject that the President has no
power in the vacation of the Senate to remove
an officer and to substitute another in his stead.
Others, however, believe that he has the power.
If it be true that he possesses that power, then
of course the Senate may not have any control
over appointments at all. If the President carl
remove an officer after we adjourn, and the
officer appointed by him under the Constitution
may, as he no doubt can. retain his commission
until the last day of the next session of the Sen-
ate, immediately when we adjourn then the
President can reappoint that party or some-
body else, and that commission will last until
the last day of the next session, and immedi-
ately thereupon the President may make an-
other appointment, and so on to the end, and
in that way the Senate is deprived of any advis-
ing power at all. Sir, that never was the
intention of the Constitution ; it never was the
intention of those who framed it. If by some i
casualty, the President having nothing to do 1
with it, a vacancy occurs in an office during
the recess of the Senate, the President can fill
it, and that commission will extend until the
last day of the next session ; but beyond that
the President has no power of removing officers
and filling the vacancies that he himself makes.
I undertake to say that he has no authority 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDERSON: Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Suppose that a post-
master should be guilty of a felony by abstract-
ing $5,000 from the post office during the "re-
cess of Congress, whore then would be the
authority to displace him and appoint some
competent man?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not any ques-
tion about the authority of the legislative power
to confer upon the President the power of sus"-
pending or removing officers; but the difficulty
presented in the question of the Senator from '
California is, that according to the previous
practice of the Government, we have lefkthe
power of removal to the President, and never
thought it necesary to regulate it at all. We
have always claimed it, but we have never
claimed it by an act of Congress. I under-
take to say that if gentlemen will refer back to
the history of the Senate in its contests with
the President, they will find that the Senate
has always differed with*the President; but we
never could get legislation on the subject.
During the whole time of the controversy
with General Jackson the Senate was opposed
to- him, and passed a resolution condemning
his act in ramoving the deposits from the Uni-
ted States Bank. The Senate at that time took
direct issue with General Jackson upon his
power of removing Mr. Duane and appointing
Mr. Taney, who was afterward Chief Justice.
The original resolutions introduced by Mr.
Clay condemned it upon the ground that no such
power existed in the President. It was con-
demned by the Senate in 1813, when Mr. Mad-
ison undertook to appoint commissioners to
negotiate a peace with Great Britain. It will
be recollected that the Senate took issue with
him on that subject, and said he had no authority
whatever to make those appointments without
consulting the Senate. It has been at all times
contested on the part of the Senate, and when
the majority in the Senate has been adverse to
the political policy pursued by the President
they have never failed to protest against the
exercise of this power by the President alone;
but generally, as was the case when the Senate
was protesting against the conduct of General
Jackson, the House of Representatives was
with him, and it was an utter impossibility to
get any legislation on the subject. I do not
suppose that any gentleman who has argued
the question—I do not suppose that the Sena-
tor from Maryland or any other lawyer—will
take the ground that under the Constitution
the President has the right to make these ap-
pointments without consulting the Senate at
all, or that he can make removals in the vaca-
tion and Congress have no power to regulate
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not take that ground.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I ap-
prehend nobody denies the power of Congress
to regulate it. The difficulty, I will suggest to
the Senator from California, is that we have
always left this question to the President; we
have never regulated it by law. We have
always supposed that when an officer commits
a wrong, a crime, the President may remove
him. We have conceded that power to him.
But now, as I understand, the Senate and House
of Representatives have gone to work to regu-
late this power of appointment, and instead of
removing absolutely we give to the President
the power merely of suspending an officer.
Mr. McDOUGALL. if the Senator will
allow me, not designing to interrupt the coarse
of his argument, I desire to say a word, as I do
not purpose to enter into the discussion my-
self. The reason why that doctrine syas held
was, that it was necessary that Government
should be capable for all its immediate exigea-
