1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 10, line ninety-
seven of section nine, I move to strike out the
words " not including sirup or molasses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the same page, line
one hundred and four of section eleven, after
the word "process" I move to insert "extract
sugar from or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a new section at the
end of the bill:
And be it further enacted, That coal oil which has
beeu returned to a bonded warehouse after having
been withdrawn for the purpose of being redistilled
or refined, according to law, may bo withdrawn from
said warehouse for consumption upon payment of
the tax upon the quantity so removed for consump-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance what
the effect of the first of those amendments is,
excluding or not including the words "sirup
or molasses?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you reduce the one
you ought to reduce the other.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not had time to
examine it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tax being putdown
to one and a half per cent, ad valorem, it seemed
hardly worth while to distinguish between them.
Mr. CONNESS. That is right. I under-
stand it now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments which
have beeu made as in Committee of the Whole,
and the Chair will take the question upon the
amendments collectively, saving those amend-
ments which may 4>e excepted by Senators.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish aseparate vote upon
the amendment made on page 16 of the bill,
by which lines fifty-nine and sixty were stricken
  out.
ThePRESIDENTj97*o<emj3ore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to have a sepa-
rate vote on the amendment on page 18, line
ninety, by which certain agricultural imple-
ments are stricken from the free list.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. NYE. I wish to have a separate vote
upon the amendment adopted last night on
.. page 9, lines eighty-eight, eighty-nine, and
ninety. I wish to reinstate what was reported
by the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We fixed that over in
the other sections.
Mr. NYE. How does it stand?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not necessary.
Mr. NYE. I want to reinstate it after
April 30, 1867.
l'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. CATTELL. I wish to except the
amendment on page 16, line fifty-three, by
which the word " iron" has been stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to ex-
cept the amendment on pages 10 and 17 strik-
ing out lines sixty-three, sixty-four, and sixty-
five, and also the amendment on page 12, lines
one hundred and fifty-nine, one hundred and
sixty, and one hundred and sixty-one.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
amendments will be excepted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to re-
serve the amendments reducing the duty on
cotton and placing boots, shoes, bar-iron, <fcc.,
on the free list. If we take the tax off the
cotton we must put it on the others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
amendments will be excepted.
Mr. NYE. I should like a separate vote on
the proposition to place sewing-machines on
the free list.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment not having been adopted it cannot be
excepted. The Senator can renew it in the
Senate if he chooses to do so.
Mr. NYE. I give notice then that I shall
renew it.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire at the proper time
to move to strike out the thirty-second section.
I suppose it will be necessary, therefore, to have
that excepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. CRESWELL. I desire to except the
amendment on page 16 striking out " sheet
lead, lead pipe, and shot."
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be excepted. If no other amendments be in-
dicated, the question is on concurring in the
1 amendments made as in Committee of the
\ Whole with the exceptions specially named,
j The amendments not excepted were con-
curred in.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out lines fifty-nine
and sixty of section eleven in these words:
! Horse-rakes, horse-powers, tedders, hames, scythe-
snaths, hay-forks, hoes, and portable grinding-mills.
i Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to occupy
i the time of the Senate on this matter. I think
, the House acted wisely by putting these arti-
cles in the free list; and 1 hope the Senate
will concur in the action of the House, and
refuse to strike them out, as recommended by
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Horse - rakes are
already on the free list; this puts them in
Mr. HOWARD. Where ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the old bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Then to put them here
will do no harm; it will only make it stronger.
I ask for the yeas and nays in concurring in
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These
words were stricken out in Committee of the
Whole, and the question is in concurring in
the amendment which was made in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. Were they in the free
list ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were in the free
list, and the committee reported to strike them
out of the free list. I confess I do not know
exactly how the question is being put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
These articles were placed in the free list by
the bill as it came from the other House, and
by vote of the Senate acting as in Committee
of the Whole they were stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then those who want
to keep them in the free list will vote in the
negative on this question. [" That is it."]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 26 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Fogg, Foster, Harris, Morgan, Poland, and
Sherman—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Creswell, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Kirkwood, Nesmith, Nye, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Kiddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stew-
art. Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell,
Cowan, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Henderson,
Howe, Lane, McDougall, Morrill, Norton, Wade,
Williams, and Wilson—16.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to submit a mo-
tion at this time that at five o'clock to-day the
Senate take a recess until half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out in line ninety of section eleven the follow-
ing words: "potato-hooks, pitchforks, manure
and spading torks."
Mr. JOHNSON. Were they stricken from
the free list?
Mr. POMEROY. They were. It is pre-
cisely like the case the Senate have just passed
upon.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out lines eighty-eight, eighty-nine, and ninety
of section nine in these words:
By striking out the paragraph commencing "on
oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole" down to the words
"ten cents per gallon inclusive."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will re-
main.
Mr. NYE. We want to reinstate that pro-
vision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We struck out the
clause, and the Senator wants to keep it in. I
shall object, and state the reason why I do. The
matter the Senator refers to is in relation to
gas companies. This has nothing to do with
that.
Mr. NYE. We want to insert gas compa-
nies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment can
be moved after we get through with the reserved
amendments.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no opposition
to this amendment then.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out the word " iron," in line fifty-three of sec-
tion eleven, and to insert the word " or;" and
after the word " cement," in line fifty-four, to
strike out "sheet lead, lead pipe, and shot."
Mr. CRESWELL. Iam not informed upon
what ground the Finance Committee propose
to strike out sheet lead, lead pipe, and shot
from the free list, and therefore I cannot speak
by authority as to the motives that actuated
them ; but in the House of Representatives, by
the action of the House these articles were in-
serted in the free list, and I think wisely. A
system has grown up under the law, as at pres-
ent established, which virtually defeats every-
thing like fair dealing in the manufacture of
these articles. The act of June 30, 1864, pro-
vides for levying an internal revenue tax of five
per cent, upon these manufactures; and it
further provides that unless the increased value
of the manufactured article shall be five per
cent, there shall be no tax whatever levied.
The cost of these manufactures of lead is about
ten and a half cents per pound; but the man-
ufacturers in certain quarters of the country,
in derogation of every principle of fair deal-
ing, have entered into an arrangement one with
the other that they will produce these manufac-
tures for a rate not exceeding half a cent per
pound, which brings them below the rate of
increase which under the actis chargeable with
tax ; that is to say, the increased value of the
article is less than five per cent., and of course
therefore no tax is to be paid.
This has been carried on so extensively that
the manufacturers of these articles who are dis-
posed to deal fairly with the Government have
been virtually driven out of the market, and I
apprehend, although I am not positively in-
formed upon the question, that the amount of
tax paid upon these manufactures during the
past year has been almost nothing; and there-
fore, so far as the question of revenue is con-
cerned, these articles might just as well be put
upon the free list: but the manufacturers in a
statement which I have before me say that it is
not so much to their interest that these articles
should be placed on the free list as it is to their
interest that the tax placed upon them shall be
so certain that those in the trade who are dis-
posed to be dishonest may not be able to evade
it. Tkey think, therefore, that either these arti-
cles should be entirely relieved from the tax
imposed by this bill, that is to say, the five per
cent., or that there should be placed upon them
a specific charge of one fourth or one half of
one cent per pound. In view of the fact that
these articles really pay no tax as the law now
stands, and that the manufacture of them has
been very much deranged by the illicit practices
that have been resorted to, I think it is unwise
to strike them from the free list in which the
House placed them by their action the other
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole difficulty
which the Senator states has been done away
