1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
with by a provision in this very bill, which he
will see, on page 12:
That section ninety-six bo amended by inserting
after the words " and also all goods, wares, merchan-
dise, and articles," and before the words " made or
manufactured from materials" the words "not spe-
cially named and taxed, and which are."
By turning to the provision in the law to
which this item refers, he will see that these
articles are specially named and taxed, so that
they come within the provision mentioned, and
the difficulty which the Senator has stated is
obviated.
Mr. CRESWELL. How will the section
read then as applicable to these articles?
Mr. FESSENDEN.
And also all goods, wares, and merchandise, and
articles not specially named and taxed, and which
are made or manufactured from materials which
have been subjected to and upon which internal
duties have been actually paid, or materials im-
ported upon which duties havo been paid or upon
which no duties have been imposed by law, where
the increased value of such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, and articles so made or manufactured, shall not
exceed the amount of five per cent, ad valorem, shall
be, and hereby arc. exempt from duty.
By turning to page 6G the Senator will find
that sheet lead and lead pipe and shot are spe-
cially named in the law, so that the difficulty is
obviated.
Mr. CRESWELL. Does the Senator mean
to say that these articles are now exempt by
law?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I read from the law of
1864, and the clause on page 12 of this bill, to
which I have called attention, is an amendment
to that law, inserting the words which I have
read, and thus relieving the matter from all
difficulty.
Mr. CRESWELL. But they are still charge-
able with five per ccnt. tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is the very diffi-
culty. The Senator does not reach the point
I make. I make this point, that some of the
manufacturers by fraudulent practices represent
that the increased value of these manufactures
is not equal to five per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is done away with
by this provision, because these articleB by this
amendment do not come within that clause.
Mr. CRESWELL. Then they are all charge-
able with the five per cent, whether there be
five per cent, increase in value or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CATTELL. I asked for the exception
of the amendment striking out the word "iron"
in line fifty-three of section eleven, and I hope
that amendment, which was adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, will be disagreed to. The
House put upon the free list drain, gas, and
water pipe made of wood, iron, or cement.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole struck out the word "iron." Now, I
believe it is quite important that we should be
able to furnish these articles, which are almost
essential and necessary to the public good, and
not by taxing them so heavily as five per cent.,
to drive the smaller towns and cities of our
country to the use of cement and wooden pipes,
which are left free, instead of the very much
better material of iron pipes.
Further, I would say to the Senate, that hav-
ing some knowledge of the manufacture of
these articles, I think I am justified in the
statement that in the last fifteen years every
single establishment on the sea-board for the
manufacture of gas iron pipes has gone to the
wall with the exception of two. It is a hard
trade, and cannot afford to pay the excessive
tax of five per cent. I hope the Senate will
disagree to the amendment and reinstate the
word "iron" in this clause.
Before taking my seat, I will state that the
Committee of Ways and Means of the other
House agreed to insert this word " iron," and
a motion was made to strike it out in the
House; and after a fair and full discussion
the insertion of it was sustained by the House.
I believe the other words in the elause, "sheet
lead, lead pipe, and shot," were added upon
motion in the House; but the word "iron"
came from the committee, and on a motion
being made in the House to strike it out it
was retained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this is rather
' an unreasonable request. Drain, gas, and
! water pipe made of iron is very generally used,
1 and used principally by corporations who are
perfectly able to pay the tax; more so than
individuals usually are. This article yields a
very considerable revenue. The committee
thought it was well enough to take the tax
off the cheaper kinds of pipe which are used
by individuals, who perhaps cannot afford to
buy the iron pipe and lay it down. Iron cer-
tainly has been very much favored, and we
do not see why we should take the tax off this
manufacture, which is important in the way of
' revenue, and which is used by those who can
well afford to pay, because it is used mostly by
corporations.
j Last year we took the duty off coal used in
the manufacture of iron; we took the duty off
' pig iron. Now the persons who manufacture
these pipes want us to take the tax off the iron
pipes themselves. J think they ought to stand
i on the, same level with other manufactures.
There is a strong demand and always will be
for the manufacture itself, and the manufac-
turers can charge their prices for it. I see no
reason for this special exemption of a flourish-
ing interest. I hope the amendment of the
committee will be adopted.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in this amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole?
The amendment was concurred in.
j The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
' ment, which was to strike out lines sixty-three,
sixty-four, and sixty-five of section eleven, in
these words:
Leather of all descriptions, and goat, deer, calf,
kid, sheep, horse, bog, and dog skins tanned, orpar-
tially tanned, curried, finshed, or in the rough.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The effect of
this amendment, as I understand it, is to take
leather of all kinds from the free list. I think
that those articles named should be upon the
free list. When the tariff bill was being con-
sidered there was an effort made to have the
duty upon these articles much increased, and
all agreed, I think, that the duty should be
increased ; but it was stated that they were to
be placed upon the free list in the internal rev-
enue bill, and that would give them sufficient
protection, as they would be relieved from the
existing tax. The same effort was made in
the House to have the duty on these articles
increased, and I think everybody was satisfied
that it should be increased; but the persons
interested in these articles withdrew the effort
to have the duty increased, because they were
assured that they would go upon the free list
in the internal revenue bill; and the House
placed them upon the free list. The effect of
this amendment is to remove them from the
free list. I think the amendment should not
prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This was a matter of
considerable discussion in the other House,
and the result which the committee came to
was founded on the fact that we could not
afford to lose a revenue of between five and six
millions that has been derived during the year
from leather. Boots and shoes have yielded
about two millions and a half. Boots and
shoes are put on the free list instead of leather.
That is substantially the way it was reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means in
the House originally. I should be very glad
to take the tax off all these articles and put
them all on the free list. I should be very glad
to get rid of taxation altogether; I dare say
we all should. But the question to be con-
sidered, after all, is not whether we cannot suc-
ceed in getting a particular interest relieved,
but whether we can afford to do it with refer-
ence to the revenue. The Senate this morn-
ing has voted off the revenue about ten mil-
lion dollars in the article of cotton alone.
Mr. CONNESS. Provided its production
is not stimulated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot tell how
that will be ; but at any rate, judging from
what we have received, the reduction will be
ten millions ; and if we put leather on the
free list, that will add five millions, making
fifteen millions; and then the placing of iron
on the free list will add two or three millions
more. I think, on the whole, as the matter
stands now, I shall have to ask the Senate to
strike iron off the free list, because the votes
of the Senate seem not to have been influenced
by that fact. The Senate has been insisting
upon putting on the free list articles made of
iron which we thought it advisable to strike
off, besides having the iron itself on the free
list.
With regard to the question before the Sen-
ate, I wish to suggest to my friend from New
Jersey that there are various interests that I
should like very much to relieve, leather
among the rest; but we cannot part with the
revenue on all these things. It is very grati-
fying to hear patriotic sentiments on a subject
of relieving these things from taxation. But
the question is whether the country can afford
it. Senators say that if we only increase pro-
duction we make the country rich; but we
do not make the Treasury rich unless the
production pays something. The object of
the bill is to get some of the money which
the country makes into the Treasury to pay
the bills with. I hope the Senate will not
put this article on the free list, for I think the
effect will be very injurious, and we cannot
afford it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I regret very
much that the Senate have taken off the tax
on cotton, and think it was a great error, so far
as my judgment goes; and I would be very
sorry if our other industries are to suffer in
consequence of that error. When the subject
of the duty on these articles was up, there was
no doubt but that those who examined the
subject thoroughly, among them the Commis-
sioner, who understood this whole subject,
were clearly of opinion that it wa3 requisite
that a higher duty should be imposed on these
articles; but inasmuch Ss it was understood
that they were to be placed upon the free list
in the internal revenue bill that was waived,
as it was in the House also. The House, after
mature consideration placed them upon the
free list in this bill, and I hope they will be
restored to the free list. To take off the du-
ties on these articles and then impose the
tax is destroying the interests of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This argument about
what the House has done works very curiously
in reference to these questions. If what the
House has done suits the views of a particular
Senator, it is a wise and sensible House, and
we ought to stick to it! If otherwise, it is an
unwise House, and it did not act right in that
particular. Now, I think we are just as capa-
ble of forming opinions as the House is, and
I do not like to hear the question argued in
that way. The real point is whether or not we
can afford to dispense with this amount of rev-
enue. I should like very much to dispense
with it on this and a great many other articles.
I do not like the high price I have to pay for
boots and shoes more than anybody else.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from New Jersey
says that we agreed to take off this tax as an
equivalent for not raising the duty on the
imported article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We did not understand
it so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN called for the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered; on being
taken resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Grimes,
Harris, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Pat-
terson, Pomcroy, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Wade,
and Willey—
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, FrelinghuyseD,
Howard, Howe, Xesmith, Nye, Ross, Trumbull, Vau
Winkle, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buck&lew, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Doolittlc, Guthrie, Henderson,
Johnson, McDougall, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Williams, and Yates
-I9.
So the amendment was concurred in.
