1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
496
cies; that executive and legislative and judi-
cial powers should exist for all proper pur-
poses ; that the business of taking charge of
offices rested with the Executive, and in the
absence of Congress, when Congress could not
act, there was no other power except the ex-
ecutive power, and ex necessitate it fell to the
executive branch of the Government. It was
so held because it was a necessary fundamental
law for the purpose of an established Govern-
ment, and belongs to the foundation of law.
It was necessary that there should be power
somewhere to rectify an evil which might exist
in the Government. It was necessary, when
an officer acting on the part of the Government
should commit a crime, that some power should
exist to put him out of authority and substitute
some other person in his place who would en-
deavor to maintain the rights of the Govern-
ment. That necessary rule of law, fundamental
law, necessary law, obtained and became the
rule, because its necessity was found in the
early days of the Republic ; and it is a neces-
sity now, and it is that necessity that has made
the rule.
Mr. HENDERSON. When I rose I arose
merely for the purpose of reading an extract
from a letter of the Secretary of the Navy and
to condemn the doctrine that the Secretary
lays down in it. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cowan] will find that it is not alto-
gether the merit of the office-holder that con-
trols these appointments. It may be that the
President is too well served; and I apprehend
that that is so in this case. I have no ill-feel-
ing against the President. My impression is
that his Secretaries undertake to serve him
better than he dfesires; and 1 think that the
President himself in his appointments has not
carried political persecution to the extent that
some of those holding office under him have
done.
Some complaints were made some time since
at tho Norfolk navy-yard about removals, and
I knew myself that some of the most worthy
men there had been removed for no other cause
than that their political sentiments did not
agree with those of the Secretary of the Navy.
I offered a resolution in the early part of the
session, which was adopted, making some in-
quiry into the matter and asking for the corre-
spondence on the subject. The Secretary sends
in this correspondence, and he sends with it a
letter dated October 20, I860, addressed by
himself to Rear Admiral S. C. Rowan, com-
mandant of the navy-vord at Norfolk ; and I
will read to the Senate the qualifications that
he lays down to his officer in charge of the
various departments of the Norfolk navy-yard
for office. He says, speaking of the persons to
be appointed:
" Whatever their merits in other respects, disloyal-
ists are not to he employed. It has not been the
policy of this Department to give countenance or
encouragement to disunionists of any description.
Those who oppose the Government in its efforts to
establish national amity, whetherclaiming that States
have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the
Union by secession, or striving by arbitrary and un-
delegated power to exclude States from the Union,
and deprive them of their guarantied constitutional
rights, are not deemed worthy of service in the Union
which they oppose and by the Government which
they woald subvert."
Mr. SUMNER. Who signs that letter?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is signed "G.
Welles, Secretary of the Navy." Now, sir,
when you come to the Norfolk navy-yard, who
can be appointed under this letter? Those
parties who agree with Congress, who believe
that the rebellious States ought not immediately
to be admitted, are termed by the Secretary of
the Navy "disunioniststhey are "disloyal-
ists." He goes on to explain what he means
by "disunionists."
He says that any person who is opposed to
the immediate admission of these States and
the admission of their representatives into both
branches of Congress is adisunionist, and those
men it is not the policy of the President to ap-
point. Now, when he comes to talk about dis-
unionists on the other side, how does he define
them? Not those parties who fought in the
armies; not thos# man who wer«
the faithful adherents of General Lee and Jef-
ferson Davis. They may be appointed. See
how it is qualified:
"Those who oppose the Government in its efforts
to establish national amity, whether claiming that
States have the rieht to voluntarily withdraw from
the Union by secession"—
, Why, sir, I suppose that not more than one
third of the southern people at the time of the
rebellion in 1861 advocated secession as a con-
stitutional right. They only resorted to rebel-
lion as a revolutionary right. They did not
claim it as a constitutional right. The Secre-
tary of the Navy only excludes on the south-
ern side of the question those men who claimed
that secession was a constitutional remedy; all
others can be appointed at Norfolk. An indi-
vidual offers himself there for employment.
The question is not "Did you serve in the con-
federate armies?" not " Were you a soldier in
Lee's army or Johnston's army?" because such
a man may be perfectly competent under this
instruction; butthequestionis, "Doyoubelieve
in secession as a constitutional right?" "I do
not," says the applicant. "You, sir, can be
employed; I will receive you in the Norfolk
navy-yard." Another individual offers him-
self, and he is asked, "Are you in favor of the
immediate admission of members of Congress
from the seceded States?" He answers, "I
am not." Then he is told " You are a disloyal-
ist; you are a disunionist; you must leave; you
cannot get employment here."
I do not like this sort of dealing with Union
men, men who have stood by the Government
during the late difficulty. It may possibly be
that, the Senator from Pennsylvania is correct
in his view that the President has not carried
the matter to this extreme ; but I show you that
the Secretary of the Navy has done it, and he
sends us his letter of instruction written in
October last. I do not know whether other
Secretaries have carried it to this extent or not.
I suppose they would frankly send in the in-
structions they have issued to the heads of
bureaus upon this subject. I have no personal
knowledge of the matter except that in this
case a friend of mine was unjustifiably removed
at the Norfolk navy-yard; and not only that,
he was supplanted by a person who was not
qualified and who was, as I understand, dis-
loyal heretofore. I know him to have been a
loyal man. I know him to have been and to be
now an upright and honest man, devoted to the
best interests of the Government and as capa-
ble in his position as any man that could have
been employed; but he was discharged under
these instructions and anotherperson put in his
stead. That fact is unquestionable.
I have no ill feeling; I have no revengeful
feeling or spite to gratify against the southern
people. I desire to see these difficulties healed
up as soon as possible. I do not persecute
them; I never have done so; I do not intend to
do so. I have no ill feeling against the heads
of Departments or the President; but I do think
that the Senate has been treated in au improper
manner in regard to its share of the appointing
power. AVhile I am up, I will say that at the
last session of Congress I was exceedingly
anxious to get a bill of this sort passed. I not
only wanted to curb the power of Mr. Johnson,
but the power of all succeeding Presidents.
It is no more important in Mr. Johnson's case
than it will be in the case of the President who
succeeds him. The present system is demoral-
izing and corrupting. Do we not know it?
Do we not feel it? Do not men go to the Pres-
ident to get appointments, pledging the Pres-
ident that they are with him, and then come
before us and leave us to infer, either by direct
expressions to that effect or by innuendo, that
they are sustaining and upholding the policy
of Congress. Therefore I say that it is demor-
alizing: it will ever be; and there are now too
many offices in this country to be entirely con-
trolled by one man.
One good reason in favor of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts is, that we
propose in this measure to leave the heads of
Departments entirely under the control of the
President, and not to require the sanction of
the Senate for their removal. Under this bill
the President may remove the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
head of a Department, and we should have no
control over it, and through them he could do
as General Jackson did in order to effect the
removal of the deposits; it is a very easy mat-
ter. Mr. Duane refused to remove them;
Judge Taney was willing to do it; the first
was removed and the latter put in his place.
General Jackson said expressly in his protest
to the Senate that he did not order Mr. Taney
to do it, but he knew he would do it when he
removed Mr. Duane and put Mr. Taney in his
place. Suppose Mr. Stanton should refnse to
make removals that the President may desire.
I do not know that the President will ask him
to make any; but suppose that sueh a thing
should occur; that au ambitious President
should desire removals of subordinates to be
made. His Secretary, Mr. Stanton, declines
to make those removals. He may remove Mr.
Stanton without consulting the Senate as to
the propriety of that removal, and put iu his
place a man who will make the removals he
desires.
If the President, can remove the Cabinet
ministers, he can effect the removal of all the
subordinate officers. But I am not disposed to
vote for the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts as an amendment to this bill;
and I regret that it has been offered. I think,
however, it is a proposition that deserves a
great deal of consideration, and ought to have
more consideration than we can possibly give
to it now and here. It ought to go before a
committee and there be carefully examined. I
undertook at the last session to prepare a bill,
and I believe it is the first bill that was prepared
on this subject, and 1 found lhat innumerable
difficulties beset me on every side, and the
Senator from Massachusetts will find, unless he
is very careful in his legislation, that many dif-
ficulties may ensue. Some difficulties have
been presented that ought to be remedied in
this bill. For instance, it has been urged by
the opposition to the measure, and urged with
a great deal of force, that a foreign minister
may die on the day of the adjournment of the
Senate, and it may be very important to have
the place filled, but under this bill it cannot be.
A very simple amendment might be framed
which in my judgment would remedy that dif-
ficulty and w'hieh the President could not abuse.
The amendment I would make to meet that
case would be a provision that a vacancy should
be presumed to exist at the time when actual
notice of the existence of the vacaney came to
the knowledge of the President. In drafting
the bill to which I have alluded I inserted a
provision of that sort. I think it ought to be
in this measure, and if it be inserted, the only
objection I have heard urged against the bill
will have been removed. I have said, Mr.
President, all that I desired to say.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that there is a disposition to abandon
altogether the principles of our system of gov-
ernment and the ideas which were thought by
its framers to be incorporated into the Consti-
tution of the United States and the organiza-
tion upon which they undertook to establish a
republic of States. It seems to me that gentle-
men have forgotten that the most important
lesson which was studied in that day was this:
that there should be three distinct powers in
the Government, and that these three powers
should be carefully, honestly, and loyally main-
tained intact—a pure judiciary, not to be ma-
ligned by the press and not to he assailed by
Congress, either in this or in the other Hall
or from the presidential chair; a President,
clothed with his high office to discharge all the
functions belonging to him properly as adminis-
tering, as the Chief Executive, the Government
of the Republic; and the law-making power, to
which Congress belongs, and we are not to be
interfered with either by the judiciary or by
the Executive; and each branch of the Govern'
m nt independent in itself.
