1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
Mr. ALLISON. If this tax is an onerous
burden upon this company, why does not the
city of Pittsburg relieve the company from this
contract to furnish gas to the city free of charge?
Mr. MOORHEAD. The company is obliged
to do so by the terms of its charter, and the
city of Pittsburg cannot relieve the company^
of these terms. Besides, the people of the city
who have to pay the taxes of the city will not
consent to that.
I now move that the committee rise, for the
purpose of closing debate on this paragraph.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for the purpose of allowing
me to read an amendment which I propose to
offer at the proper time ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will withdraw the
motion for that purpose.
Mr. DELANO. I give notice that at the
proper time I shall move the following amend-
ment:
Amend section ninety-four as follows: insert after
thewords "fixed bylaw," thefollowing: " and whoso
consumption does not exceed an average of ono hun-
dred and fifty thousand foet per month, and whose
net profits did not for the preceding year exceed ten
per cent, per annum on the capital stock actually
paid in."
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the Clerk read,
for information of the committee, an amend-
ment to the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Delano,] which I propose to offer. I do not
desire to make any remarks upon it at this
time.
Mr. DELANO. I suppose it is one of my
friend's witticisms.
The Clerk read as follows :
And provided aho. That in those States whore tho
rate of interest on money loaned is limited by law,
the lender of money shall be allowed to collectof the
borrower any amount of tax charged on hia income
derived from interest on money so loaned.
Mr. DELANO. It is as I expected. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
pro tempore (Mr. Orth) having resumed the
chair, Mr. Bootwell reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the special order, being
bill of the House No. 1161, to amend the ex-
isting laws relating to internal revenue, and
had directed him to report that they had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that when the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order, all debate upon the pending
paragraph be closed in five minutes.
The inotionwas agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1161, to amend the ex-
isting laws relating to internal revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending paragraph of this
bill will terminate in five minutes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Humphrey, to strike from the paragraph
amendatory of section ninety-four of the pres-
ent law the following:
Strike out in the paragraph relating to gas tho
words "and until the 30th day of April, 1867."
Mr. GARFIELD. In closing the debate
upon this -subject I desire to say but a few
words, and then I will leave it to the deter-
mination of this committee. There were two
classes of companies to which the Committee
of Ways and Means had reference in recom-
mending this proposed amendment of the ex-
isting law. The first class embraces those
companies who are limited by their charters
in reference to the price they are allowed to
charge consumers of the gas they manufac-
ture. The second class embraces those who,
two or three or more years ago, made con-
tracts, to run ten years perhaps, to deliver
gas at a certain price. We have now come
in, and by our legislation here changed the
terms of their contracts. The State Legisla-
tures could not change those contracts; they
could not by anything they might do relieve
these companies; and therefore we felt that
we who have changed the terms of those con-
tracts were bound to afford them relief by
taking from them this additional burden.
Now, one word more. One gentleman who
ha3 spoken here to-night [Mr. Eggleston]
has said that the great principle of our revenue
law is that the manufacturers ought themselves
to pay the tax upon their commodities. I answer
the gentleman that all manufacturing establish-
ments, the price of whose products is not re-
stricted by law, charge the tax over to the
consumers._ If we impose a tax upon the manu-
facture, for instance, of any kind of implement,
that tax is at once added to the price charged
for the implement; and thus the purchaser
pays the tax. In the cases we have now under
consideration the companies are limited either
by their contracts made five, six, or ten years
ago, or by the terms of their charters, and they
cannot charge this tax over, unless we permit
them to do so by the provisions of our law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed to
favor in the least degree monopolies, but I am
opposed to doing wrong to a corporation for
no other reason than that it is a corporation.
Whilq there are gas companies in the United
States that do not deserve this relief and ought
not to have it, there are many that ought to
have it. and we do these companies wrong if
we do not grant it.
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. If, in his opinion, the
Legislature of the particular State cannot take
this burden off a gas company, what authority
has this Congress to do it? And I also ask
him what difference there is in the position of
a gas company that is bound by a contract
made several years ago and the position of a
man who has lent his money ten years ago and
is waiting to collect it, or any other business
man who has made contracts which he must
execute, although they may be unprofitable to
him ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I can answer the gentle-
man I think very distinctly. Where a gas com-
pany has made a contract ayear or two ago, run-
ning, forinstance, ten years, the Legislature of
the State cannot change the t^rms of the contract
if it is between the gas company and a muni-
cipal corporation. But when wo come in and
impose a tax, we do in point of fact change tho
contract, unless we adopt such a provision as
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend.
The amendment of Mr. Humphrey was
agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend by insert-
ing in lieu of the provision just stricken out the
following:
That section ninety-four be amended by adding
thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That gas companies whose consumption
does not exceed an average of one hundred and fifty
thousand feet per month, or whoso net profits do not
for tho preceding year exceed ten percent, por annum
on tho capital stock actually paid in, may charge the
tax to consumers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to amend the
amendment by adding the following additional
proviso:
Provided aho. That in those States where the rate
of interest on money loaned is limited by law, tho
lender of money shall be allowed to collect of the
borrower any amount of tax charged on his incomc
derived from interest on money so loaned.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a i>oint of order,
and submit that this amendment is not germane
to the subject under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My amendment is the same
in principle as the other.
The amendment of Mr. Delano was not
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by add-
ing the following:
Also in_the paragraph relating to petroleum, com-
mencing on illuminating, lubricating, or othermin-
eral oils, strike out the word " twenty " wherever it
occurs and insert ten."
I am not going to discuss the amendment,
for I know everybody understands it. I went
before the Committee of Ways and Means and
endeavored to get them to reduce the tax from
twenty cents a gallon, as it now stands, on
refined rock-oil, and although they are re-
ducing everything else they refused to do it.
I wish the sense of the House on the propo-
sition, and I suppose that sense does not need
any illumination from me.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. I know my friend has always
given us illumination on this subject whenever
we came to it year after year, fee will recol-
lect that we relieved crude petroleum from
tax; and, sir, many persons have thought, and
now think, it should bear some tax. Indeed,
an effort has been made to restore that tax.
This refined article is very valuable. It is a
thing that is produced in large quantities, and
the price is low, lower than before. Wo have
the monopoly of the world. It furnishes a
large amount of our exchange with other
nations, and has brought in a handsome reve-
nue to the Treasury last year. I hope no
change will be mado in the bill in this respect.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The charge for freight on
this article is very heavy. Although the demand
is coextensive with tho world, stilt the charge
for freight is heavy, and the article itself is so
volatile, no cask or package yet being found
that will prevent its leaking, it is so subject to
fires and accidents of almost every kind that
you cannot carry it from the place of produc-
tion without a large percentage of loss. If the
tax were to come out of the people I represent
I would not say a word, but all the members
here are more interested in it than I am, the
freight on the article making it come high with
them, while we get it in the neighborhood so
low we can afford to pay the tax.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will add one word,
showing the amount of revenue we have re-
ceived from this article, and which the gentle-
man now proposes to cut off. In the year
1863, at the beginning of this production, we
received a revenue of $3,000,000; in 1864 it
was $2,250,000; in 1865 it was again $3,000,-
000; in 1866 it rose to five and one third mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can you not be liberal to
such an extensive customer ?
Mr. GARFIELD. We took off a dollar a
barrel on crude petroleum which goes abroad.
If this tax were made lower it would simply
be a decrease in the revenue.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There never yet has been
any tax on the article sent abroad, whether
crude or refined. The very reason we have
been able to send it abroad is because there is
no tax on it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is there any competi-
tion ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Any amount of compe-
tition abroad. I do not mean of course from
just this kind of article, and especially has
there been great competition since the expi-
ration of the patent for making oil from shale,
except in reference to that class of consumers
who can pay a little higher price for a better
article.
Mr. GARFIELD. Iu 1865 we exported
twenty-three million eight hundred thousand
gallons, while in I860 we exported sixty mil-
lion gallons, almost three times as much as in
the year 1805.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
Also, strike out the paragraph commencing " on
oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole" down to tho words
"ten cents per gallon," inclusive.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add at the end
of line fifty-nine the following:
But if any person shall mix for sale naphtha and
illuminating oil, or shall sell or keep or offer for sale
such mixture, or shall sell or offer for salo oil mado
