. GONGIESSIOML GrLOlE.
February 14,
fern, petroleum' for. illuminating' purposes' at loss
temperature or lire-test than one hundred and ten
degrees Fahrenheit,, such persons shall Tie held to fie
eailty of a misdemeanor, and cm conviction thereof
ixr indictment or presentment in any court of the
United States having oontpetent juriwietion. shall be
punished by imprisonment for a term of not less
than six months nor more than three years.
Mr. Chairman, I will explain this amend-
mentin a) very few words.. Naphthanowpays a
tax- of ten Cents, a gallon* while illuminating oil
pays a tax of treaty cents a gallon. The con-
sequence is that naphtha, being .a cheap article,
is mixed with illuminating oil, and people,
unconscious of the fact, they are buying a-dif-
ferent article, purchase this fraudulent article,
for it is such, a mixture almost as explosive
$s gunpowder. Now, there is no objection to
taking- off the tax from naphtha, because though
not fit to be mixed with illuminating oil, yet it
in some degree supplies theplaee of spirits of
turpentine and enters largely into the arts as
raw material. It is useful for many other pur-
poses, and ought to have either a low tax im-
posed upon it or none at all. But just in pro-
portion as you make it cheap by taking the tax
off you increase the temptation to mix it with
illuminating oil and make a compound which
is destroying lives and property. The only
way therefore, I think, is to take the tax off or
reduce it and make the article cheap for legiti-
mate purposes, but punish the use of it severely
when mixed withilluminating oil. I have had
my attention attracted to this matter, and have
communicated with persons familiar with this
subject, and I find this is about the only prac-
tical wayof heading off that practice.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This
amendment is a very proper one.
Mr. HUMPHREY. The amendment should
be so modified that only those who sell know-
ingly shall suffer the penalty. As I under-
stand it, the penalty would attach to the re-,
tailor.
Several Members. They all know it.
, Mr. HUMPHREY. They may not all know it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the scienter
would be taken into consideration by any court;
but I will insert the word "knowingly;" so
that it will read: " shall mix for sale or know-
ingly offer for sale."
Mr. ALLISON. The proviso is proposed to
be attached to a paragraph just stricken out
of the original law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the gentleman
is-right. I will therefore have to withdraw my
amendment and offer it at some other place.
• Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out this
paragraph:
Also, strike out the paragraph commencing " on
oil, naphtha, benzole, benzine," down to the words
ten cents per gallon," inclusive.
And to fimcnd the original law by inserting
in it "five cents" instead of "ten cents;" so
that it will read as follows:
On illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral oils,
marking not less than thirty-six nor more than fifty-
mnedegrcesBaumfi's hydrometer, theoxclusiveprod-
 ?'?, refining of erudo oil produced by a single
distillation of coal, shalo, asphaltum* peat, or other
bituminous substanccs, not otherwise provided for
Iivo cents per gallon.
It is proposed to take the tax off from coal
oil that is disUlled largely in New England
from Nova Scotia coal or shale, which can be
had f°r nothing, and upon which there is no
tariff. There is a large manufactory in Boston
ot this oil, which is called kerosene, and which
is so valuable that it has led the country
people to apply that name to the whole class
?i rJj and 00al oils- Many have taken
trade-mark of this one manufactory and
applied it to all these oils.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman s attention to the fact that he has
mistaken the section of the original law to
which this paragraph in the bill applies. It
is the section immediately following the one
he has cited, as follows:
On oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline
marking more than fifty-nine degrees BaumS
hydrometer, the product of the distillation, redistilla-
J jefimns; of crude petroleum, or of erudo oil
asoha?h?m a s'?sle distillation of coal, shale, peat,
SS cem™Vjganon. ltUmin0US eabst™°<*-
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the: gentleman
is right. . ■ ■ .
Mr: GARFIELD. A single- suggestion*
There is no. iltaminaAing oil marked more
than fifty-nine- degrees, Baum^'s hydrometer,;
all above that is of the nature of gasoline and
substances that are not used for illumination
at all. This oil, naphtha, above fifty-nine de-
grees- we propose to put oil the free list.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I understand the
tax on illuminating: oil distilled from ooal and
shale is retained.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not touched, except
the product marking more than fifty-nine de-
grees.
• The Clerk read -as follows:
Also; [amend section ninety-four by striking out]
the paragraphs relating to " sugar and sugar refiners,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "on all sugars
produced from the sugar-cane, and not from sorghum
or imphee, other than those produced by the refiner,
a tax of one cent per pound; on refined sugars, and
on the productsof sugar refineries, notincludmgsirup
or molasses, a tax of two per cent, ad valorem ,* Pro-
vided, That everyperson shall be-regarded asasugar-
reliner, and pay the taxes required by law, whose
business it is to advance the quality and value of
sugar upon which a tax or duty has been paid, by
melting and reerystallization, or by liquoring, clay-
ing, or other washing process, or by any other chem-
ical or meehanieal moans, or who shall by boiling or
other process advance the quality or value of molas-
ses, concentrated molasses, or melado, upon which a
tax or duty has been paid."
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I move to amend
by striking out these words:
On all sugars produced from the sugar-cane, and
not froni sorghum or imphee, other than those pro-
duced by the refiner, a taxof one cent per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. This portion of the bill
is being read by paragraphs for amendment.
The paragraph referred to by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] having been read
and passed by, it would not now be in order,
without unanimous consent, to move to strike
it out.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. The Clerk read
the paragraphs very rapidly; and I supposed
all relating to sugars was to be considered as
one paragraph. I ask unanimous consent of
the committee to return to the paragraph I
have quoted for the purpose of enabling me to
move to strike it out.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
The Clerk read as follows: *
Also, [amend soction ninety-four.] in the paragraph
relating to,wood screws, by striking out the word
ten and inserting "five;"
Also, by striking out the paragraph relating to
gunpowder and inserting in lieuthereofthe follow-
ing: on gunpowder, canister powder, five cents per
pound; sporting powder, in kegs, one cent per pound;
blasting powder, in kegs or casks, one half cent per
pound;"
Also, in the paragraph -relating to "copper and
brass tubes." by striking out the words " five per eent.
ad valorem" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
one fourth of one cent per pound."
Mr. GARFIELD. I have here an amend-
ment upon which the Committee of Ways and
Means have, agreed, which I desire to move in
reference to the last paragraph read by the
Clerk. I move to strike out the paragraph
just read, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following: .
Also, [amend section ninety-four,] by striking out
the paragraph commencing "on copper and brass
tubes, and inserting in lieu thereof "on copper and
perSpouiid " n " or "vets> one fourth of one cent
I wish the gentleman from
Ohio-[Mr. Garfield] would state the reasons
for so essentially reducing, as I understand he
now proposes to do, the tax upon those articles
made of brass and copper, among which are
many articles of luxury.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not a reduction of
the tax at all, but a simple transfer from an
ad valorem, to a specific tax. Under the exist-
ing law these articles now pay an ad valorem
tax of five per cent. _ It was thought that we
would be more certain to get the tax if we
made it specific. We therefore propose that
it shall be one fourth of one per cent, per
pound, which will be about equal to an ad
valorem, tax of five per cent.
Mr. KASSON. It is precisely upon that
'Omt that I think the gentleman is in error,
thmk the ad valorem tax is decidedly to
be- preferred, as these articles approach Tphat
may properly be called articles of luxury, such,
for instance, as gas-fixtures, chandeliers, &c.
The-ameniiment lie proposes would reduce the
tax imposed under the existing law. I cannot
of courses go into the details, but my informa-
tion is sufficiently accurate to justify me in
making that statement.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means made a careful estimate, and not
only not intending, to reduce the tax on these
articles, they were> of the opinion that the
amendment I have proposed, instead of re-
ducing it, if any change would result from its
adoption, would cause a slight advance upon
the present tax. And I believe all will agree
that when we make a tax specific we can more
certainly get it paid. The articles embraced
in this paragraph include tacks, nails, rivets,
and a large number of things, the exact valu-
ation of which it would be very difficult to
ascertain, in order to determine an ad valorem
tax upon them. But you can very easily de-
termine the tax when it is by the pound. It
seems to me that, it is a much simpler, safer,
and better way for the Government to levy the
. tax in the way proposed in the amendment.
The Committee of Ways and Means have con-
sidered this subject very careftilly, and I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DARLING. I am opposed to the pro-
posed amendment, and I Will state how, in my
judgment, it will operate if adopted. Copper
or brass tubes of a highly finished character of
say the length of two or three feet may cost
perhaps one dollar and a half, two dollars, or
three dollars each. When so finished they are
very light, and would not weigh more than one
or two pounds each at the most; therefore the
tax proposed by this amendment would not
exceed a quarter or a half a cent each, while
under the existing law, at five per cent., it
would amount to ten or fifteen Cents each.
Under the plan adopted here a year ago in
respect to iron tubes, there has been a great
evasion of the revenue, so that, as I am in-
formed, one house in Philadelphia has realized
a profit of over one hundred thousand dollars.
I endeavored last year to got the law amended
in that respect, but I failed. I hope Congress
will not perpetuate it this year. -Light pipes
taxed so much per pound escape the tax almost
entirely, while heavy pipes taxed by the pound
are taxed very oppressively. The light-finished
work should pay a percentage, and not pay by
the pound. I could illustrate this further if it
were necessary, but I presunle it is not neces-
sary. The only true and equitable way of
taxing manufactured articles of this kind is to
impose an ad valorem tax. v
Mr. GARFIELD. What the gentleman
states may be the fact. It is possible that the
Committee of Ways and Means has fallen into
a_ mistake in reference to this matter. I have
simply sought to represent the action of the
committee. _ In this easel ask unanimous con-
sent that this paragraph may be passed over to
be considered hereafter. I think it quite likely
that the gentleman from New York may bo
entirely correct in his statement.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
this paragraph will be passed over to be con-
sidered hereafter.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the following:
Also, by striking out all from the words "cigarettes
or small cigars," m the first paragraph relating to
cigars, down, to the words twenty per cent ad
valorem pn the market value thereof/' in the last
paragraph relating to cigars, inclusive, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
J!* cjfa£ettes, cigars, cheroots of all descriptions,
™X«ofi°fe™0?ra,ny substitute therefor, the market
value of which, meludmgthe tax, is not eight dollars
per thousand, a tax of tvvodollars per thousand • whon
t™ PC? tHusand in m rk°t value,
lncludingthe tax, a tax of eight dollars per thousand.
11MYERS. I move to amend by striking
out all after the word "therefore" in line
ninety-three down to the word "thousand,"
inclusive, in line ninety-seven, the part stricken
out being the following :
The market value of which, including the tax, is
not over eight dolldrs per thousand, a tax of two
