1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The Secretary read the next excepted
amendment, which was in line one hundred
and fifty-nine of section nine to strike out the
words "words ferry where they occur twice,"
and to insert "the word 'three' where it oc-
curs in the second proviso," and inserting the
words " two and a half." [
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
chairman of the Committee on Finance inform
the Senate what this clause means, what it
applies to, what will be the effect of agreeing
to the whole of it as it stands, particularly the
words which follow what has just been read, j
and which are "by striking out the words ,
' until the 30th day of April, 1867.' " j
Mr. FESSENDEN. The effect of the first I
amendment is simply to cut the tax on all the
articles named in the section referred to down
from three per cent, to two and a half per |
cent. The effect of the second clause is to
take off the limitation upon the right of horse :
railroad companies to put the tax upon their
passengers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it confined to horse
railroad companies?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It applies to all cor-
porations which transport persons. The time
within which they were allowed to add the tax
to their charges were limited to the 30th of
April. That was done with a specific object.
After a good deal of discussion the House
thought it best to strike that limitation off.
They refused to do it in the case of gas com-
panies, but did it in all these other cases.
Mr. ANTHONY. The practical effect, I
understand, upon these railroads where the
fare is very small and the tax amounts to one
eighth or a quarter of a cent, is that they take
one cent from their passengers, and pay the j
Government one fourth or one eighth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is provided for by a
provision that they shall sell packages of tickets
at such a rate as will simply add the tax to the
fare.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir ; it was pro-
vided for in that wa^at the last session.
Mr. ANTHONY Yes, and a horse railroad
company in New York will sell packages of
tickets up at Two Hundred and Fifty-second
street. If you go up there you can buy a
package, but you cannot buy them in the cars.
So the practical effect is, that under this law
the horse railroad companies in New York
exact of their passengers one cent and return
to the Government one fourth or one eighth
of it. It seems to me it would be very easy
to collect one cent off the company upon each
fare and have it all paid to the Government.
Then the people would pay no more than they
do now, and the Government would have the
benefit of the tax. Now, in order to get one
eighth or one fourth of a cent to the Govern-
ment, the people are taxed one cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Complaints have al-
ways been made, and some companies try to
evade the law, I have no doubt.
Mr. ANTHONY. Pretty much all the
companies do it in New York. On other
roads it is not so great an inconvenience; but
on a horse railroad fare, twenty per cent, is
added in order to give the Government two
and a half per cent.
Mr. FESSENDPjN. I suppose they try to
evade it. This arrangement was fixed, accord-
ing to my recollection, by my friend from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. These companies are
compelled according to law to sell tickets in
packages for the amount of the fare and the
exact tax.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not like to have the
paternity of anything that does not belong to
me assigned to me. I have not the slightest
recollection of ever having had anything to do
with this matter. So far from it, I would oppose,
if I thought it would avail anything, the whole
proposition. I can see very well that in some
cases, so far as it relates to the railroads in
some States, such legislation on the part of the
Federal Government would be just and wise;
j that is to gay, where the amount that is author-
ized to be exacted from a passenger by a rail-
I road company is fixed by law, and that is the
case in only a few of the States. But I know
no reason why a railroad in my State where
the amount they are authorized to receive is
not fixed by law, but they can make it un-
limited, should not be subject to the same pay-
ment on account of the receipts they receive
as any other corporation.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to in-
sert at the end of the first section of the bill
the following proviso:
Provided, That on and after the 1st day of Sep-
■ tember, 1867, a tax of one cent per pound only shall
■ be levied, collected, and paid on any cotton produced
within the United States.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not interfere with the tax on cotton. The rev-
enue cannot afford it.
' Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to in-
: quire whether that amendment was proposed
by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. ShermanJ who
; is absent?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore,. It wa* moved
, by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.]
Mr. WILSON. I desire to inquire whether
it would be now in order to amend that amend-
ment by inserting "two cents" instead of
" one cent?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
; ment by striking out "one cent" and inserting
i'two cents."
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I will agree to that. I
j am perfectly willing that should be done,
i Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
compromise on that, for I think it is a fair tax.
The price of cotton is considerably lower than
it was when the tax was fixed at three cents,
and there ought to be some reduction; and yet
I suppose the Government cannot afford to
lose the revenue.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to insert
the following additional section:
And be it further enacted, That spirits of turpentine
may be transferred, without payment of the tax, to
  bonded warehouse established in conformity with
law and Treasury regulations, under such rules and
regulations and upon the execution of such transpor-
tation bonds or other security as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
said bonds or other security to be taken by the col-
lector of the district from which such removal is
made; and may be transported from such a ware-
house to any other bonded warehouse established as
aforesaid, and may be withdrawn from bonded ware-
house for consumption on payment of the tax, or
removed for export to a foreign country without
payment of tax, in conformity with the provisions
of law relating to the removal of distilled spirits, all
the rules, regulations, and conditions of which, so
far as applicable, shall apply to spirits of turpentine
in bonded warehouse. And no drawback shall in
any case be allowed upon any spirits of turpentine.
Mr. HARRIS. I am informed that the
operation of this section will be very injurious
to the holders of the article mentioned in the
section, and that it will not be insisted on by
the Finance Committee. I will not, therefore,
go further until I am advised to the contrary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
its being struck out.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ex-
cepted amendments have all been disposed of.
The bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. NYE. 1 move to amend the bill by in-
serting after line eighty-seven of section nine:
Strike out in the paragraph relating to gas the
words "until th 30th day of April, 1867."
This is a question that does not affect the
revenue, but simply a question as to who shall
pay that revenue. By reference to the law in
regard to railroads, steamboats, ferry-boats,
and bridges, passed last year, it will be seen
that the companies were authorized by the pro-
visions of that law to become the collectors of
certain taxes from their passengers, and to pay
them over to the Government. The same pro-
vision was applied in that law to gas companies,
with this condition: that in relation to the gas
companies the privilege of charging the tax to
their customers should exist only until the 30th
day of April, 1867.
I do not desire to occupy the time of the
Senate, and will simply read a little statement
I have before me in regard to the enact condi-
tion of these gas companies. I read the state-
ment of the Manhattan Gas-Light Company in
New York city.
Statement of the Manhattan. Oat Light Company.
There are four gas companies in the city of New
York, namely:
The New York, charging $3 50 per one thousand
feet, company paying tlio tax; Metropolitan, charg-
ing $3 50 per one thousand feet, company paying tho
tax; Harlem, charging $4 per one thousand teet,
company paying the tax; Manhattan, charging 82 ott
per one thousand feet, and additional tax twenty-
tive cents; consequently with tho tax added the con-
sumers of the Manhattan Company's gas pay sev-
enty-five cents per thousand teet less than those who
are supplied by .the New York and Metropolitan
companies, and $1 25 per thousand feet less than
those supplied by the Harlem Company.
The Manhattan is the only company restricted in
price. The limitation was imposed upon a specie
paying basis.
Before the war gas coals were imported from the
British Provinces tree of duty. Now the duty on
the same is 25 per ton.
Before the war the provincial coals were delivered
in New York at five dollars per ton, and coals from
England at $6 371- per ton.
Now, eoal from England costs, delivered, about
eleven dollars per ton, and from Pennsylvania and
tho British Provinces about ton dollars per ton.
This is bituminous or gas coal; anthracite coal will
not mako gas.
Before tho war labor in the gas works could bo had
at thirty-seven dollars per month per man. Now,
the same class of laborers receive 42 50 per day, or
seventy-five dollars per month, while the wages of
mechanics are more than doubled.
All the materials which enter into the construc-
tion of gas works, or the distribution of gas are also
more than doubled in price.
Last year the ManhattanGas-Light Company paid
to the Government for tax on gas sold $286,000, and
for duty on coal imported $100,000 in gold. Its cap-
ital is $4,000,000 all paid, in cash.
It has not paid a dividend in more than a year,
and can never again pay a dividend until the coun-
try returns to specie payments, unless the State ot
New York removes the restrictions imposed in its
charter.
While, therefore, this company pays to the Gen-
eral Government over ten per cent, on its capital, it
does not pay its stockholders one dollar.
The price of the company's stock has been alluded
to as being above par. The explanation is simply
this: many years ago the company purchased a large
amount of real estate, whieh having advanced in
value really makes the stock worth more than par.
The Manhattan Company respectfully asks that it
may be permitted to charge the tax until it can bo
placed on the same footing as other Companies not
restricted and whoso property is not affected by tho
tax. CHARLES ROOME, President.
My amendment is that the Manhattan Gas-
Light Company, of the city of New York, so
far as this section applies to them, shall have
the privilege of collecting the tax from their
consumers after the 30th of April, 1867, as
they have heretofore done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only effect of this
amendment is to allow certain gas companies
who are limited by law by the terms of their
charters as to the price at which they shall sell
gas, to add to that price the amount which they
pay to the Government. Last year the com-
panies made a very strenuous effort to have
that privilege, which was before granted to
them, renewed, and they represented that all
they wanted was to have it continued so that
they might apply to their several Legislatures
to have the restrictions taken off. We accom-
modated them by allowing them to charge the
tax till the 30th of April next, by which time
all their Legislatures will have had a chance
to act. In New York I understand the Man-
hattan Gas-Light Company applied to the Le-
gislature, and the Legislature removed the re-
striction ; but Governor Fenton vetoed the bill.
I do not know whether applications were made
in any other State or not.
I have always been in favor of allowing the
gas companies to charge over the tax in these
cases. I think it is no more than just. W e
allow it in regard to horse railroads, and I
think we ought to allow it in regard to these
corporations who cannot take the advantage
which the railroads do of onr permission. 1 he
