186T.
m® CONGBESSIOKAL GLOBE.
consin insists upon his amendment being in-
grafted, it will I think answer the difficulties
which the Senator from Maine has suggested.
I believe, as I said before, that this question
is more important than any other before the
Senate. I believe that the question is really
between a republic as existing and founded
in ancient,limes, and as defined in the Decla-
ration of Independence, and a system of gov-
ernment by rulers, whether emperors or kings
or a privileged class—it is a question affecting
the preservation of a republic, of liberty, of
independence, of the rights of men. Questions
of finance and of tariffs are of little considera-
tion with me in comparison with a question
which is to determine the perpetuity of repub-
lican institutions founded upon the principles
of the Declaration of Independence.
I see before me many seats vacant. I think
that the importance of the question has not
been properly considered or that would hardly
be so. It is important even as affecting the
dignity of this body alone; and it is proper
that when the Senate sends to the other House
a bill affecting its own dignity, its own rights,
its own privileges, it should send to that body
a measure which it can stand upon, and not
send an imperfect measure whieh I think will
be the result if the bill be passed as it now
stands. As it stands, it separates the heads
of Departments from the general operation of
the bill. Those heads of Departments have,
under laws passed, for a long course of years
been clothed almost with executive power in
matters of appointment and removal, and
therein lies the essence af this whole question.
When you have established a ruie that the
Cabinet officers of this Government must rec-
ognize the power of the Senate, subordinate
officers will be relieved from the pressure that
now unmans them and makes them slaves.
In consideration of these views, sir, I move,
in order that the question may be further con-
sidered to-morrow, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall yield with pleasure
to that motion, but I hope it will be understood
that we shall be ready to stay here to-morrow
till we finish this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, January 16, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntok.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore [Mr. Wash-"
bprxe, of Illinois,] stated as the first business
in order the consideration of House bill No.
543, pending at adjournment last evening, in
regard to reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand there are
several gentlemen who desire to have a morn-
ing hour. I have no desire to interfere with it
if this bill shall come up immediately after the
morning hour, and if the morning hour shall
commence immediately. I can only consent
to that arrangement with the understanding
that the morning hour commences now.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The morning
hour has now commenced, and the first business
in order is the call of tlie committees for reports,
resuming the call where it was last suspended,
with the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
' district court <w skfllth carolina.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which, being a
.call for executive information, was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior bo in-
structed to report to tho House whether any rooms
ar>; provided for the clerk of the oirouit and district
courts of North Carolina, and whetherany legislation
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 32.
is necessary to secure the records of that office, and
what has been the entire compensation of the mar-
shal and clerks of that district daring the last year.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to prepare and report to-this House an
opinion in writing respecting the necessity of obtain-
ing any further sanction to the constitutional amend-
ment than three fourths of the States actually repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
conversion op bonds and treasury notes.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to furnish this House with the infor-
mation required by the provisions of section two of
chapter thirty-nine of the act of the first session of
the Thirty-Ninth Congrtss, approved April 12,1866.
commander aaron k. hughes.
Mr. WARD, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Besolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
authorized and directed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorizing the President to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint. Commander Aaron K. Hughes to the active
list of the Navy.
national life and accident insurance,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
nowresumes the call of committees forreports,
and reports are in prder from the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MERCUR. There Was a bill pending,
reported from the Committee for the District
of Columbia on Friday, when the House passed
from the consideration of District business for
the incorporation of the National Life and
Accident Insurance Company.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. That bill was
upon the Private Calendar and will not come
up again until next Friday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. By unanimous consent
it was taken from the Private Calendar and
considered during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was taken
up by unanimous consent on private bill day,
but if there be no objection its consideration
can be resumed to-day.
No objection being made, the House re-
sumed the consideration of bill of the Senate
No. 290, to incorporate the National Life and
Accident Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When this
bill was last under consideration the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] moved to add,
as an amendment to this bill, the following
proviso:
Provided, That the operation of this company shall
be confined to the District of Columbia.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingek-
soll] offered the following as an amendment
to the amendment: .
Provided, That the operations of thiscompany may
be extended to all the States of the Union, subject to
the laws of the respective States.
The pending question is upon the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order for me to
say a word in support of my amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in
order as the House is dividing.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison
and Ixgisrsoll were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-1-
ayes 51, noes 50.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to Mr.
Allison's amendment as amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think there is some
misapprehension in regard to this amendment.
I offered my amendment as a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] and not as an addition to it.
  —— -w — —
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
advised by the Clerk that it was offered as an
amendment to the amendment..
Mr. INGERSOLL. I intended to move to
strike out the gentleman's amendment and sub-
stitute mine for it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That was not
the understanding.
The question was put upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended; on whieh no quorum
voted.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the bill and
amendments lie upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Inger-
soll and Alltsox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 44.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay 01? bailiffs and criers.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House No. 356, fixing the compensation for
bailiffs and criers of the courts of the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Does this bill
increase the compensation of these officers?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It proposes to do so.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Then I am
against it.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the bailiff and criers who are
required by the marshal or the courts of the
District of Columbia to attend upon the dis-
trict, circuit, or criminal court of said District
shall be paid by said marshal $3 50 per day
for each day's attendance, instead of two
dollars as now provided by law, commencing
the 1st day of January, 1866. The seeond
section provides that so much of the act of
Congress as limits the number of notaries pub-
lic to thirty-five is hereby repealed, and the
superior court of the District of Columbia may
appoint as many as they may deem necessary
for the public convenience.
The nuestion was npon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ROSS. Is not this an appropriation
bill ? If it is it should go to the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not an
appropriation bill; it is a bill to increase sal-
aries, but the appropriation to pay that increase
is not contained in this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And if it was, I can-
not see the wit of raising the point on this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now call the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 38, noes 23; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Inoebsoll and Ecklby to act as tell-
ers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 26.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a
division, there were—ayes 28, noes 29; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore appointed
