1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
I object to the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] because it will
tend to reduce the revenue derived by the Gov-
ernment from this tax. A tax upon cigars of
five dollars per thousand, in my opinion, is not
high enough. I would myself prefer a uniform
tax of ten dollars per thousand, which, I have
no doubt, would yield us more revenue than any
other rate of tax. But 1 find my distinguished
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sohenck,] who fought
that specific rate so vigorously and successfully
at the last session of this Congress, is again
fighting the committee upon the subject at this
session. Therefore, to reach the class of man-
ufacturers in the West, we have provided a
lower rate of duty for those cigars.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the com-
mittee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore (Mr. Orth) having resumed the chair,
Mr. Botcwell reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant
to the order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the^Union generally, and particu-
larly the special ordei'j being House bill No.
1161, amending the existing laws relating to
internal revenue, and had directed him to report
that they had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed without amendment
bills and a joint resolution of the House of the
following titles;
An act (H. E. No. 1140) giving an additional
pension to Samuel Downing, one of the last
survivors of the revolutionary war;
An act (H. 11. No. 1056) for the relief of
Samuel Worster;
An act (II. R. No. 1055) for the relief of
John Moreau, of Machias, New York;
■ An act (H. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedrick;
An act (H. R. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements : ana
_ A joint resolution (H. R, No. 206) in rela-
tion to pensions of the widows of revolutionary
soldiers.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following
titles, with amendments, in which he was di"
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 1045) for the relief of
Darnel Frederick Bakeman, a revolutionary
soldier;
An act (H. R. No. 1058) for the relief of the
minor children of Solomon Long;
An act (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief of
John Grey, a revolutionary soldier; and
An act (H. R. No. 788) to establish and pro-
tect national cemeteries.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan;
An act (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
Charles N. Weiss;
John ST" granting a pension to
No. 512) for the relief of Ken-
nedy O'Brien;
Mrinjol4lnfsio4cuifrantinS a PenSi°n t0
Mrt^tl&fLQo^d^"'1^ a PenSi°n t0
Smibanf(LN0- 658) ^ the re]ief of Mary
Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee, widow
of Alexander D. Smith,, deceased;
An apt (S. No. 556) /or the relief of Caro-
line McGrec, of Green county, Tennessee
widow of Lemuel McGee, deceased nnessee'
AppLton N°' 514^ f°r Ae relief of Charles
* '"">m "
An act (S. No. 594) to provide for the pay-
ment of compound-interest notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. &c., were presented under
the rule, andreferredto the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of H. S. Wen-
ner, A. T. Barnes, and 41 others, citizens of Tiffin,
Ohio, for the repeal of the five per cent, tax on man-
ufactures.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of John G.
"Wilson and others, of Fayette county, Ohio, remon-
strating against reducing the national currency, &c.
, Also, the petition of Darius Waters, and others,
of Fayette county, Ohio, remonstrating against re-
ducing the national currency, &c.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of citizens of Monroe,
Green county, Wisconsin, for removal of the five per
cent, tax on manufactures.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of C. A. Holmes and
others, cigar manufacturers and dealers, praying for
specific tax on domestic cigars.
By Mr.FARNSWORTH: The petition of citizens
of Sycamore, Illinois, lor repeal of five per cent, tax
on manufactures.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of GeorgoE. Steele,
William Steele, E. E. Kirkland, D. B. Spencer, and 18
others, citizens of Homestead, Renzie county, Michi-
gan, praying for inquiry info the official conduct of
Andrew Johnson, acting President of the United
States, and for his impeachment if proven facts shall
justify the same.
By Mr. HISE: The petition of Anthony & Eu-
banks, of Allen and Simpson counties, Kentucky, for
compensation for their property used by the Govern-
ment during the late war.
By Mi*. KASSON: The petition of citizens of Guth-
rie county, Iowa, against further curtailment of the
currency, andagainstfurtherrestrictionson national
bank*?
ByMr.LYNCH: The petition of E.E.Bourne and
others, asking a modification of the postal laws, so as
to allow postage on pamphlets, papers, documents,
and books forwarded to historical societies to be
paid on delivery, and that postage on such pam-
phlets, &c., to suchsocieties be reduced fifty percent.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of H. A. Metcalf,
Esq., of Ontario county. New York, and many others,
praying that the present Congress may pass a tariff
L../x?ub2&llW{y retaining that portion of House
bill No. 718 winch relates to wool and woolens, which
passed the House at its last session.
Also, four like petitions, largely signed, from York,
Livingston county, New York.
By Mr. PERIIAM: The petition of Sally Allen,
widow of Isaac Allen, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of numerous
citizens ot Lake county, Ohio, for an increased tariff
on wool.
B,y1Kr\FPS0?r: The petition of Torriere & Strong
and 1/7 others, citizens of Buchanan, Berrien county,
Michigan, prayuig for tho removal of the five per
cent, tax on manufactures.
Also, the petition of G. L. Askins and 36 others,
citizens ot Allegan county, Michigan, praying for an
amendment of the Constitution, so that there shall
be no inequality recognized by law on account of
race or color.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 15,1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by tho Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
entey and clearance of vessels.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the entry and clear-
ance of vessels at the ports of Booth bay and
St. George, Maine; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo directed
to inform this House what States now represented in
Congress have ratified the amendment to tho Con-
H1 proposed th® several States by theThirty-
K C<?tnfr rf* an4 sent notico of such ratification
to the State Department.in addition to the States
named in his letter of the loth Pebruaw instant
communicated to the House by the President in liis
message of the 6yh instant, in response to a resolution
of the House of the 4th instant, calling for informa-
byVeljtatel ratification of sail amendSt
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
Ihere being no objection, the resolution
was considered and agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The business in order
during the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for reports of a private nature, and the
Committee" of Claims is entitled to another
morning hour. On the last private bill day
the House had under consideration and left*
undisposed of a joint resolution reported by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wash-
burs] from the'Committee of Claims, entitled
"Joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
relief of Almanson Eaton, receiver of public
moneys for the land office at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin." _ The question is on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
proper accounting officers in their Depart-
ments, in settling the accounts of Almanson
Eaton, receiver of public moneys for the dis-
trict of lands subject to sale at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin, shall, upon satisfactory evidence
being made and filed, allow and credit to
Eaton the sum of $2,092 72, the amount of
public money destroyed by fire in the burning
of the offices, books, papers, and public money
of the register and receiver at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin, on the night of December 29,1865.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elizabeth f. chipman.
Mr. WASHBURN, oi Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Elizabeth F. Chipman, widow of
Major Charles Chipman, deceased j which was
read a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, it was
read at length. It proposes to direct the1 Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Chipman
$125, for a horse lost by her husband in the
military service August 18, 1863.
bQl was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon the following, which were laid on the
table: petition of Victor Denver ; petition of
Lord & Eveleth; a bill (H. R. No. 863) for
^r<Tef of Alonz° Hyde; a bill (H. R. No.
723) for the relief of John T. Taylor, late post-
master at Gallatin, Missouri; and joint reso-
lution for the relief of Mary Johnson, of Bel-
mont county, Ohio.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolution of the following titles: when the
Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 206) in relation
die s^ Pensions widows of revolutionary sol-
An act (H. R. No. 452) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 1125) granting an addi-
