498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Messrs. Ingbrsoll and Defrees to act as tell-
ers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes fifty-six; noes
not counted.
So th.e previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered 5 and
under the operation thereof therbill was passed.
Mr. INGrERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 177) to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Company of Washington,
in the District of Columbia.
judicial proceedings in the district.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
sundry amendments, House bill No. 907, to
amend the law of the District of Columbia,
with a recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that no appeal shall be allowed
from the judgment of a justice of the peace
unless the appellant, with sufficient surety or
sureties, approved by the justice, enter into an
undertaking to satisfy and pay the final judg-
ment of the appellate court.
The second section provides that when such
undertaking has been entered into the justice
shall immediately file the original papers, in-
cluding a copy of his docket entries, in the
office of the clerk of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia; and thereupon, as soon
as the appellant shall have made the deposit
for costs required by law or obtained leave
from one of the justices or from the court to
prosecute his appeal without a deposit, the
clerk shall docket the cause and shall issue a
summons for the appellee to appear at the
next trial term of the court, and thereafter
the cause shall be proceeded with in the man-
ner prescribed by the act of March 1, 1823, to
extend the jurisdiction of justices of the peace
in the recovery of debts in the District of Co-
lumbia, except that the appellant need not
file a petition as directed by said act.
The third section provides that if th« appel-
lant fails to prosecute his appeal the appellee
may, upon making the aforesaid deposit for
costs, have the cause docketed and move for
affirmance of the justice's judgment, or he
may have a trial of the case upon its merits.
The fourth section provides that there shall
be no supersedeas or stay of execution of the
judgments of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia otherwise than by injunction.
The fifth section- provides that mutual debts
between the parties to an action, or between
the testator or intestate of both parties, or either
party, may be set off against each other by plea
in bar, whether the said debts be of the same
or a different nature; and if either debt arose
by reason of a penalty, the exact sum to be set
off shall be stated in the plea.
The sixth section provides that the plea of
set-off may be: il That the plaintiff, at the com-
mencement of the suit, was, and still is indebted
to the defendant in the sum of dollars,
for , as appears by the particulars of the
said debt, hereunto annexed; and he is willing
that the same may be set off against the plain-
tiff's demand." And upon the trial of an issue
upon said plea, judgment shall be for the bal-
ance found due, whether to the plaintiff or
defendant, with costs. Mutual judgments re-
covered in said court may be set off against
each other, on motion of either party; and the
court shall award execution for the balance
found due against the party chargeable there-
with.
The seventh section provides that publica-
tion may be substituted for personal service of
process upon any defendant who cannot be
found, in suits for partition, divorce, by attach-
ment, for the foreclosure of mortgages and deeds
of trust, and for the enforcement of mechanics'
liens and all other liens against real or personal
property, and in all actions at law or in equity
which have for their immediate 'object the
enforcement or establishment of any lawful
right, claim, or demand to or against any real
or personal property within the jurisdiction of
the cpurt.
The eighth section provides that no order for
the substitution of publication for personal ser-
vice shall be maae till a summons for the
defendant shall have been issued and returned
"not to be found." And when an order for
publication shall be made, it shall be in the
following or equivalent form:
In the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
the day of , 18—. A B, plaintiff, vs. C D,
defendant. [(At law.) (In equity,) No.  .] On
motion of the plaintiff, by Mr. , his attorney, it
is ordered that the defendant cause his appearance
to be entered herein on or before the first rule day
occurring forty days after this day; otherwise the
cause will be proceeded with as in case of default.
The ninth section provides that all sales duly
made in cases in which publication is substi-
tuted for personal service of process, shall be
good and valid, and shall vest any purchaser
with a perfect title.
The tenth section provides that the proceed-
ing to enforce any lien shall be by bill or peti-
tion in equity, and the decree, besides subject-
ing the thing upon which the lien has attached
to the satisfaction of the plaintiff's demand
against the defendant, shall adjudge that the
plaintiff recover his demanci against the defend-
ant, and that he may have execution thereof as
at law.
The eleventh section provides that in actions
against foreign corporations doing business in
the District of Columbia all process may be
served on the agent of such corporation or per-
son conducting its business aforesaid, and such
service shall be effectual to bring the corpora-
tion before the court.
The twelfth section provides that all laws and
parts of laws in conflict with these provisions
are repealed.
The first amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to add to section four " or upon
proceedings in error to the Supreme Court of
the United States." So that the section as
amended, would read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be no supersedeas or stay of executionof the judg-
ments of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, otherwise than by injunction, or upon proceed-
ings in error to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in section
eleven, after the words "corporation or per-
son conductingits business aforesaid,n the words
"or, in case he is absent or cannot be found,
by leaving a copy thereof at the principal place
of business in theDistrictso that the section
as amended will read as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in actions
against foreign corporations doing business in the
District of Columbia, all process may be servedon
the agent of such corporation or person conducting
its business aforesaid, or, in case he is absent or can-
not be foupd, by leaving acopy thereof at the princi-
pal place of business in the District, and such service
shall be effectual to bring the corporation beforo the
court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
section eleven the following as additional sec-
tions :
Sec. 12. And he it further enacted. That the power
claimed and exercised, as of common right, by every
landlord, of seizing by his own authority the per-
sonal chattels ofhis tenantfor rentarrears, ishereby
abolished; and, instead of it, the iandlordshall have
a tacit Hen upon such of the tenant's personal chat-
tels, upon the premises, as are subject to execution
for debt, to commence with the tenanted and con-
tinue for three months after the rent is due and
until the termination of any action for such rent,
brought within said three months, and this lien may
be enforced, first, by attachment, to be issued upon
affidavit that the rent is due and unpaid, or, if not
due, that the defendant is about to remove the same
or some of said chattels: or, second, by attachment
against the tenant and execution, to be levied on said
chattels, or any of them, in whosesoever hands they
may be found; or, third, by action against any pur-
chaser of any of said chattels, with notice of the lien;
in which action the plaintiff may have judgment for
thevalue of the chattels purchased by tho defendant,
but not exceeding the rent arrear ana damages.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That the declara-
tion in replevin shall be in the following or equiva-
lent form: the plaintiff &ues the defendant for wrong-
fully and unjustly taking and detaining the said
plaintiff's goods and chattels, to wit, of the value of
 dollars; and the plaintiff claims that the same
be taken from the defendant and delivered to him,
or that he may have judgment of their value, and all
mesne profits and damages, which he estimates at
 dollars, besides costs; and at the time of filing
the declaration the plaintiff, his agent, or attorney
shall file an affidavit, sworn to before the clcrk, stat-
ing, first, that according? to the affiant's informa-
tion andbelief the plaintiff is entitled to recoverpos-
session of the chattels proposed to be replevied, being
the same described in the declaration; second, that
the defendant has seized and detained or detains the
same; third, that said chattels were not subject to
such seizure or detention, and were not taken upon
any writ of replevin; and he shall at the same time
enter into an undertaking with surety, approved by
the clerk, to abide and perform the judgment of the
court in the premises.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That if the offi-
cer's return of the writ of replevin be that ho has
served the defendant with copies of the declaration,
notice to plead, and summons, but that he could not
getpossession of the goods and chattels sued for, the
plaintiff may prosecute the action for the value of the
same and damages for detention; or he may renew
the writ in order to get possession of the goods and
chattels themselves. If the officer's return be that
he has taken possession of the goods and chattels
sued for, but that the defendant is not to be found,
the court may order that the defendant appear to the
action by some fixed day, and of this order the plain-
tiff shall cause notice to be given by publication in
some newspaper of the District at least three times,
the first of which shall be at least twenty days before
tne day fixed for the defendant's appearance; and if
the defendant fail to appear the court may proceed
as in case of default after personal service.
Sec. 15. And beit further enacted, That if the defend-
ant appear he may plead not guilty, in which case ail
special matters of defense may be given in evidence,
or he may plead specially.
Sec. 1(5. And be it further enacted, That whether the
defendant plead, andthe issue thereon joined isfound
against him; or his plea is held bad on demurrer; or
he makes default after personal service or after pub-
lication, the plaintiff's damages shall ^ascertained
by the jury trying the issue where one is joined, or by
a jury of inquest where there is 110 issue of fact; and
those damages shall be the full value of the goods if
eloigned by the defendant, including in every case
the loss sustained by the plaintiff by reason of the
detention; and judgment shall pass for the plaintiff
accordingly.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That if the issue
be found for the defendant, or the plaintiff dismiss or
fail' to prosecute his suit, the judgment sha.il be that
thegoods. if delivered to the plaintiff, be returned to
the defendant, with damages, or, on failure, that the
defendantrecover against the plaintiff and his surety
the damages by him sustained, to be assessed by the
jury trying the issue, or, where the plaintiff dismisses
or fails to prosecute his^suit, by the jury of inquest.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That if the de-
fendant has eloigned the things sued for, the court
may instruct the jury, if they find for the plaintiff, to
assess such damages as may compel the defendant to
return the things; and the judgment shall be that
the plaintiff recover against the defendant the value
of the goods as found to be discharged by the^ return
of the things with damages for detention, which tho
'jury shall also assess.
Skc. 19. And be it further enacted, That where asuit
is brought upon an open account, verified by tho
plaintiff's or his agent's affidavit, that the amount
claimed by the plaintiff is justly payable by the de-
fendant to the plaintiff, and the defendant fails to
defend the suit, the plaintiff may have judgment
final by default for said amount, with interest from
the day specified in the declaration, without an in-
quiry of damages. If tho affidavit be made before
an officer of whose authority to administer oaths the
court cannot take notice, his authority must be veri-
fied by the certificate under official sealr if he have
one, of the officer having authority to givo such cer-
tificate.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That whore
money is payable by two or more persons jointly or
severally, as by joint obligors, covenanters, makers,
drawers, or indorsers, one action may be sustained
and judgment recovered against all or any of said
parties by whom the money is payable at the option
of the plaintiff. But an action against one or some
of tho parties by whom the money is payable may,
while the litigation therein continues, be pleaded in
bar of another ac^on against another or others of
said parties.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That in case of
the sale of things, real or personal, under a decree in
equity, the deereo confirming the sale shalldive3t tho
right, title, or interest sold out of the former owner,
party to the suit, and vest it in the purchaser with-
out any convcyance by the officer or agent of tho
court conducting the sale. And of this transfer of
title the decree shall be notico to all tho world when
a copy thereof shall be registered among the land
records of the District. Nevertheless, the court may
order its officer or agent aforesaid to make a convey-
ance, if that mode be deemed preferable in particular
cases.
