1867.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Skc. 22. And be it further enacted. That if the dec-
laration state a cause of action of which the court
has jurisdiction, but the verdiet finds the money pay-
able by the defendant to the plaintiff to be less than
the lowest sum of which the court has jurisdiction,
the plaintiff shall have judgment for the amount
found due to him from the defendant, but without
costs. _ 4
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts of laws in conflict with these provisions
are repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNAED. Mr. Speaker, I will not
detain the House with the details of this bill.
I will simply say that it is, as the House has
observed from the reading, a bill regulating or
defining questions of practice in the courts.
It has been prepared with a great deal of care,
upon consultation with legal gentlemen of this
District. When the District was organized and
the courts first went into operation the old
Maryland practice was adopted. Maryland,
by subsequent legislation, has advanced her
practice; while the practice in the District has
remained in many respects stationary. The
design of this bill is by legislation to make the
practice in this District correspond with the
advanced system of practice prevailing in the
several States. The bill with the amendments
is the result of the joint labors of members of
the committee coming from different States
and familiar with the respective systems of
practice ; and the experience and legal knowl-
edge of the committee have been aided by
information derived from members of the bar
of this District. The bill has been prepared
with as much care as the committee could be-
stow upon it. Now, unless some gentleman
desires to ask me a question, I will call for
the previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I deeire
to ask the gentleman from Tennessee whether
I rightly understand the bill to provide for the
service of original process by publication so as
to bring non-residents within the jurisdiction
of the court without actual notice ?
Mr. MAYNAED. In cases of attachment,
divorce, and when the cause of action is local,
as in case of foreclosure of mortgages, en1
forcing of specific liens, and the like.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this confined to local
action?
Mr. MAYNAED. It is, except attachment
cases for the collection of debts and divorce.
Mr. BROMALL. I ask whether the judg-
ment in those cases operates in personam or
in rem f
Mr. MAYNAED. In cases by attachment
for the collection of debts and of divorce the
judgment would be in personam; in other cases
in the nature of judgments in rem. Not strictly
and technically so, perhaps, for proceedings in
rem, properly so denominated, bind everybody
whether parties or not. The object of this bill
is not to originate, but to regulate, the substitu-
tion of publication for the service of process.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the bill as amended was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
"Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the title of
the bill by adding the words " in relation to
judicial proceedings therein," so it will then
read, "An act to amend the law of the District
of Columbia in relation to judicial proceedings
therein."
The amendment was agreed to ; and then the
title, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion -was agreed to.
GRANT OF THE BIGHT OP WAY.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to extend the provisions of the act
of August 4, 1852, to all rail and plank roads
for the term of five years; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
WASHINGTON COUNTY HORSE RAILROAD.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back Senate
bill No. 380, to incorporate the Washington
County Horse Railroad Company in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with the recommendation it
do pass.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill; but
before it was concluded the morning hour ex-
pired, and the bill went over until to-morrow
morning. &
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the House bill, No. 543, to provide
for restoring to the States lately in insurrection
their full political rights, on which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Ohio
has consented to yield for fifteen minutes to
me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
not take it out of my time ; but I yield to the
gentleman whether it does or not.
Mr. SPALDING-. I object unless it is taken
out. of my colleague's time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iam under obligation to
yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin, and I
am sorry my colleague insists it should be
counted out of my time.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the Clerk to read the
second section of this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, IChat the State
governments now existing da facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and in many
instances the constitutions were adopted under du-
ress, and not submitted to the ratification of the
people, and therefore are not to be treated as free
republics, yet ti$y are hereby acknowledged as valid
governments for municipal purposes until the same
shall be duly altered, and their legislative and execu-
tive officers shall be recognized as such.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote
for the second section of this bill. Unless it
shall be stricken out I shall be compelled to
vote against the bill itself. I am not a little
surprised that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] should be ready volun-
tarily to assume this burden of responsibility
for the anarchy of murder, robbery, and arson
which reigns in these so-called de facto govern-
ments which he proposes to recognize as valid
for municipal purposes. He may be able to
get this fearful burden upon his back, but if he
does I warn him of the danger that the sands
of his life will all run out before he will be able
to shake it off. In this second section he de-
nies that these governments are free republics,
and yet he recognizes them as valid govern-
ments for municipal purposes until "duly
altered." Mark the words: "valid govern-
ments for municipal purposes until duly al-
tered." By whom duly altered? By the rebels
themselves, on their own motion, or by virtue
of congressional legislation? I take it for
granted these governments are to be altered in
pursuance of congressional legislation, either
by virtue of this bill or some other.
But, sir, is the gentleman sure that this plan
of reconstruction proposed by the bill will be
realized in all of these lately rebellious States?
Is he sure that it will ever be realized in one
of them ? Why, sir, unfortunately this bill is
not so framed that it can run alone in the
South. Somebody must vote there. These
constitutional conventions must have members
if they have any existence. Somebody must
frame these constitutions if they are framed at
all. Now, suppose nobody votes there ; sup-
pose no members appear in these constitu-
tional conventions ; suppose no constitutions
are framed; suppose, in a -word, that this
southern horse will not drinks even after the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shall have led
him to water; what then ? Will not the gen-
tleman have found himself in a most unfortu-
nate predicament? lie will have these pirati-
cal governments On his hands voluntarily ro0>
ognized as valid for municipal purposes until
duly altered. He will have gratuitously be-
come a copartner in the guilt which hitherto
has rested upon the souls of Andrew Johnson
and his northern and southern satellites, but
which thenceforth will rest oil his soul also
until he can contrive duly to alter these gov-
ernments. And so it will happen that the
great Union party to which he belongs, and to
which I belong, will become implicated, for
how long a time God only knows, in this un-
speakable iniquity which daily and hourly cries
to Heaven from every rood of rebel soil for
vengeance on these monsters. Sir, I shrink
back appalled at the temerity of this rash
young gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Speaker, I want to know what occasion
there is forany such provision as this in the bill?
Not one single function is assigned by this bill
to these governments which they are to perform
if they are recognized. Why is the gentleman
so anxious to share the responsibility and goilt
of Andrew Johnson? What occasion have we
to recognize these governments at all for any
purpose? They play no part in the drama of
reconstruction which the gentleman has pre-
sented in this bill. Why, then, recognize them ?
What occasion is there for this gratuitous self-
stultification? Why, sir, the diabolical out-
rages perpetrated under these governments
and with their sanction have been daily dis-
cussed in this very Chamber. This Hall has
been for thirty days fairly blue with the smoke
of the righteous wrath and indignation of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and now he
proposes to purify the atmosphere by absorb-
ing all the guilt himself—by taking upon his
own shoulders the burden of this guilt. Mr.
Speaker, I cannot tell what load of sin long
experience may enable the gentleman to stag-
ger under, but I know fall well that my own
shoulders are neither broad enough nor strong
enough to bear up any portion of this guilt.
If twelve or eighteen months ago he had pro-
posed to recognize these governments there
might now be some excuse for him. If he had
done so then, and we should now, in view of the
anarchy which runs riot at the South, upbraid
him for what he then did, he might very well
say to us, "Gentlemen, I did not foresee these
horrors." But now he has actually seen them.
Why, sir, he has made this Hall ring with his
malediction hurled at these pretended govern-
ments ; and he undertakes to make us, as well
as himself, partners in their guilt.
This bill goes into effect in May next, four
months hence. He has waited already more
than twenty months for reconstruction without
recognizing these governments as valid for any
purpose. He can wait for four months longer.
If he cannot, I can. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania often lectures, with or without cause,
my distinguished friend from the Cleveland
district [Mr. Spalding] for wandering away
from the true faith in search of presidential
bread and butter; but, sir, time may disclose
what presidential bread and butter the vener-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania has singly
hidden away here under the second section of
this bill.
Mr. HUBBAED, of Connecticut I under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin to infer
that the venerable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevess] is expected to be appointed
by the President postmaster of some village in
Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE. I have no authentic informa-
tion of that fact, but I think the expectation
might be justified by the second section of this
bill. [Laughter.] Sir, I was about to say that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
might well say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. [Mr. Stevens':] "First cast out the
beam out of thino own eye, and then shalt
thou see clearly to cast the mote out of thy
brother's eye."
I thank the gentleman from the Cadiz dis-
trict of Ohio [Mr, Bingham] for yielding ma
a portion of his time.
