1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
That tho Senate recede from their sectyid amend-
ment, with the following amendment: in line four-
teen, page 1, after the word " elsewhere'' insert "sub-
ject to the laws of the States as aforesaid."
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment, and that the whole of section nine, as amended,
be strieken from the bill.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment, with the following amendments: in line twenty-
seven, page 6, strike out the word "twenty" and
insert "one hundred and fifty;" after the word "dol-
lars" in line one, page 7, insert "in shares of fifty
dollars each;" in line two of same page strike out
the word "twenty" and insert "one hundred and
fifty;" strike out all of the tenth section after the word
" insurances," in line three, page 7.
That the House concur in tho fifth amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendments: in line
four of said amendment strike out the word "Jan-
uary" and insert in lieu thereof the word "Febru-
ary;" after the word "Interior" in line six of said
amendment insert as follows: "a detailed report of
their transactions for the preceding year;" in same
line strike out the word "shall;" in line seven after
the word "some" insert the word "value;" after the
word "Columbia" in lines seven and eight insert
"for at least ten days;" strike out the word "pre-
miums" in lines eight and nine and insert in lieu
thereof the word "profits;" at the end of said Senate
amendment add the following: "together with the
amount of stock subscribed and the amount actually
paid inand the Senate agree to the same.
LOT M. MORRILL,
J. B. HENDERSON,
D. T. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
MARTIN WELKER,
J. VV. CIIANLER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The committee also recommend the follow-
ing amendments to the bill:
On page 2, strike out after the word "upon" in line
five down to and including the word " upon" in line
eight.
On same page, after the word "lives" in line nine
insert "and health."
On page 3, strike out all after the word " that" in
line eighteen over to and including the word "rep-
resentatives," on page 4, line nine.
On page 4, strike out the words "members or" in
lines eleven and twelve.
On same page, strike out all after the word "respon-
sibilities" in line thirteen down to and including the
word "company" in line fifteen,and insert in lieu
thereof as follows: " beyond the amount of stock sub-
scribed by them respectively."
On same page, strike out all of section five.
On same page, strike out the word "members" in
line twenty-five and insert in lieu thereof the word
"stockholders."
On same page, stfike out the words "said deposit
notes or" in lines twenty-five and twenty-six. #
On same page, strikeout the word "thereon" inline
twenty-six, and insert in lieu thereof the words " on
their stock."
Strike out all of section seven on pages 5 and 6.
On page 6, strike out the words * members or" in
line nine.
LOT M. MORRILL,
J. B. HENDERSON,
D. T. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
MARTIN WELKER,
JOHN W. CHANLER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL,
Resolved, That the Senate agree thereto.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the
recommendations of the committee of confer-
ence on the amendments to the text of the bill.
The recommendation of the committee was
unanimously agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
No. 534) to provide for the allotment of the
members of the Supreme Court among the cir-
cuits, and for appointment of a marshal for a
Supreme Court.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 128) authorizing limited part-
nerships in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 264) to grant certain privi-
leges to the Alexandria and Washington Kail-
road Company, in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 470) to authorize the change
of a name;
A bill (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," approved
May 17, 1848;
A bill (S. No. 493) supplemental to an act
to establish the Treasury Department, ap-
proved the 2d of September, 1789 ;
A bill (S. No. 529) to incorporate the How-
ard University in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 570) extending the time for
the completion of certain street railways;
A bill (S. No. 589) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the National Theologi-
cal Institute," and to define and extend the
powers of the same; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for the
relief of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1183)
amendatory of "An act for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead settlement in the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Florida.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 202) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of certain ves-
sels-of-war and steam machinery ;
A bill (S. No. 601) amendatory of an act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, approved May 26, 1864 ;
A bill (S. No. 460) in relation to persons
imprisoned under sentence for offenses against
the laws of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 547) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the reversion
to the United States of the lands granted by
Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point on or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road," approved July 3, 1866 ; and
A bill (S. No. 550) to amend an act entitled
"An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbia," approved
June 25, 1866.
house bill referred. .
The bill (H. R. No. 1183) amendatory of an
act for the disposal of the public lands for
homestead settlement in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Flor-
ida, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
internal revenue.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1161) to amend existing laws relating
to internal revenue.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to renew in the Senate
the amendment which I offered in committee
reducing the tax on whisky. It is to insert
after the word "gallon," in line four of sec-
tion thirteen, on page 29, the words "until the
1st day of October, 1867 ; and $1 50 for each
and every gallon until the 1st day of April,
1868; and after that dat,e for each and every
gallon one dollar."
I think it is the predominant sentiment of
the Senate that the tax upon whisky is too high,
that it diminishes revenue, encourages fraud
and crime from its excess, and that both good
policy and good morals require that the liquor
taxation should be reduced. I have no doubt
that a dollar a gallon would produce a larger
amount of aggregate revenue than the present
high rate of two dollars. The amount of fraud,
perjury, and crime would be greatly dimin-
ished, I have no doubt, by a reduction of the
tax as I have proposed. I admit that it might
be hard and unjust, probably might be ruinous
to those who have large Btocks on hand at the
present time if a reduction was to take place
suddenly and at once; but that is provided for
by my amendment. My proposition is that
the present rate shall continue for six months,
and then the rate of $1 60 a gallon shall con-
tinue until the 1st of April next, and "that after
that time the rate shall be reduced to one dol-
lar. It seems to me that the reduction would
be proper and politic with a view to the reve-
nue, with a view to the morals of the countiy,
and with a view to justice to the dealers in
whisky who have now large stocks on hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote for this
amendment, and I should wish we were not
crowded into so few hours that there is not
time to consider it with deliberation; I think
a great mistake was made when we placed the
tax on whisky at two dollars a gallon. I
thought so then, and I struggled against that
tax as exorbitant and out of all proportion to
the other taxes. Congress, however, thought
differently, and I remember that some members
of this body pretended that our revenue would
be largely increased by doubling the tax upon
whisky. Experience showed that we got very
little revenue for a long time from whisky;
and now we do not get as much revenue as we
should get at one dollar a gallon tax. There
are more reasons than one for this: one is that
the temptation to fraud is much greater when
the tax is two dollars a gallon than when it is
but one dollar. I think the Senator from
Maine said to-day that in tracing back the
frauds it was found that frauds were practiced
even when the tax upon whisky was only sixty
cents a gallon. That is very likely ; but still
the inducement is much greater when the tax
is two dollars a gallon. We should get a larger
revenue by putting the tax at one dollar a
gallon, not only in consequence of making
more whisky pay a tax, but because the quantity
of whisky produced would be very greatly in-
creased. Now, we all know that whisky has
been driven out of all other uses except to
drink. People will buy it to drink whether
you have a tax of two dollars a gallon on it or
one dollar. I do not think it makes much
difference in that point of view ; but the effect
of the high tax has been to drive it out of do-
rtiestic uses and drive it out from the manufac-
turing establishments of the country. They
use some other article which they can obtain
cheaper to supply its place; and I have been
told by manufacturers who used many barrels
of whisky during the week that since this high
tax upon it they have not used a single barrel;
and the consequence is that not as much of it
is produced. A Senator asks if I want to in-
crease its production. Yes I do for manufac-
turing purposes and domestic purposes other
than those of drinking; and 1 do not think
you will reform the morals of the country by
placing a tax of two dollars a gallon upon
whisky. It is an unreasonable tax in my
judgment. It is out of proportion to any other
tax which is levied. We know that a bushel
of corn, which in the State where I reside
costs perhaps no more than twenty-five cents,
makes some four gallons of whisky; and eight
dollars tax is paid upon what the cost of the
material from which it is made is not more
than twenty-five cents—a tax of thirty-two
hundred per cent. There is no such tax upon
anvthing elBe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, it has already
been argued over and over again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it has been ar-
gued, and I think it ought to be argued until we
can reform it. If you want revenue put on a
reasonable tax that can be collected. Is not
the experience of last year enough to satisfy
the Senator from Maine that this two-dollar
tax does not work ? Has he not seen whisky
advertised all over the country at $150 a gallon
when you pretend to collect two dollars a gallon
tax on it? And now you put a clause in the law
that nobody shall sell whisky for less than the
amount of the tax. How easy it will be to
evade that? The nominal price of it may be
equal to the tax, but this provision will be
evaded just as the tax upon the production of the
article is evaded. I wish it was possible to get
the attention and the thought of the Senate
to this question of levying a tax of two dollars
a gallon upon whisky. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the;amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The great objection to
