1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
tional pension to Samuel Downing,* one of the
last surviving soldiers of the revolutionary war;
An act (H. R. No. 1146) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher;
An act (H. R. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements;
An act, (H. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedrick;
An act (H. R. No. 1055) for the relief of John
"Moreau, of Machias, New Yofk ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1056) for the relief of
Lemuel Worster.
mrs. sub murphy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee of Claims to report
back adversely Senate bill No. 413, for the re-
lief of Mrs. Sue Murphy, of Decatur, Alabama.
The SPEAKER. That bill, by unanimous
consent of the House, on motion of the gentle"-
man from Tennessee. [Mr.. Maynard,] was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. It has gone to the
Committee of Claims bv mistake.
Mr. WASHBURN, "of Massachusetts. I
ask that the adverse report also go upon the
' Private Calendar.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also reported adversely
on the following cases; and they were sever-
ally laid on the table: Petition of J. B. Fel-
lows & Co., of Mobile, Alabama, for indem-
nity for forty-seven thousand six hundred and
sixty pounds of cotton sold at New York by
the Government, May 13, 1865, for $14,298 in
gold; claim of George W. Graves and John
Creamer, of Baltimore, Maryland, for com-
pensation for the loss of the schooner Fanny
Davis, &c.; and petition of F. P. Salas, for
return of duty upon imported goods.
Mr. WARD, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases; and the same were laid on the
table: An act (H. R. No. 954) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine and settle
the claim of William M. Ellis & Brother; pe-
tition of William Milner, jr., and others, of
Danville, Montour county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for relief for said William Milner, jr. ; peti-
tion of Reuben Porter and Frederick Schade,
of Tennessee, in behalf of citizens of Ivnox-
ville, for compensation for the loss of a church
destroyed by General Burnside's army ; and
petition of Mrs. Mary A. Filler.
j. t. jackson.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I am directed
by the Committee of Claims to report back
adversely the bill and papers in the case of J.
T. Jackson, and move that they be laid upon
the table.
Mr. RITTER. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. WARD, of New York. It is a claim
for provisions furnished to the Army; in Ken-
tucky. This man Jackson was a resident of
that State, and was directed by the commander
of an organization known as the "Home
Guard" to furnish it with provisions, and this
claim is for compensation for the provisions
so furnished.
Mr. Speaker, I am asked to move that this
case be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DELANO. I hope that will be done, as
the business of that committee will not justify
us in taking up the morning hour with this
matter. ,
Mr. RITTER. I do not see why this should
not be taken up at this time.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I demand the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were ayes
43, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Ward, of New York, and Mr.
Ritter. ,,,
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 75, noes 22.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. RITTER demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Oh, no.
Mr. RITTER. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the committee will
not assign any reason why this case should be
reported on adversely I will call the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes ten.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for tellers.-
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Le Blond and Ward, of New
York.
The House divided; and the tollers reported
—ayes twenty-four.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DELANO. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. There is a large amount of business
in the hands of the Committee of Claims'that
ought to be brought before the House this
morning. The claim that is now occupying
the attention of the House is of but small
amount. The committee have acted upon it;
they may have erred, but they think it is not
meritorious. I beg of the gentleman from Ohio
to allow this to bo withdrawn and go back
to the committee, and let us go on with our
other business and accomplish something this
morning. If that is done I will take the case
in my own hands, hear it patiently again, and
if I can report upon it favorably I will take the
earliest opportunity to do so.
Mr. LE BLOND. One word in explanation
of the course I have taken.
Mr. DELANO. I have no objection to the
gentleman's course. Time is precious.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have no knowledge of
the merits of this case, but the committee have
reported upon it adversely without assigning a
single reason why they do so.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman accept
my proposition?
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I have the floor and I propose to say a word.
There was no desire on the part of the com-
mittee to smother this claim, nor was there
any desire on their part to report against it
without assigning reasons for so doing. _ I
made the report at the request of the commit-
tee, and was about assigning reasons for it
when I was interrupted by the chairman of the
committee with the suggestion that it would
take a great deal of time, that there were more
important matters pressing, and we had better
refer this ease to the Private Calendarin order
that it might come up in its order and be prop-
erly considered.
Mr. RITTER. Does the gentleman yield
to mo? The chairman of the committee agreed
I should occupy ten minutes in explanation of
the bill and then have a vote upon it.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman from
New York will allow that as the shortest way
of getting out of the difficulty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is no bill on the Clerk's table—nothing
but a petition. If it is not a bill it can be
referred to the Committee of the Whole, or
any committee of the House, but it cannot be
passed.
Mr. WARD, of New York. If it is sim-
ply a petition I ask leave to withdraw the
report.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been ordered, it can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent.
No objection being made, itwas accordingly
withdrawn.
mary j. dixon.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely on Senate bill No. 503, for
the relief of Mrs. Mary J. Dixon, of Alex-
andria, in the State of Virginia, widow of the
late Turner Dixon, deceased ; which was laid
on the table.
joseph h. j. rotter.
Mr. McKEE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph H. J.
Rutter, of Baltimore, Maryland; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay_ $500 in full for services rendered
by the claimant in the secret service of the
United States, during the months of April,
May, June, and July, 1861.
Mr. ROSS. I believe that contains an ap-
propriation and will have to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation hill,
and the gentleman having raised objection it
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
alexander f. pratt.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill No. 435, for
the relief of Alexander F. Pratt, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the claimant $530 in full for pursuing
and capturing one Elijah J. Janner, convicted
of counterfeiting United States coin.
The amendment reported by the committee
strikes out $530 and inserts in lieu thereof
$300.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles claeic.
Mr. DELANO, from the Cornmjttee of
Claims, also reported back Senate joint reso-
lution No. 140, for the relief of Charles Clark,
marshal for the District of Maine, with a
recommendation that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, in the
settlement of the accounts of Charles Clark,
marshal of the United States for the District
of Maine, to allow him credit for such sum of
public money as was in his charge as marshal,
not to exceed $3,028, as the Secretary may bo
satisfied was burned in said marshal's office in
the custom-house building at Portland, Maine,
on the 4th of July last.
The joint resolution was then reftd the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabta
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. elizabeth r. smtth.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill No. 4ol, for
the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth R. Smith, with a
recommendation that the same be indefinitely
postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
that the usual practice of the House is to lax
matters upon the table, instead of pursuing
the usual practice of the Senate to indefinitely
postpone them.
Mr. DELANO. Then I move that it be laid,
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, subsequently
said: I move to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill No. 451 was laid on the table. I
make this motion for the purpose of having
the bill referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DEL AN O. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there b.e no objection
the vote laying the bill on the table will b«
regarded as reconsidered, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
There was no. objection > and the hill was
referred accordingly.
