1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
this is that the matter has been tried, and it is
impossible in my judgment to get it through at
"this late period of the session. If I thought it
was possible I might be willing to try the experi-
ment, but it is only embarrassing the bill to no
sort of purpose. The proposition was rejected
in the other House by such a vote as to satisfy
me that it cannot possibly pass. At this very
late period to insist upon it is endangering
what there is in the bill. That is my objection
to it. At another time I might be willing to
try it.
Mr. POMEROY.. I hope there will be no
change in this tax now. When the tax of two
dollars a gallon was put on whisky it was ad-
mitted that for some time at least there would
not be as much manufactured as before, and
perhaps there was not as much; but to change
the law after it has got into operation, when
our system of detecting frauds has just com-
menced working, is yielding the whole ques-
tion, in my opinion. I do not believe that this is
an exorbitant tax. I do not know what use the
article is for except to tax, and I certainly
think it ought to be well taxed. I have not
found that it lessened the consumption, unless
it be for the purposes the Senator from Illinois
speaks of. I do not know what mechanical and
medicinal purposes he alludes to; but for all the
purposes that I have known of it has been used
just as freely and consumed just as much as be-
fore the tax was imposed. Other Governments,
which are a great deal older than ours and
have well-regulated systems of taxation, tax
this article even higher than we do. If the
experience of the English Government is worth
anything to us I think we may follow it at
least in this particular. I am for holding this
tax precisely as it is, having our revenue offi-
cers instructed to execute the law, and having
the most vigilant search into frauds; and let
it be distinctly understood that if this article
is manufactured it shall pay a tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. From my information
on the subject this interest is almost destroyed
now-.
Mr. POMEROY. So much the better.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is certainly not bet-
ter with a view to revenue. When Senators
talk about revenue, that contemplates pro-
duction. Congress has nothing to do with
legislating with a view to a moral reform in
the country. The only object Congress can
have in a tax is to produce revenue, and expe-
rience has shown that the present law does
not produce revenue. It defeats revenue ; it
defeats production. I do not think Congress
has a right to select out a northwestern inter-
est and destroy it. The production of this
article is a matter of profit to the farmers of
the West. If the Senator from Kansas, or
any other Senator, does not want to use it, all
they have to do is to close up their mouths.
It is a matter for a man to consider whether
he chooses to use liquor or not. It is a neces-
sity for many proper purposes, and its produc-
tion is of importance to the State which I in
part represent. This has been an unjust tax
all the while. The proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky is free from the objection which
I suggested the other evening; this proposi-
tion is not likely to destroy the dealers who
hold the article.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is within my personal
knowledge that the consumption of whisky
has been reduced many thousand barrels in
consequence of the tax; I speak of the whisky
entering largely into the mechanical produc-
tions of the country. In lieu of whisky arti-
cles of foreign production have been imported,
and the consequence has been that productions
of foreign countries have taken the place of a
production of our own.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan. Davis, Fowler
Grimes, Hendricks, Nesmith, Patterson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sprasrue, Trumbull, \Vade, and Williams—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Creswell.Dixo'n,
Edmunds, Fesseivien, Fogg, Foster, Harris, Hender-
son, Howe, Kirk wood, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman. Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Conness, Doolittle, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, How-
ard, Johnson, Lane, McDougall, Norton, Riddle,
and Yates—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I renew the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon*,]
to place sewing-machines on the free list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
adopted. It was voted down before, and I
see no necessity for taking up the time of the
Senate by renewing amendments in this way.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to ameud the bill
by inserting after line one hundred and twelve
of section eleven, on page 18, "foundery fac-
ings, when manufactured from coal." It is
the same as stove polish, under a different
name. If stove polish should be exempt from
taxation, this article should be also. I offer
the amondment at the instance of my colleague,
[Mr. Anthony. J
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know any-
thing about it. The clause proposed to be
amended puts on the free list "stove polish or
other manufacture exclusively of plumbago."
Is this made from plumbago?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Stove polish is made from
plumbago; this is made from coal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what it
is or what the extent of the manufacture is.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is very small.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This clause is only
intended to include stove polish for domestic
purposes.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after line one hundred and
thirteen of section nine—
Also in the paragraphrelatingto"copperand brass
tabes, nails, rivets, sheet lead, lead pipes, and shot,"
by striking out the words "sbeetlead,lead pipes, and
shot*' and adding to the said paragraph the words
"on sheet lead, lead pipes, and shot, a tax of one
fourth of one cent per pound."
The only object is to make the tax specific
and certain upon sheet lead, lead pipes, and
shot. It is now five per cent, ad valorem, and
the difficulty is that with unfair manufacturers
the revenue is defrauded. I am sure the amend-
ment I offer will increase the revenue and give
strength to the trade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same provision
was attempted in relation to copper and brass
tubes, and it was found, on examination, that
it would not have the effect.
Mr. CRESWELL. That was an entirely
different article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know they are dif-
ferent articles; but they ought to pay some-
thing. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. CRESWELL. So far as I am informed
by gentlemen familiar with this trade 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we are to put on
every amendment that every interested person
outside solicits we shall never get through.
Mr. CRESWELL. For the life of me I
cannot see why the chairman of the commit-
tee on Finance should object to giving this
article greater certainty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
this will have that effect.
Mr. CRESWELL. The trade think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been found in
regard to other articles that such a provision
cannot be made operative, and therefore the
clause to which I referred was struck out on
the suggestion of the commissioner, and prob-
ably the same objection would apply to this.
•Mr. CRESWELL. I have understood that
was a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course the com-
missioner does not know anything about the
operation of the bill so well as those in the
business! [Laughter.]
Mr. CRESWELL. I suppose we all know
something about it. It may be an entirely
erroneous conjecture.
Mr. .FESSENDEN. I hope Senators will
not continue to offer amendments on mere
suggestions of outsiders. If this course lie per-
sisted in we shall never get through with the
bill.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the effect
of it?
Mr. CRESWELL. The effect is merely to
relieve sheet lead, lead pipes, and shot from
the ad valorem tax of five per cent., and to
make the manufacture subject to a specific tax
of one fourth of a cent per pound. It gives
greater certainty to the tax, and I am sure will
result in a greater product to the Government,
as well as greater certainty to the trade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The commissioner does
not think so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Buckalew,Cattell .Chand-
ler, I rc-well, Davi«, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Nes-
mith, Patterson, Ross, Sprague, Van Winkle, and
Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Howe, Kirkwood, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Stewart, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cragin, Doo-
littie, Fogg, Fowler, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard,
Johnson, Lane, Norton, Nye. Riddle, Saulsbury, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and Yates—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the words ''or of cotton" after
'• wool" where it first occurs in line one hun-
dred and forty-three of section nine, on page
11, and by inserting the words ''or cotton"
after " wool" where it next occurs in the same
lino, so as to make the clause read, ' ■ on manu-
factures of wool or of cotton, or of which wool
or cotton is the chief component material, or
the component material of chief value, two and
one half per cent, ad valorem."
This is a very important amendment, and I
I am very anxious that the Senate should adopt
it. The bill reduces the tax on woolen goods
from five per cent, to two and a half per
cent., and the question naturally arises why
select out woolen goods and not embrace cot-
ton goods? Why this distinction? In Decem-
ber, 1865, I took occasion to suggest to the
Senate that if taxes were left as they then ex-
isted, and if there was no change in the tariff,
the result would be that in six months from
that time your woolen interest would be dead;
and I say to the Senate now, that if they con-
tinue this tax of five per cent, three fourths of
the smaller cotton manufactures of this country
will be prostrated. I hold in my hand a letter
from a southern man who has been engaged in
cotton manufacturing for the last forty years,
and he writes thus:
"If no better can be done, reduce the tax on cot-
ton manufactures to the sauio level as the proposed
tax on woolen goods."
That is, two and a half per cent. He con-
tinues :
"I cannot see wfyy they intend to discriminate.
Dunns all the war the woolen business was much
betterthan the cotton business.^ The cotton business
suffered terribly in this war. We have only had ono
year of good trade, part ot' 1865 and 1866. Now it is
all up with us. Our business is very bad. We havo
immense stocks of goods on hand, made out of liigh-
pneed cotton. On these we shall lose heavily. Our
mills that are not stopped are now working on short
time."
Mr. President, you do not hear any applica-
tion from the section that I have the honor in
part to represent for the reduction of this tax,
and why? The tax as it now exists will drive from
thecountryall the smaller cotton manufactures,
and will throw the business into the ha-.;ds of the
larger establishments, into the hands of monop-
olies, corporations with great capital. This
tax is certain to drive from the country all the
smaller cotton manufactures in Georgia, in the
Carolinas, in Delaware, in New Jersey, and
in Pennsylvania, even-where where they exist,
and in their stead to build up the great manu-
facturer. If that is the desire of the Senate,
that those who are great already shall be
greater, let them continue this tax. Why,
sir, the tax of three cents a pound on raw cot-
