1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
1941
ton, and of five per cent, upon the manufac-
tured article, amounts to just about as much
on all the heavier articles of goods as the price
of cotton was before the war. Who pays this
great tax ? Where does it rest ? It rests upon
the men who obtain a dollar and a quarter a
day for their wages; it is paid by the people
of those States with great populations, the
masses of whom receive small compensation
for their labor. Sir, there is nothing in the
whole list of taxable articles that bears one
half the amount of tax that cotton manufac-
tures do this day.
When it is recollected that the price of cotton
is three times what it was before the war, it
must be plain to Senators that a five per cent,
tax upon the manufactured article is three
times as much taxation as the corresponding
rate would be upon any other article similarly
situated. Take wool, if you please, by way
of comparison. The price of wool to-day is
not very much greater than it was before the
war. A. tax of five per cent., therefore, upon
woolen manufactures would not bear more
heavily than the same tax would have done
before the war, whereas that tax upon cotton
manufactures bears with three times the weight
it would before the war. Sir, the women and
■children will bear this burden, your sewing-
girls. your housemaids, those who work for
their daily living, and whose compensation is
small. The taxation is out of all proportion
to that upon any other interest that I know of 5
and the result will be, as I have said before,
to destroy and lay prostrate the smaller estab-
lishments. It seems to me the Senate should
be warned in time. The great concerns can
live and prosper; they can live when they get
a profit of one half of one cent a yard ; but
no small concern can live a day upon that com-
pensation. This tax will prevent the further
running of every small mill in this country.
It may be asked why I should be interested
in maintaining the smaller establishments. I
was requested in 1857 to devise a course of
policy that would prevent the banks from sus-
pending, and it was in so many words stated,
*' We will destroy all the smaller interests, all
the small people in this business with you and
me." But, sir, that will not do in this coun-
try, and it will not do in any country. You
cannot concentrate a monopoly of the cotton
manufacturing interest in this country; and if
there are any large interests who have used this
bill as a means for carrying out that state of
things they will destroy themselves, for they
cannot collect such an interest as this in one
locality; and when they attempt to drive this
hard bargain, when they attempt to destroy and
drive from the business operations of this coun-
try the smaller interests, they are at the same
time striking a blow at themselves, and they in
their turn will be served in the same way.
I know as certainly as I stand here that those
who advocate the continuation of this tax advo-
cate it for the very reason that they desire to
crush out the smaller interests. The gentle-
man from whose letter I have read is a gentle-
man of Delaware, who stands as high as any
other man in this country, and he says that their
mills which are not stopped are to-day running
upon short time. The small mills engaged
upon heavy articles of cotton production are as
certain to be driven out of the business of this
country as that this tax remains.
No commodity in the history of the world
during the last five years has ever experienced
such great embarrassments as this; none has
been cultivated at such great expense; upon
no article has there been such great loss ; upon
110 article in the history of manufacturing has
there beqji such a great risk run by those who
engaged in it as has been run by those who have
devoted themselves to the cultivation and the
manufacture of cotton ; and yet to-day you con-
tinue a war tax when it is self-evident that two
thirds of those engaged in it must stop if the
tax continues.
I said a year ago last December, considering
the exorbitant tax upon woolens which led to
the importation of woolen goods into this coun-
try, that before six months expired that interest
would be prostrated. That remark has been
verified ; and after that great interest has been
prostrated what is now proposed? My honor-
able friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] comes
in with a bill specially to protect them after
they have been destroyed. ■ If they attempted
to-day to sell the product they have on hand
and the machinery and the buildings that they
have erected for the manufacture of that prod-
uct three fourths of them could not pay fifty
cents on the dollar. The same course is now
being pursued toward the cotton interest. This
bill reduces the tax on woolen goods to two
and a half per cent. Now, what 1 ask of the
Senate is, that they shall pause before they
destroy the cotton interest. Take the matter
in time, take warning from the fate of the
woolen interest, and avert the disaster which is
as sure to come as that Senators sit in their
chairs. The woolen interest was prostrated
because prompt legislation was not had when
the Senate and the country were warned of the
impending danger. Now, you propose to con-
tinue a war tax upon an interest which stands
exactly as the woolen interest stood a year ago.
I have been pleased by the communication
from which I have read, sent to me by a man
who has been engaged in this business for forty
years. I have been desirous of exposing the
selfish policy of those great monopolists, those
great corporations, who would absorb every
interest into their own hands ; and I desire to
tell them that never with my help shall they
be forwarded in their designs.
Why, sir, there is in the woolen bill which
we had before us one of the most nefarious,
the meanest, the most detestable designs for
that particular interest that I ever heard or
read of. A great interest that combines within
itself more capital than forty of the smaller
cotton mills that we now desire to help, who
are making millions of money to-day, come in
here in this woolen bill for additional protec-
tion and additional law, that they may con-
tinue to thrive and to overshadow all the other
interests. By the very greatness of. their own
they would absorb and destroy all around
them.
I do not want to take up the time of the Sen-
ate on this matter. I feel a deep interest in
this question. I know that if this tax is contin-
ued as it no w is the smaller manufacturers of cot-
ton in the middle and southern States must go
to the wall. We have but very few small manu-
facturers in my own section of the country ; but
in the middle and southern States they have
begun to show themselves, and have gained a
foothold and gained strength; but all that are
engaged in the manufacture of heavy goods
must stop, and the revenue that you expect
now from these manufactures will cease to
exist. I think justice to the localities where
these establishments are located requires you
to pause in this course of legislation.
If the interest which I am seeking to benefit
were confined to Rhode Island, the Senator
from Maine and the Committee on Finance
might attack it as they chose ; but if they will
look into the State of New York they will find
that it has more cotton interests than all of
New England. Go into New Jersey, and they
will find this interest distributed in almost
every town. Go into Delaware, and they will
find forty or fifty of these smaller mills. Go
into Maryland and into South Carolina and
Georgia, and they will find them there. When,
hereafter, they find that the continuation of a
burdensome tax has compelled the suspension
of all these establishments they will ask what
is the reason of this; who has done this ?
Sir, I have done my duty when I have warned
the Senate that the effect of this burdensome
tax, of this war tax in time of peace, will be
the destruction of this interest. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I wish- to say one
word. This will take about six millions from
the revenue, and I do not know how the Sen-
ator proposes to make it up.
Mr. SPRAGUE. And the result of contin-
uing the tax will be to destroy forty millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot destroy
$40,000,000 of revenue, because we do not get
that much revenue from it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Forty millions of prop-
erty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appreciate the very
disinterested efforts of my friend in behalf of
New Jersey, Delaware, Georgia, and South
Carolina, and I dare say they do; but in my
judgment we cannot afford to strike off this
revenue. If, as my friend from Rhode Island
says, the continuation of this policy will be
advantageous to the large establishments, we
had better continue it and put something in
his pocket. He admits that a very large por-
tion of them are doing very well, and can make
money. It is perfectly well understood that
the cotton interest is not suffering, and we can-
not afford to part with these $6,000,000 of
revenue just now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Maine asks where this tax is to be made
up from. That very same argument was used
in reference to whaft I considered a perfectly
fair amendment in regard to the leather inter-
est. Since that vote was taken the revenue
has been increased $6,000,000 by an increased
tax of one cent per pound on cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, a decrease of one
cent.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon. The vote that has been taken
has raised the tax from one cent to two cents.
The revenue from raw cotton last year at three
cents was $18,000,000 ; so that the increase
from one cent to two cents makes a difference
of $6,000,000. Therefore the $6,000,000 of
which the Senator speaks has been made up
since that vote was taken. Now, sir, looking
at the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
I find that the estimate was that the expendi-
tures of the Government for three quarters of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, were
estimated to exceed $112,000,000 beyond the
receipts. The result was widely different. The
receipts exceeded the estimates $89,000,000,
making a difference of $289,000,000 between the
estimates and the result. I believe that if we
follow this policy of laying heavy taxes on cot-
ton and on all the manufacturing interests of
the country, while we seem to be perfectly
regardless of protection, of protecting our labor
from foreign competition, we shall reduce our
manufacturing interests to a position in which
they will be unable to pay any tax. I know
from information that comes to me that our
factories are now being closed. Where shall
we then look for our revenue? I hope that
the amendment which has beep proposed will
be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We put glass into the
free list for the benefit of New Jersey. I really
think my friend ought to be content with that,
and not seek to throw off the revenue on cotton
goods.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12,-<iays23; as lollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Creswelt, Davis, Fogg,
Frelinghuysen, Howe, McDougall, Nesmith, Patter-
son, Ross, Sprague, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Cragin, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Hendricks, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Ramsey,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willev. Williams, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell.Con-
ness, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Howard. Norton, Poland, Pomeroy, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, and Sherman—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, its title
was amended by adding the words " and for
other purposes."
town sites on public lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment ot the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 532) for the
