1967,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
I see in the legislation thus attemptedto be in-
itiated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania the
inauguration of that movement,.and I for one
stand here to enter my protest against it. Let
the future safety of this Bepablie—I ask it in the
name of my afflicted country—rest upon guar-
antees embedded in the Constitution by the
sovereign act of the people, and not upon
repealable acts of Congress - or parchment
contracts entered into by Congress with insur-
gent and disorganized States. I submit with
all confidence that what is contemplated by
the gentleman's bill is to patch up a restora-
tion by the usurpation of powers which do not
belong to the Congre.ss of the United States,
induce the people to fling aside the constitu-
tional amendment, and thereby subject the
future of this Republic to all those dread calam-
ities which have darkened its recent past.
Mr. Speaker, I may be pardoned, before I
proceed further with the consideration of these
bills, if I attempt in a few short words to fortify
what I have said of the power of Congress to
present the pending amendment, the power
of the loyal organized States here represented
to ratify it and make it part of the Constitution
of the United States, and the power of Congress
in the mean time to protect person and prop-
erty in these insurgent States. May it not be
safely affirmed that the American naiionalitv
as a political organization never existed an
hour but by means of organized State govern-
ments 1 Your Constitution began to be through
that instrumentality, and it has continued to
be through that instrumentality. I do not lose
sight of that other fact, that, notwitfistanding
the division of this people into States under
the Constitution, they are nevertheless one
people, with one Constitution, one country, and
one destiny. But still, sir, their political power
as one people is primarily exercisable under the
Constitution of the United States only through
and by organized constitutional State govern-
ments. There can be no representative body
of the people of the United States in Congress
save through organized State governments and
elections therein held. There can be no sen-
atorial body of the legislative power of this
nation save by the direct act of legislative
assemblies in organized States. There can be
no election of a Chief Magistrate of the United
Slates save through electors appointed in such
manner as the Legislature of the respective
States may direct, and in default of an elec-
tion by the State electors the election can only
be had by the Representatives of States of the
United States in the House of Representatives
voting by States, the Representatives from each
State having but one vote.
This being so, it necessarily results, not-
withstanding the strange utterances that have
been heard in another place from a distinguished
Senator, thats^he people of organized States
of the Union who maintain their constitutional
relations to the Government of the United
States, and only the people of such organized
States of this Union, are the liationA This
proposition has of late been denied, I regret
to say, in the interests of those who lately
waged war against the Government. I repeat,
there is no American nationality without States
of the Union duly organized and maintain-
ing constitutional relations to the .Government
of the United States in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States. It there-'
fore must be that when in the late rebellion
the people of the insurrectionary States organ-
ized conspiracy and took up arms against the
Government of the United States, thoughthey
felled, thank God, to overturn the fabric of
American empire, though they failed to sweep
away the supremacy.of the American Consti-
tution, though they failed to denationalize the
American people, and to blot that people from
the map of nations^hey did succeed in overturn-
ing their own local constitutional State govern-
ments; and thenceforward to this moment
(except in restored Tennessee) they had and
have no power to legislate upon any subject
affecting the life, liberty, or property of an
American citizen\save by the sufferance of the
American nation represented in the Congress
of the United States. The rights of a people
to be recognized as such and to act as such can
only exist under Legal organizations. To use
the words of Burke:
*' When men, therefore, break up the original com-
pact or agreement which givesits corporate form and
capacity to a State, they arenolonger apeople; they
have no longer a corporate existence; they have no
longer a legal coactive force to bind within, nor a
claim to be recognized abroad. They are a number
ofvague, loose individuals, and nothing more. With
them all is to begin again. Alas! they little know
how many a weary.step is to be taken before they
can form themselves into a mass which has a true
politic personality."—Burkes Works, vol. iii, p. 82.
The conclusion is irresistible that the rebel
States by their rebellion ceased to possess the
power or legal coactive force for local State gov-
ernment. -.When a State of this Union becomes
thus disorganized the power of government
therein is exclusively in the Government of the
United States. - The jurisdiction of the United
States Government within the limits of this
Republic is nowhere, either by the letter of
the Constitution or by any intendment of
the Constitution, limited or restricted for the
general purposes of legislation except by the
presence of an organized constitutional State
government. It therefore is that, from the day
treason did its work in South Carolina to this
hour, the legislative power of the United States
was as exclusive within the State of South Car-
olina as it is this moment within the District
of Columbia. So it must remain, and so it will
remain until South Carolina is restored to her
constitutional relations with this Government
by the reorganization of a constitutional State
government acceptable to the American peo-
ple and made valid by the approval of Con-
gress.
-,Tf this be so, Mr. Speaker, it follows that
this Congress of the United States had full
power, without the consent and against the
consent of every insurrectionary State in this
land, to propose the pending amendment to the
Constitution to all the organized States of this
Union for ratification.^ There is, there can be,
in my opinion, no question of this.-. But it does
not follow from this that the people of each of
those States may not reorganize their loeal State
governments destroyed by their rebellion, and
ratify the pending amendment with the consent
of this Government,- The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] pronounced this
absurd.
Sir, the joint Committee on Reconstruction
held otherwise when they reported the bill
which I have read, and therein provided that
whenever the amendment shall have become
part of the Constitution, and any State lately in
insurrection shall have ratified the same, &c.,
such State should be entitled to representation
in Congress. The framers of our Government
also differed from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in this behalf. When this Govern-
ment was organized under the Constitution,
there were but eleven States in this Union.
North Carolina and Rhode Island were not
members of it. They were not represented in
that First Congress which organized in 1789 in
New York. They had no voice in the election
of the first Executive of the nation. They were
not in the Union or of the Union. Yet, sir,
after this Government was organized, after the
Congress had enacted laws, and especially the
judiciary act, these States not in the Union, or
of the Union, did ratify and accept the Con-
stitution of the United States, and thereupon
were admitted to representation in Congress.
Upon their admission in June, 1790—a year
after the first meeting of Congress-—by special
enactments the judiciary act of the United
States was extended to each of those new States,
the Congress thereby confessing thatorganized
States not in the Union or of the Union might
ratify the Constitution, and, by Congress sub-
sequently assenting thereto, the ratification be-
came valid upon the admission of such States
to representation. It is no answer to say they
were original States, and might ratify by force
of the Constitution itself. The provision of the
Constitution conferring power on the original
States to ratify only applied to such of the
States, not less than nine, as ratified before
the Constitution was established and the Gov-
ernment organized under it. Hence it was
that when those two States were admitted after
the Government had been organized the pre-
vious legislation of Congress was extended over
them.
^ To ratify a constitutional amendment is the
exercise of the power of a State of the Union.
So also is the election of Representatives and
Senators of the United States. Many of the
States now in the Union exercised powers of
States before admission and preparatory to
their admission as States. They formed con-
stitutions of State government, elected Legis-
latures, chose Senators, which, under your
Constitution, can only be done by a Legisla-
ture of a State. The moment the Congress
of the United States, by admitting into the
Union these new States, affirmed what was thus
done by them in advance of their admission,
and thereby those acts become as valid as any
lawful acts done by them as States after their
admission. If Congress had rejected the new
States of course their acts as States were void
and of no effect. >
So I submit the people of the insurrectionary
States may proceed with the work of reorgan-
izing State governments, the formation of a
constitution, the election of a Legislature, and
the formal ratification of the constitutional
amendment and all that they do in that behalf
may by the subsequent act of the national
sovereignty by resolution be made valid.
Let those States ratify the amendment, and
thereby give some evidence of a fitness and
desire to be restored to the equal powers of
organized States in the Union.
Instead of discouraging them as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania proposes, and denying
them the privilege even of petition for admis-
sion, let us stand upon the declaration of the
joint committee that those disorganized States
may ratify the amendment and that they ought
to ratify it. Yet I reaffirm distinctly here, and
do not wish to be misunderstood about it,
that those insurrectionary States have no power
whatever as States of this Union, and cannot
lawfully restrain for a single moment that great
body of freemen who cover this continent from
ocean to ocean, now organized States of the
Union and represented here, in their fixed pur-
pose and undoubted legal-right to incorporate
the amendment into the Constitution of the
United States.
But, say some, there are two departments of
the Government against this asserted power of
the people of the organized States, the execu-
tive and judicial. My answer is, neither of these
departments has any voice in the matter—no
right to challenge the authority of the people.
I have no concern or. care for any influence
which the President may seek to exert. He
is powerless with the people. He, can in no
way reverse their final judgment. But we are
told the Supreme Court of the United States
will strike down this amendment, if ratified by
three fourths of the organized and represented
States and declared dnly ratified by authority
of an act of this Congress.
I do not share in the fears thus expressed.
That supreme tribunal of justice has no power
in the premises. It is not a judicial question;
it is a political question in the decision of which
the Supreme Court can in nowise interfere.
Gentlemen might as well claim that the Su-
preme Court might inquire into the question
whether the State of Ohio, for example, is one
of the States of this Union. That is a question
decided by the sovereignty of the nation iti Con-
gress assembled, and when so decided the de-
cision is final and conclusive upon every judi-
cial tribunal in the land, Federal and State.
The Supreme Court of the United States ft)
undertake to adjudge the power of Congress
to propose a constitutional amendment and the
power of the people to affirm it i /A. Congress
competent to enact laws is competent to pro-
pose amendments to the Constitution, and the
States competent to elect ft lawful Congress
