1266
THE CON GBESSION At GLOBE.
February 15,
tho case of any such soldier, sailor, or rnarine.clis-
charged rom the service on account of wounds re-
ceived in battle, or while engaged in tlus line of his
duty, the said allowance of bounty shall? e computed
and paid up to the end of the term of service for
which his enlistment was made; And in case of the
death of any suoh soldier, sailor, or marino, while in
the service, or m ease of Ijis death after thedischarga
and before the end of his term of enlistment, if dis-
charged on account of boing wounded, as provided,
the allowance and payment shall be made to his
widow if she has not been remarried, or if there be no
widow, then to the minor child or children of the
deceased who may be under sixteen years of age.
Sec. 2. Andbeil further enacted, That in computing
andascertainingthcbountyto bo paid to any soldier,
sailor, or marino, or his proper representatives, under
the provisions of this act, there shall bo" deducted
therefrom any and all bounties already paid, or pay-
Hblo under existing laws, by the United States, or by
any State, county, city, town, or other municipal
organization, or by any voluntary association, so that
in no case shall the aggregato amount of bounty
allowed and paid fromall soufces oxcecd eight and
one third dollars for oaeh month of actual faithful
service, or at the rato of $100 per year. And in tho
caso ot any sailor or marine to whom prize money
hns been paid, oris payable, thoamountof such prizo
money shall also bo deducted, and only such amount
of bounty paid as shall, together with such prizo
money and any other bounty paid or payable by tho
United States, or by any State, county, city, town,
or ot her municipal organization, or by any voluntary
association, amount in tho aggregate to tho sum
allowed by this act.
bee. 3. Ami be it further enacted, That no bounty,
under tho provisions of this act shall be paid to or
on aeeonnt of any soldier, sailor, or marino who
s&rved as a substitute in cither the Army or Navy, or
who was a captured prisoner of war at the timoof
his enlistment, nor to any ono who was discharged
on his own application or request, prior to tho 9th
day of April, 1865, unless such discharge was obtained
with a view to rcenlistiiient, or to uccopt promotion
in the military or naval servicoof the United States,
or to bo transferred from ono branch of tho military
servico to another, and such potson did actually so
reonlmt or aceept promotion, or was so transferred.
And no bounty shall bo paid to any soldier, sailor,
or marine discharged on tho application or at tho
rciiiiostol'paronts, guardians, or other persons, or on
tlie giound of minority.
Six*. -I. Ami be d further cnactcd. That oveiy peti-
tion or implication for bounty mado unilcr tho pio-
visiona ot thisactshalldiselosoand statospo* iiically,
under oath, and under the pains mid punalties of
perjury, what amount of bounty, either from tho
United States or from any other source, and what,
amount of prize money, if any, has been paid or is
payable to the soldier, sailor, or marine, by whom or
by whoso representatives tho olaim is mado.
Sua.5. Aii'llw it further enacted, Thatwhoiiovorap-
plie.ition shall bo lundo by any claimant, through any
attorney or agent, tho post office address of tho
claimant sliull bo furnished, giving tho name of tho
comity and Slate in -which it is situated, and tho
amount of commission or feo which tho atiorney or
agent is to receive lot-liis service in thosottlemontof
the claim, which chargcs m no caso shall exceed tho
sum of live dollnis; nndeveiy such application shall
bo accompanied hy tho written affidavit ot'theattor-
noy or agent, that ho has not charged nor agreed
for, and will net accept, more than such sum of five
dollars for his sorviecs in tho esse. Tho Paymaster
General orproporaecounting ollieeroi'tho Treasury,
upon ubeoi'tninniK the amount due, shall cause to bo
transmit ted to such claimant thoi'u 11 amount t hereof,
less tho fee to bo paid to tho uttonioyor agent, which
fee shall be pa id to t ho said attornoy or axont in per-
son, or irao..nuttcd to suoh address as tho attorney
may direct.
Sue. ti. And le.it further enacted, That, any attorney
or agent who shall receive from any claimant, a sum
creator than live dollars for tho prosecution of any
claim under t.lio provisions of this act, upon convic-
tion I hereof, shall pay a line not to oxeced tho sum
of $l,uuo, or imprisonment, for a term not less than
one year, or both, as tho court or jury may adjudge,
and shall be forever thereafter excluded from pros-
ecuting claims of any nature whatever against tho
Government of the United States.
Si:u. 7. And be it farther enacted, That in ease the
payments shall bcmadcin thefonn of acheck,order,
or draft upon any paymaster, national bank, or Gov-
ernment depository in or near the district wherein
the clnimanfmay reside, it shall bo necessary for tho
claimant to establish, by Iho affidavits of two cred-
ible witnesses, that he is Uio identical person named
therein; but in no ease shall such checks, orders, or
drafts bo made negotiable until after suoh identi-
fication.
Stic. 8. Ami he it further enacted. That it shall not bo
iawlul mr any soldier, sailor, or marino to transfer,
assign, barter, or sell his discharge, linal statement,
descriptive list, or other papers, for the purposo of
transferring, assigning, bartering, or selling any in -
tei'"st m any bounty under tho provisions ot this act;
arid all such transient, assignments, barters, or sales
heretofore made are hereby declared null aud void as
to any rights intended so to be conveyed byanysuclx
soldier, sailor, or marino.
(Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That, in any case
whero a person entitled to receive payment of bounty
under the provisions ol this bill shall make applica-
tion theretor, or w.iero suoh application shall bo
made by the proper .opresentatives of suek person,
being deceased, and tho discharge of suoh person has
been lost, it shall be competent for the accounting
officers to receive, in lieu of the actual production or
suoh discharge, proof of the actual loss of the same
and secondary proof of its issue and contents, to-
gether with proof of the identity of the claimant or
person deceased, under such rules defining the char-
acter and lortn of the evidenoe as the Paymaster
General shall prescribe.]
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That no adjust-
ment or payment of any claim of any soldier, sailor,
or marine, or of his proper representatives, under the
provisions of this act, snail be mado unless the appli-
cation bo filed within two yoara from the passago of
tho act; and the settlement of accounts of deceased
soldiers, sailors, and marines shall be mado in tho
samo manner as now provided by law.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That sections
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen of an
act making appropriations for sundry civil oxponses
of tho Government for the year ending June 30,1867,
and for other purposes, approved July 28, 1866, are
hereby repealed; but if any money shall have been
paid to any person under the provisions of said sec-
tions so repealed, tho amount thereof shall be de-
ducted in oach case by the proper accounting officer
from any sum to be allowed under this act. And any
application mado for allowance of bounty under the
said act of July 28, 1866, with all tho ovidence and
papers submitted therewith, shall bo taken and con-
sidered as filed under tin) requirements of this act.
and shall bo used horcunder for tho benefit of tho
applicant, as far as tho same may bo applicable.
Mr. SCIIENCIt. For convenience I will
ask that the bill, with the amendment reported
by tho committee, be regarded as together
forming the bill to be acted on by the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCIIENCK. By the intervention of a
vast amount of business we have been kept
so long from the consideration of this bounty
bill that it may be well for me to inform gen-
tlemen that they will find tho bill upon their
files as House bill^No. 83G, Printer's number
"07. _ As f intend to occupy but a portion of
my time, I will slate in the first, place, by way
of explanation, that this bill is precisely the
one which was reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs to the Honso at its last session,
passed by tho House and sent to the Senate.
It did not receive tho f'avorablo action of the
Senalo, or perhaps any action at all in that
body. Subsequently the same bill was passed,
with the section stricken out which provides
for taking into account local bounties to sol-
diers, in determining what shall be done in
order to equalize their bounties; and that was
made its an amendment to the appropriation
bill. It was not agreed to by the Senate. Sub-
sequently there was passed, as an amendment
to an appropriation bill, some four or five sec-
tions, providing additional bounties to soldiers;
which sections constitute the present law upon
that subject. This bill, then, is precisely the
bill first reported, and matured by various
amendments, and which passed the House at
the first session of this Congress, with two
additions, which I will now indicate to the
House. Tho first is tho ninth section of this
bill, which is as follows:
Sec. 0. And be it further enaeted, That in any oaso
where a person entitled to rocoivo payment of bounty
under tho previsions of this hill shall make applica-
tion thnrot'or, or where such application shall be
made by tho proper representative of sueli person,
being dcooosed, aud tho dtschargo of suoh person has
been lost, it shall bo competent for tho accounting
officers to rocoivo in lieu of tho actual production of
such discharge, proof of tho actual loss of tho samo
and sooonilnry proof uf its issuo and contents, to-
gether with proof of tho identity of tho claimant or
person deceased, under such rules dofining tho char-
acter and form of tho ovidonco as tho Paymaster
Genoral shall proscribe.
The other amendment is one which is in-
tended to adapt this bill to the condition of
things which will exist by the repeal of the
present law, should this bill become a lay. It
is as follows:
SlCC. 11. And be it further enacted, That sections
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen and sixteen, of
an act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government lor the year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes," approved Julv 28,
1866, are hereby repealed; but if any money shall
have been paid to any person under tho provisions
ofs.iiil sections so repealed, the amount thereof shall
be deducted in oaeli case by tho proper accounting
officcr from any sum to bo allowed under this act.
And any application mado for allowance of bounty
under tho said act of July 23,1886, with all the "evi-
dence and papers submitted therewith, shall be
taken and considered as filed under the requirements
of this act, and shall be used hereunder for the bene-
fit of the applicant as far as the samo may be appli-
cable.
The object of this is manifest. "While we
propose to repeal the existing bounty law, con-
stituting a part of the appropriation law of last
year, there is a provision that whatever may
have been already paid under that law in- any
case shall be taken into account in any adjust-
ment of bounty *nade under this bill, if it should
become a law; with the further provision, in
order to save expenses to applicants, that
whatever papers they may have filed under that
law, so far as they are applicable, may be used
under this, if it becomes a law, without the ap-
plicants being compelled to renew their appli-
cation, and being thus subjected to additional
expense.
Here, then, is presented for the considera-
tion of the House the bill which met its ap-
proval in the first session of this Congress, and
which we think ought then to have received the
assent of the Senate and become a law. In-
stead of this, however, we have upon our stat-
ute-book another law on the subject of boun-
ties, resting upon an entirely different principle.
This bill is one proposing to equalize to a cer-
tain degree the bounties of soldiers. The law
as it now standi does not propose any equal-
ization of bounties, but provides for additional
bounties to be given to those who have already
received, or are by law entitled to receive, cer-
tain bounties. For instance, the twelfth sec-
tion of the appropriation law, the first section
having any relation to the subject of bounties,
provides:
"That each and every soldier who enlisted into tho
Army of tho United States after tho 19th day of April,
1861, for a poriod of not less than throe years, and
having served tho time of his enlistment has been
honorably discharged, and who has received, or is
entitled to receive, from tho United States, under ex-
isting laws, a bounty of $100, and no more; and any
such soldier onlisted for not less than throe years,
who has been honorably discharged on account of
woumls rccoivcd in tho lino of his duty," &c., "shall
bo paid tho additional bounty of $100 hereby author-
ized."
Tho next section provides that any soldier
who has enlisted for a poriod of not less than
two years, who has received or is entitled to
receive under existing laws a bounty of $100,
shall bo entitled to fifty dollars additional.
Thus it will be perceived that the present
law is not a law for equalization at all. It is a
law for granting additional bounties to those
who have received or are already entitled to
receive certain bounties. Tho bill which we
propose differs from this in principle, being a
bill proposing to equalize bounties. How do
we arrive at it?
I will state briefly the one leading idea
which pervades the whole bill and distin-
guishas it particularly as a bill seeking to
accomplish, as far as may be practicable, this
object of equalization. It is well understood
that neither the condition of the Treasury nor
any claim which may properly be presented to
that effect can justify Congress in attempting
to bring every soldier up to the level of advan-
tage occupied by those who received the largest
bounty. Some soldiers received ยง1,000, ยง1,200,
$1,500 bounty from various sources. It is ut-
terly impracticable to adopt a bill which would
bring every man up to that standard which
would really be equalization. But it is per-
ceived that without this, what seem to be the
just expectations of the soldiers may be in
some degree met by establishing some stand-
ard up to which we shall bring all the soldiers.
The standard which has been adopted by the
Committee on. Military Affairs, after full con-
sideration of this subject in all its aspects, and
which met the approval of the House at the
last session, is a standard which would secure
to every soldier a bounty of as much as $100
for every year's service, or $8 33 per month.
The committee, adopting this as the standard,
have reported the bill now under considera-
tion, proposing that every soldier who has
received less than this sum, or who has re-
ceived nothing at all, whether by any existing
law entitled to bounty or not, shall be brought
up to that standard. Thus this is really a bill
proposing equalization of bounties, not, like
the present law, an act to pay additional boun-
ties to those who have already received certain
bounties or are by law entitled to receive them.
Now, how do we accomplish this? We per-
