1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
1267
sonify the United States as the alma mater of
all the soldiers. She calls her soldiers about
her and says to them, "You have received
your pay; some of you have received bounty
in greater or less sums; some of you none at
all. You have had secured to yourselves
and families pensions. We now say to vou,
although you have had, or ought to have had,
and will yet have the funds secured to_ you by
contract with the Government, there is some-
thing more we feel capable of doing and desire
to do for you, and that is to provide not one
of you shall complain you have not received,
during the time you served, whether short or
long, and gives you in the way of bounty,
gratuity, gift from the Government, $8 33 per
month." Then the Government havingbrought
these men around it, each one is asked, " Let
me know, my man, how much you have had
over and beyond your pay, over and beyond
what the law has already secured to you or
given to you; and if it be more than at the
rate of $100 per year you cannot complain if
we add no more to it. If it be less than $100,
then we mean to bestow as much upon you as
will bring you up to a level.'' That is the
whole principle pervading this bill.
What objections are made to it?_ Prom
certain quarters of the country it is said to be
objectionable because it takes into account
bounties paid by States, cities, counties, towns,
local bounties as they are called, and, it is sug-
gested, bounties offered by voluntary associa-
tions. I admit that is the case, and I admit
that makes it objectionable to some persons
and some Representatives upon this floor, rep-
resenting the interests of their constituents con-
nected with this matter. But let us look into
the policy of the thing. Mark, it is not a bill
for additional bounty, but a bill to equalize
bounces, a bill the leading idea of which is not
to give much or more to those who have
already received much, but to take care of
those who have received nothing at all or less
than the amount the Government feels able to
give to each. Following up that principle, it
matters not where the soldier camc from, it
matters not to the public interest from what
quarter these bounties have come, the object
is, every man, by a generous and liberal Gov-
ernment, shall be provided for_ so as to be
brought up to a certain standard in the amount
of the gift now having reference to equaliza-
tion. .
But gentlemen say the effeet of this is^ to
take the money paid by the States, _ cities,
counties, towns, and voluntary associations in
the shape of bounty, and give the General
Government the advantage of it. ^ The reply
to that is, in some shape or other, it all comes
out of the people. We cannot bring all up to
the same standard. The General Government
ought to help these who have had less than this
sum or nothing. If they have obtained more
from oilier quarters, it becomes a question be-
tween them and those from whom they have
obtained it. . .
Suppose you do not follow this_ principle up
to its consequences, what then .' Here is a
man who has received $1,000, it may be, and
upward, by successive enlistments. He has
had from some State, county, city, or volun-
tary association some live hundred or one
thousand dollars more. He has received alto-
gether one thousand or fifteen hundred dollars
in bounty. What is claimed ? That no man
who lias served as long as he has, suffered pos-
sibly more, and has had less than $100 bounty,
shall not have this $100 unless he also can
receive it. I say, so far as the soldier is con-
cerned it is not a favorable position in which
to put liim.
Then as to the State, county, and town
bounties, if you take that principle and give
to one soldier who has received one thousand
or fifteen hundred dollars bounty, and to the
soldier who has received nothing but this $100,
will not this last soldier go back to his State,
county, or city5 and claim? the General Gov*
ernment having equalized the bounties, they
shall also equalize them?
By this bill we save the counties, towns, and
States to which the soldiers may return from
claims of that kind. The very language of the
bill disposes of that whole matter, and would,
as we all know, meet with the sanction, appro-
bation, and acceptance of the soldiers them-
selves. It begins with this language:
That, instead of any grant of land or other bounty,
there shall be allowed and paid to oach and every
soldier, sailor, and marine, who faithfully served (is
such in the Army, Navy, or Marino corps of the Uni-
ted States, and who has been, or who may hereafter
be, honorably discharged from such service, the sum
of eight and one third dollars per month.
This, then, without dwelling longer on that
in the way of argument, is my answer to the
proposition. I know there is plausibility in the
objection that is made, but I say it is only plaus-
ible. I say that this bill, as a general adjust-
ment of the whole matter, while it makes the
condition of those who have been liberal to the
soldiers no worse than it is now, carries out the
idea of taking care of those who have received
little or nothing, without feeling that we are
constrained at the same time to give to those
who have had more.
To come back to the point, therefore, with
which I started, it is an equalization. If we
adopt the idea that we are to pay without ref-
erence to other bounties from other sources, it
becomes just like the present law, no longer
an equalization bill, but a mere additional
bounty bill, which is the object we seek to
avoid. Now, then, keeping in view the idea
that we say to the soldiers, "Wo wish to bring
each of you up to a particular standard to which
wc feel the Government is capable and has the
means of going, and having fixed the standard
at $100, wo propose to give to every one of
you who has received less than $100 a year
that much;'' then to whom do we give it? By
the present bounty law a man may have served
an interval of two or three years or during the
whole war and got no benefit of the law. lie
must be a man who was enlisted three years
and got his hundred dollars, or his two years
and got his fifty dollars. He must be one who
has had a bounty already secured to him by
law, so as to get an additional one. We hold
that to be all wrong, and therefore have adopted
the simple principle that to every man who
served faithfully and has been honorably dis-
charged, no matter liow he came into the ser-
vice, there shall be given, if ho has been hon-
orably discharged, a bounty proportioned to
the length of the time of his service. If he
has been in service one month he gets $8 33 ;
if three months, $25 ; if a year, $100 ; if two
years, $200. It is intended to cover all sol-
diers, sailors, and marines for whatever time
they served as enlisted men.
Now, I had brought to my attention yester
day a ease of this kind. A soldier who was
entitled to receive the bounty under the exist-
ing law said to me, "I have a companion
enlisted from my own State who served nearly
three years 5 a month longer than I did, and
who was as good a soldier as I. He was badly
wounded and disabled, as T never was, and yet
he receives nothing under the present bounty
law, while I am entitled to 3100. I have
already had something like $1,200 and he had
nothing ; having enlisted at an early day when
no bounties were given. He served and was
discharged, and afterward reenlisted as a volun-
teer; and-though his aggregate service was
greater than mine he does not come within the
provisions of the law." lhat case illustrate^
what we want to get rid of. It illustrates the
propriety of following out, not only the idea of
equalization, but giving to every man m pro-
portion to the length of his service.
There is another class of cases—soldiers who
were promoted to become officers, but by reason
of accepting commissions are cut off from the
bounty under the existing law. Now, we say
that is wrong; we say that for the time they
acted as enlisted men, they ought to receive
bounties, if they have not already received
them; and wc have secured that to them by this
bill. I give this as another^ illustration ot the
necessity of a rule of this kind.
Now, I will wait for propositions which gen-,
tlemen have to make, and then I will submit
this whole"- bill for the action of the House,
which I hope will be speedy. For that pur-
pose I propose to demand the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and see whether the House
will sustain me in pressing it to a vote. Now,
I ask gentlemen to bear in mind two or three
propositions which I have attempted to illus-
trate. In the first place, the present bounty
law operates most unequally; it give9 more to
those who have already had too much, and
gives nothing to those who have not had any-
thing in the way of bounty. _ The present law
is a law for additional bounties; and not like
this, a bill for the equalization of bounties.
This bill proposes to establish a fair standard
and bring those who are below up to it: but it
proposes to give nothing to those who are
already above the standard. In this way this
bill proposes to equalize bounties according
to the length of service, whether that service
be short or long. These are the leading ideas
of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK I will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the gentle-
man to say that he proposes to call the pre-
vious question upon this bill, which would shut
out all amendments to it. Now, I have an
amendment which I desire an opportunity to
offer to this bill. I ask the gentleman to let it
be read by the Clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear the amend-
ment read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section one, by inserting after the words.
" or Marine corps of the United btates, the follow-
ing1: "including those recognized by Congress m the
act entitled "An aetmalting appropriations for com-
pleting the defenses of Washington, and for other
purposes," approved February 13,1862, and includ-
ing those borne on the rolls as slaves.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can explain in a very
few words the purpose of that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman three minutes of my time for
that purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have a class of
troops in Missouri, and there is another simi-
lar class in the State of Maryland, to whom the
amendment has reference: troops wlic. were
mustered into the service of tho United States
in 1862, and whom the Department up to this
time has ruled out from the benefits of our
bounty laws; both the original law authorizing
the troops to be raised, and also the law au-
thorizing the additional bounty. And the
Department also rules out all those who have
been enlisted during the war, that are upon the
rolls as slaves. It is for the purpose ot in-
eluding these troops—volunteers that were
mustered into the service of the United States
during the term of their enlistment, and were
honorably discharged from that service.. The
■ object is to bring them within the provisions
of this bill. I am aware that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] entertains the opin-
ion that they are included m the provisions
of the bill as it stands. Now, I wish to make
that so certain that there shall be no dispute
about it, and that the Department may have no
chance to cavil over the payment of the boun-
ties to these men who are as much entitled to
them as are any volunteers who entered the ser-
vice of the United Slates during the rebellion.
I have the law before me which refers to
these troops and the manner in which they
were raised; but perhaps it is not necessary
that I should have it read. I shall now merely
repeal that I desire to have this amendment
incorporated into tho bill, ior the puiposo o
making it sure that these troops shall not be
excluded as they have been heretofore. It me
previous question is sustained amendments are
cut off, and there is of course no chance ot
this amendment being made to the bill,
trust, therefore, if the previous question is
demanded the House will refuse to second it.
Mr, SCHENCK. I shall in a few words, m
1 reply to the gentleman from Missouri, IMr.
