504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
In orier to understand the effect of this let
me read from the eighth section. It is there
provided—-
That whenever the foregoing, conditions shall be
complied with the citizens of said State may present
said constitution to Congress; and if the same shall
be approved by Consresssaid Stateshall be declared
entitled to the rights, privileges, and immunities,
and be subject to all the obligations and liabilities of
a State within the Union.
What conditions,"'sir?' Why the foregoing
conditions in' -tke provisions of the bill: a
constitution :of State government which upon
its face shall-declare that no person for crime
shall he denied the elective franchise or be
Otherwise* disfranchised within the State, save
persons convicted of insurrection, treason, or
■misprision of treason. What is this but asking
this Congress to say in advance, if the insur-
gent States shall so frame their constitutions of
State government, that thieves, robbers, and
assassins shall never be deprived of -the right
of the elective franchise it will be approved ;
otherwise their constitutions will be rejected.
The bill will bear no other construction than
this.
It is no objection-with me that the bill secures,
in the election of delegates to frame a consti-
tution of government, to all male citizens over
twenty-one years of age, without regard to race
or color, therightto vote. But it is an insuper-
able objection to this bill that it is decreed of
perpetual obligation upon the State and nation
never to be altered or abrogated ; and that only
in pursuance of its conditions can a State be
admitted to representation or be permitted to
retain representatives in Congress after admis-
sion.
Mr. Speaker, while I am willing to exert all
the essential powers of this Government as it
now stands in protection of life, liberty, and
property in the insurgent States, to govern
them, if need be, as they now are for years, I
will never, with my present conviction of duty,
incorporate by law upon the statute-book of
this Union a provision which knocks out the
corner-stone of the fabric of American Govern-
ment.
I do not forget, sir, the words of Washing-
ton, transmitted to us. When about to surren-
der his public trusts he declared "the basis
of our political systems is the ' right of the
people to make and alter their constitutions
of government.'"
The gentleman, doubtless for humane pur-
poses, puts into this bill, in the seventh section,
a provision that—■
All laws shall be impartial without regard to lan-
guage, race, or former condition. If the provisions
of this section should ever be altered, repealed, ex-
punged, or in any way abrogated, this act shall be-
come void and said State lose its right to be repre-
sented in Congress.
I do not propose myself to support any such
legislation, for the reason that with my present
convictions the Congress of the United States
has neither the power nor color of power to do
this. It is in vain that gentlemen say it is only
to protect the freedmen in their rights. God
knows I am ready to go as far as he who goes
the farthest under your exclusive legislative
power in those disorganized States, and of
which I have already spoken,"(to protect every
one of them in all their rights: the right to
enjoy the fruits of their toil; the right peace-
ably to assemble and petition this Government
for a redress of grievances; the right to partici-
pate in the reorganization of the governments
of the insurgent States; but I am not going,
under the pretense of a mawkish humanity,
under the pretense of throwing guards about
the sacred right of liberty, to take away the
right of a free people to amend and alter their
constitutional government at their pleasure,
subject only to the limitations of the Constitu-
tion of my country^
What does the seventh section say? "All
laws shall be impartial, without regard to lan-
guage, race, or former condition." Why, sir,
m its fullness and extent it is a declaration by
statute in advance that these States shall not
exclude from the right of suffrage or from of-
fice aliens in their midst, and not merely aliens,
but men who come in their midst as paid spies
or hirelings of foreign Governments; because,
forsooth, they are come of another race or speak
another language. Let the laws for the pro-
tection of personal freedom be the same for the
alien as for the citizen: but let the laws regu-
lating political rights restrict their exercisc to'
the citizen.
Sir, I am not to be thus driven into a viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion of the country. Under it the rights of
the States are as sacred as those of the nation;
its express provision is that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
aje reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
In strange conflict with this is the proposi-
tion of this bill, that if the State organized
and admitted under it exercise the essential
powers of local State government thus reserved
to the people, contrary to the provisions of this
act, the State shall lose its right to be repre-
sented in Congress.
The equality of the States and the equality
of men in the rights of person before the law
is what the Constitution enjoins and the peo-
ple demand.
Sir, this bill not only assumes to fetter the
power of the State, but it assumes in like man-
ner to fetter the power of the nation, by de-
claring as it does that— «
If the provisions of this section should ever be
altered, repealed, expunged, or in any way abro-
gated, this act shall bccome void and said State lose
its right to be represented in Congress.
- Suppose a future Congress should repeal it,
would it not be repealed? Suppose it should
alter or abrogate it, would it not be altered or
abrogated? Is a State to be denied represent-
ation because Congress exercises the power
that rightfully belongs to it to repeal the legis-
lation of a prior Congress? I think instead
of being a bill of reconstruction it is a bill of
destruction; instead of being a bill of restora-
tion it is a bill of disunion and perpetual dis-
memberment ; instead of a bill to restore the
disorganized States as equal States of the
Union it is a bill to convert them into vassal
provinces.
And as for the bill introduced by my col-
league, I beg leave to say, with all respect for
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
[Mr. Ashley, of Ohio,] that it needs a great
deal of consideration before it can be passed
upon safely by this House or accepted as a rule
for its action. I do not intend to delay the
House with any extended remarks about it
further than to say this: that it recognizes in
its provisions that those disorganized commu-
nities arAStates of the Union for Federal pur-
poses, as \liey undoubtedly are, and will con-
tinue to bo until Congress in the exercise of
that general power to which T have referred
chooses to degrade them to the condition of
Territories, to partition them or to dismember
them, which I hope Congress will not be in
haste to do. Until Congress exercises that
power and so legislates, the insurgent States
remain States for Federal purpose^ Con-
gress from the beginning of the war to this hour
has always so recognized them. It so recog-
nized them in 1861, in the first year of the war,
when it apportioned direct taxes among them
as States and upon the basis of their repre-
sentative population.
The Congress recognized the insurgent States
as States of the Union for Federal purposes
in 1862 when it apportioned representation
among every one of them as States of the
Union, which bill stands unrepealed at this
hour. The Congress recognized them when it
made an appropriation to pay the salaries of
the United States district judges in the States
of Florida, Mississippi, and Alabama. There
is no escape from the conclusion. 'I recognize
our authority to reduce those States to Terri-
tories ; but you have not so reduced them,
neither is it made to appear that it is necessary
so to partition and dismember thern.'^
By my colleague's bill those States are legis-
lated ove-r both as States and Territories. The
Federal courts arethere ;-and by one section of
this bill men are held to answer in the district
courts of the United States in the several insur-
gent States, and under another provision of the
bill conventions, composed of delegates author-
ized to be chosen for the purpose of organizing
constitutional State governments, are author-
ized' to appoint judges for county and district
courts in all those great States, to which courts
so created apaio be committed the issues of life
and death. Nf want to know by what authority
the Congress of the United States can invest a
convention of delegates with power to author-
ize courts that are to sit in judgment upon the
liveus, liberties, and property of the citizens of
the United States anywhere within the States
of this Union ?\.A gentleman inquires what
right the President has to do it. No more right
than the Czar of Russia; but that does not
excuse the Congress of the United States for
undertaking any sueh'acts of usurpation. ' The
judicial power of the United States can only
be exercised in the States. Who ever heard
of a district court of the United States in any
Territory of this Union? You hear of terri-
torial courts, but there is no district court of
the United States in Nebraska, nor in Utah,
nor in Washington, nor in Dakota ; but there
is a district court of the United States in ses-
sion torday in the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi and two of them in Florida, as there
are in New-York and Massachusetts. Not-
withstanding the fact that the courts of the
United States are established and open in the
late insurrectionary States, this bill provides
for the organization of courts with general
jurisdiction over the lives, liberties, and prop-
erty of men, and the judges of those courts
to be appointed by a convention and controlled
by a committee of public safety.
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Bingham's hour
having expired.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent of the House that the time of my col-
league be extended fifteen minutes.
No objection was made, and Mr. Bixgham's
time was extended accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a few more
words to say. I shall not trespass much longer
upon the time of the House. The question I
have been discussing is, sir, a grave and deli-
cate question. It is because the bills concern
the nation's peace and the reorganization and
restoration of States that I ask that the bills be
referred to the committee appointed for the
very purpose of considering the reconstruction
of those States. Let the bills be so referred
and see if that committee will depart to the
extent proposed from that measure as a basis
of reconstruction which the people themselves
are now considering.
I cannot, Mr. Speaker, for the reasons which
I have stated, pronounce the bill presented by
my colleague [Mr. Ashley] anything else than
a bill of anarchy. It sweeps away all the laws
in those States; it declares the laws^ and all
acts done under them void, and subjects the
people thereof to such laws as may hereafter
be enacted. In the mean time, until that here-
after comes, by what laws are the twelve mil-
lion citizens therein to be governed? Why, sir,
a people without law, either to restrain the law-
less or to shelter the just, are as a people with-
out hope and without God in the world ; most
miserable. I repeat it, therefore, the hill is a
bill of anarchy, and not a bill of restoration I
look upon it as a bill to place hinderances in
the way of restoration, and therefore I ask that
it may be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction. I look upon both these bills as a
manifest departure from the spirit and intent
of our constitutional am endment. 1100k upon
it as an attempt to take away from the people
of the States lately in rebellion that protection
* which you have attempted to secure to them by
your constitutional amendment. I do not say
that all of those people are entitled to mercy or
consideration at the hands of the American peo-
ple and of their representatives in Congress
assembled, yet I do say that there is something
grander in magnanimity and mercy than there
