1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
our opinion, from all the data we have to cal-
culate from. I now yield to the gentleman
from New Hampshire.
Mr. MARSTON. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether be can state to the House
what is the estimate of the War Departmentif
local bounties be stricken out?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is one of the data
upon which we calculated. If they are taken
out it will run up to $450,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Four hundred and eighty-
five million dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the bill as it now
stands we bring it down to from severity-five to
one hundred million. I now yield to my col-
league.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I intend to sup-
port this bill, although it does not contain all
tlie provisions I desire to have in it.
I call attention to that part of the third sec-
tion which excepts from the provisions of this
bill all persons captured prisoners of war at
the time of their enlistment. Suppose a man
conscripted in the confederate States was taken
a prisoner of war and afterward enlisted in the
Service of the United States, why should he
not receive bounty under the bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. There would be a. differ-
ence of opinion on that. We enlisted into our
service a good many men captured as prisoners
from the rebel army who were desirous to get
into tho service, some from high motives of
patriotism, and others to get rid of their im-
prisonment. It was necessary to put them on
the footing; they received as much bounty as
they were entitled to in being allowed to rehew
their allegiance and fight on the right side.
Mr. FfNCK. If these men were honorably
discharged from our service, ought not they to
receive bounty ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that fol-
lows ; but i have not time to go into an argu-
ment on the subject. We thought it not advis-
able to give bounty to those who came from
the rebel side.
I understand I have nine minutes left, and
I yield three minutes to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I listened to tho statement
of the gentleman from Ohio with pleasure, and
had he confined himself to the arguments in
favor of the bill I would not have said a word.
But he says opposition to this measure is oppo-
sition to the soldier. It is not so. The gen-
tleman can propose nothing for the soldier I
will not sustain. When they say tho amend-
ment we ask gives $450,000,000, I care noth-
ing at all about it. I will vote $450,000,000
or $850,000,000 for the soldier. His claim is
the bottom claim; there is none deeper, none
stronger, none more just. But the objection
to this bill is as against the States and not as
against the soldiers. The State Irepresent
has paid these bounties, and now it is called
upon to pay the bounties of soldiers of other
States. The State of New York has paid its
bounty, and now it is called upon to pay one
fifth of tho bounties that are given to the sol-
diers of other States. And so has Pennsylva-
nia. The argument of the gentleman, in his
effort to press this measure through, would
seem to imply that half the States of the Union
are against the soldier. Nothing can bo more
unjust to them than that idea.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Will the
gentleman from Ohio allow me two minutes?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. T wish sim-
ply to call the attention of the House to the
third section and to show the hardship that it
works to a very large number of the finest sol-
diers of the Union Army. It is known to every
gentleman from the border States, and espe-
cially to those from East Tennessee that thou-
sands -of Union men were conscripted into the
rebel army, who went to the front, were put
into the battle, and gave themselves up asprisv
oners of war, because they were fighting under
duress against their country. They went im-
mediately into the Union Army and there
fought until the close of the war. They were
compelled to enter the rebel army and escaped
rath® than have the reproach of fighting against
their country. I regard it as an act of the'
highest merit that they fought through the re-
mainder of the war with the halter, as it were,
around their necks, for the flag of their coun-
try. Now, they are cut off from the provis-
ions of this bill, though they are as gallant and
worthy soldiers as ever lifted an arm in the
defense of the Government.
[Here tho hammer fell. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I must occupy the little
remainder of my time myself, partly to correct
misapprehensions. As regards the argument
relating to the States, let me say that there is
no injustice done to the States by this bill. It
does not propose to pay back under any cir-
cumstances to any of the soldiers what the
States have already given them, so the State is
no worse off for taking into account what it has
paid. Somebody has paid the money, and it
has come out of somebody by taxation or
otherwise. It is not proposed to wipe out all
that has been done and begin anew to equalize
their pay, either up or down, with reference to
the States. If this bill passes the State of
Massachusetts will stand precisely where she
stands now, having done nobly by her soldiers,
having done so well by them that they do not
need perhaps so muefe from the General Gov-
ernment. The General Government proposes
by a bill of this kind to come in and say to the
soldiers, " Some of you have received com-
pensation and gratuities far beyond what you
contracted for; some of you have received very
little in the shape of bounties, and some of you
have received nothing at all. Those of you
who havefaredbadly who have received neither
from the Government nor from the States nor
counties nor towns nor associations as much
as $100 a year, we mean to equalize by bring-
ing your pay up to that standard." This whole
thing is a matter of bounty, of generosity ; it is
a gift made to the soldiers, based upon the
ground that we think the soldiers deserve more
than has been paid to them under contract.
We do not want to hold them to the strict
terms of the contract. Whenever, therefore,
we find one who has only been paid according
to the terms of the contract, who from no
source has received anything more, we pro-
pose to come forward generously and say to
him, " You have been hardly treated, at least
not so well treated as many others, and we,
being the guardians of the general Treasury,
propose to make that pay up to you in a certain
degree if we can. Therefore we enact a law
of this kind."
Now, I admit'that this bill, if it becomes a
law, will provide mainly and almost entirely
for the soldiers who enlisted in 18G1 or 1862,
and will not benefit much others who entered
the Army when large bounties were being
given. Those men of 1861 and 1802 are the
very men, sir, that we desire to provide for.
They are the men who rushed to the standard
of their country at'the beginning of tho war,
beca'use there were patriotic impulses in their
bosoms ; the men who made haste to enlist in
the ranks and who ehcerfully hazarded all that
they were worth and all that they had in that
great trial to which they were called. Now,
sir, I demand the previous question.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I desire to ask
the Spetrker a question. If we vote down the
previous question will the bill then be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
. Mr. WE NT WORTH. If we vote down the
previous question will it then be in order to
make a motion to refer this whole subject to
the Committee of Ways and Means to see
where we are to get the money?
The SPEAKER. The motion would then
be in order.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the demand for tho previous question; and
there were—ayes 56, noes GO.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Taylor, of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and tellers reported that
there were—ayes 74, noes 72.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes, 67, noes 65.
Mr. ROLLINS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 76, nays 85, not voting
29; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos B.. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailor, Barker, Bidwcll, Bingham,
Blaine, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Campbell,
Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper,
Cullom, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Finck, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, llayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Wil-
liam Lawroneo, Lo Blond, Lcftwieh, Loan, Longycar,
Marshall, Marston, Maynard, MeKeo, McRuor,
Moulton, Niblack, Paine, Plants, Price, William II.
Randall, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Shella-
barscr, Sitgroavcs, Spalding, Stilwcll, Stokes, Strouse,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Upson, Welkor, Whaley, James J?. Wilson, and Win-
dom—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Boaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Blow, Boutwcll, Boyer, Broomall, Chanler, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dofrecs, Doming, Dodge,
Eliot, 1'urquhnr, Ferry, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Giiswold, Aaron Harding, Hart, Iliso, Holmes,
Hooper, Dcmns Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Bdwin
N. Hubbcll, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Lnflm„Georgo V. Lawrence,
Lynch, Marvin, MeClurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhcad,
Morris, Mycis, Newell, Nicholson, Nooll, O'Xoill,
Orth, Patterson. Perham, Pike, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers, Rollins,
Sco field, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Tuber, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William
B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, Stephen F.
Wilson, Winfiekl, and Woodbridgo—85.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Branrtcsee, Conkling, Cul-
ver, Denison, Driggs, Durnont, Kckley, Hale, Harris,
Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Jones,
Koontz, McCuIlough, Mclndoe, Morrill. Phelps,
Pomcroy, Radford, Raymond, Ritter, Slianklin,
Triiublo, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward,
l'lhhu B. Washburno, Henry D. Washburn, and
Wright—20,
So the main question was not ordered.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HAWKINS said: I have been requested
to state that Mr. Koosiz, of Pcnnyslvania, is
absent, from his scat on account of indisposi-
tion.
Tho vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ROLLINS. I now move to amend the
second section of this bill by striking out after
the words "United States" where they first
occur the words "or by any State, county,
city, town, or other municipal organization, or
by any voluntary association, so that in no
case shall the aggregate amount of bounty
allowed and paid from all sources exceed eight
and one third dollars for each month of actual
faithful scrvice, or at tho rate of $100 per
year." Also by striking out after the words
''United States" where they again occur the
words "or by any State, county, city, town,
or municipal organization, or by any voluntary
association." The section, if amended as I
propose, will read as follows:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That in comput-
ing and .ascertaining, the bounty to bo paid to any
soldier, sailor, or marino, or his_ proper representa-
tives, under the provisions of this act, there shall bo
deducted therefrom any and all bounties already
paid, or payable under the existing laws, by tho
United States. And in tho ease of any sailor or
marino to whom prizo money has been paid, or is
payable, the amount of such prizo money shall also
be deducted, and only such amount of bounty paid
as shall, together with such prize money and any
other bounty paid or payable by the United States,
amount m the aggregate to the sum allowed by this
act.
And now I call the previous question on the
bill and amendment.
Mr. KASSON. Before the previous ques-
tion is called, I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] to allow me a few
moments, as the point involved in his amend-
ment has not yet been debated at all.
Mr. ROLLINS. I must insist upon the call
for the previous question.
Mr. KASSON. Then I hope the call for
the previous question will be voted down.
