506
SEES CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
was a Government deliberately adopted by all
the people, whose consent was not to be with-
drawn upon the mere apprehension of injury—
this brought on, I gay, with the common Gov-
ernment an issue of force. How this has been
decided; with what a prodigious exhibition of
energy by the respective parties; with what
prodigal waste of blood :and of life, what dark-
ened homes, what an accumulation of the bur-
dens of the people, what disruption of kindred
ties, and what,engendered bitterness; we are
all, alas! but too painfully familiar. I have
more than once, from my place here, as well
as elsewhere, declared my conviction that the
Sputh -grievously erred in its choice of a rem-
edy for the evils of whicH it complained. I
of course acknowledge'the right of revolution
for adequate cause, but that cause I was una-
ble to find in the facts immediately antecedent
to the rebellion. ' The doctrines and policy of
the Republican party I did think aggressive
upon southern rights, but I regarded them but
as brutum fulmen, while the South held an all-
sufficient curb in a constitutional majority in
both Houses of Congress and in the shield of
the Constitution always resting over them.
I do not overlook the fact that, contempo-
raneously with the origin of the Government,
there were great differences of opinion among
wise and good statesmen as to the relative
extent, and in certain contingencies the rela-
tive supremacy, of the State and Federal Gov-
ernments. These differences obtained exten-
sively without reference to section. The Vir-
ginia and Kentucky resolutions of 1798 gave
prominence to State rights, though doubtless
not intended by their authors to authorize and
not (legitimately authorizing the conclusions
which a peculiar school of politicians subse-
quently drew from them. Those resolutions
were believed to announce the true theory of
State relations, and as such became funda-
mental points of Democratic faith as maintained
by Jefferson and Madison, and have been con-
stantly upheld since by that party which has
shaped the policy of the Government for three
fourths of its existence. The practical appli-
cation of those doctrines to authorize seces-
sion was, indeed, first made in New England
during the late war with Great Britain. The
purpose of seceding was seriously agitated in
her State Legislatures, and in all probability
would have resulted in open rebellion but for
the timely treaty which terminated the war.
Secession, the illegitimate offspring of sound
Erinciples, was thus for the time baffled in
er mistaken aspirations. She was, however,
again evoked from her obscurity, srfresh com-
petitor for public favor, by the nullification
politicians of South Carolina. A wise policy
of compromise on the part of the Government
at that time averted a crisis. Increased plaus-
ibility was subsequently given to her preten-
sions by the genius of Calhoun and other lead-
ing statesmen of the South; and unquestion-
ably they had become so extensively received
as to lend much support to the recent rebel-
lion. I believe, however, that the claims of
this spurious issuaof Democratic doctrine have
always been rejected, North and South, by the
soundest and wisest of our political teachers.
Thirty-seven years ago, in 1830, the Sen-
ate became the theater of a memorable contest
as to the true construction of the Constitution
upon the relative powers of the Federal and
State Governments. It was memorable from
the character of the contestants—Webster, of
vast intellect and resources, without a superior
in powers of debate ; and Hayne, who lacked
no element of skill, ingenuity, or spirit, for the
maintenance of a peculiar theory. Webster
was the advocate of consolidation because he
iupported the protective interest, and that
theory was deemed necessary to procure its
establishment. Hayne was, on the contrary,
the champion of a free market, in which the
products of his own locality would find a return
of their full value. Thus this debate was an
exhibition of the best efforts of their greatest
advocates in defense of their sectional interests.
But a surpassing, interest attaches to the con-
test from the subject of dispute. This was of
the utmost practical importance, the great New
Englander maintaining that the Federal Con-
stitution is a government formed by the people
of the United States in their aggregate capacity,
as one mass; and that the only remedies for a
State resisting Federal legislation as unconsti-
tutional are those pointed out by the instru-
ment itself, the decision of the Supreme Court,
an amendment of the Constitution itself, or
lastly, in oases not provided for by the instru-
ment, the remedy of revolution. And the emi-
nent Carolinian defending the opposite thesis,
that the Constitution is a compact to which the
States in their sovereign capacities are the par-
ties ; and that in virtue of the still subsisting
State sovereignty, a State may nullify a' law
deemed by her unconstitutional, and thus check
Federal action within her territory until Con-
gress shall have obtained the necessary power
by an amendment of the compact by three
fourths of the States.
It will be remembered that the Democratic
administration of General Jackson was then
in power, and how the threat of the State of,
South Carolina to carry into act the doctrines
supported by Mr. Hayne was met by the Ex-
ecutive, speaking by the voice and pen of
Edward Livingston, his Secretary of State.
That learned and able jurist and patriotic
statesman, in his speech in the Senate on
Mr. Foot's resolutions, and afterward in
President Jackson's proclamation in 1833,
drew the line of distinction between the Fed-
eral and State authority in a manner which,
till the recent outbreak, had commanded the
general approbation of the country. In those
great efforts, the force of whose logic has never
been broken, it was demonstrated that the
sovereignty of the people was divided; one
portion of it being vested in the General Gov-
ernment for the purposes specified in the
instrument of compact, the other retained
for local self-government. No State possessed
under the Constitution the right of nullifying
by veto or withdrawal the action of the Gen-
eral Government; and this, whether the Con-
stitution were the result of the action of the
people as one body, or as separate, commu-
nities. Mr. Livingston, however, rejected the
doctrine 'of Webster, that the people of the
United States had in their aggregate capacity
established the General Government; for, to
use his own language—
" It would lead to the most disastrous results; it
would place three fourths of the States at the mercy
of one fourth, and lead inevitably to a consolidated
Government, and finally to monarchy, if the doctrine
were generally admitted; and if partially so and
opposed, to civil dissensions."
He argued that if both governments were
created by the people as one people it would
matter little in the estimation of those who
received the doctrine whether any particular
power was exerted by the Fede'ral Government
or the State. Upon various pleas it would be
imagined for the benefit of the people that the
General Government should exercise this power
or that until the whole aggregate of the reserved
powers should be taken possession of by the
General Government and absorbed. It would
be but a step from this to centralizing it in a
single man. I refer to this debate to show that
the positions I have assumed were those recog-
nized, not by the Democratic party in the
person of President Jackson, but generally by
men of all parties at the time.
The Jackson proclamation fixed the true in-
terpretation of the Constitution; and, as thus
interpreted, it subsists to us at this day after
the country has passed the greatest struggle of
which history bears record. The cardinal points
of the Jackson construction I regard as of the
highest importance for the welfare of this people,
and I think should be held up for public recog-
nition upon every fitting occasion. They fix
in perpetuity upon the chart of our national
policy the position of those dangerous rocks,
the Scylla of consolidation on the one hand,
and on the other the Charybdis of secession—
between which alone are found free and safe
soundiags. But, whether deriving its origin
from erroneous theory or from the jnst right
of revolution misapplied, the result of ihe late
contest has been adverse to those who rested
it upon either. The rebellion has been sup-
pressed ; the oneness of the United States as
a nation, and the extension of its Government
over all the territory which formerly acknowl-
edged its authority, have been effectually main-
tained.
It was upon the theory of this continued
oneness that the war for the suppression of the
rebellion was initiated and conducted to a suc-
cessful issue. If secession was an accom-
plished fact, establishing the independence of
the seceding States, then where was any legit-
imate cause of war, as arising from the act of
secession? Obviously there was none. On
the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence every nation has the right, unobstructed
by any other, "to life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness" in its own way; and the
South should therefore have been permitted
to "depart in peace." But the subsistence
of the Union having been successfully asserted,
how is it that the seceding States can be said,
in any sense, to be out of the Union? Surely
they cannot be so by reason,of an ineffectual
attempt-at revolution. That they are not out
of the Union is the great fact, which the issue
of the contest has decided?* The southern
States are, therefore, still integral parts of the
Union, with the same rights as States, no
moTe, no less, as they had before the rebellion.
It must be admitted, indeed, that whatever
was put in issue in this contest has been de-
cided adversely to the unsuccessful party. The
issue at the outset was the existence or non-
existence of the Union. As the war progressed
the institution of slavery was also made an issue
as a war measure as one of the means allowed,
it was maintained by the laws of war, to harass
an enemy. When the rebel power was broken
and their armies surrendered, they accepted the
result; they abandoned the scheme of inde-
pendence, separate and confederate; they con-
sented to the extinction of slavery. They have
done more. The States have resumed, as far
as in them lies, their normal relations to the
Federal Government by renewing their alle-
giance and electing Representatives to the
national Legislature.
Now, while such is the condition of thing3
as regards the rebel States, what is the course
of the Government toward them? I shall speak
first of the course pursued by Congress, and
afterward of that adopted by the President,
for unhappily the two are in conflict.
The course of Congress in regard to the rebel
States is based upon the assumption that a
reconstruction of the Government as to those
States is what they are called upon to achieve.
This assumes again that the old Government,
the Constitution of 1789, has as to those States
been destroyed. But if so, wherein or how?
Not surely by the decisive success of the Union
arms in establishing the existence and suprem-
acy of the Federal charter; not by the surren-
der of the rebel armies—their implied abandon-
ment of the issues for which they resorted to
force, and their prompt return to obedience to
the paramount law. The Government was not
broken up by an attempted withdrawal and a
claim to a State sovereignty and independence,
which on an appeal to the sword the seceding
States failed to establish. The congressional
idea of reconstruction, therefore, proceeds upon
an assumption not sustained by fact.
As growing out of this assumption, however,
and consequent upon it, resort is had to an-
other doctrine, that of an assumed forfeiture
by the rebel States of their rights in the Union,
which is held an all-sufficient justification of
the policy proposed. To any unsophisticated
apprehension I need hardly urge that the ap-
plication of any such doctrine is as utterly
without constitutional warrant and as base-
less as the idea of a dissolution of the Govern-
ment for some purposes and not for all. For-
feiture as to States is not a constitutional
penalty, and in a Government of defined pow-
ers like ours has no place. Forfeiture may
