1270
THE OOISTGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New Hampshire a question. Does
his amendment include that part of this bill
which relates to the present bounty law?
Mr. ROLLINS. It only refers to that por-
tion of tho bill relating to the deduction of local
bounties.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment striking out that part of this bill repealing
the present bounty law.
Mr. ROLLINS. I am willing to allow that
amendment to be offered, if I can do so, and
retain my right to call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. By general consent the
amendment can be offered and considered as
pending, to be voted upon after the previous
question shall be seconded.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, therefore, to strike
out Ihe eleventh section of this bill.
The section was as follows:
Sec. 11. And be xt further enacted, That sections
twelve, thirtoen, fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen, of an
act. making appropriations for sundry civil cxponsos
of tho Government for tho yoar ending Juno 30,1867,
and for other purposes, approved July 23,1866, are
hereby repealed; but if any money shall have beon
paid to any person under tho provisions of said sec-
tions so rcpea led, t ho amount tl\oreof shall bo deducted
m each ensoby tho proper aeeountiiiK officer from any
sum to bo allowed under this act. And any applica-
tion mado for allowance of bounty under tho said act
of July 28,1806, with all tho ovidencoand papers sub-
mitted therewith, shall bo taken and considered as
filed under tho requirements of this act, and shall bo
used hereunder for tho benefit of tho applicant tu* far
as tho same may bo applicablo.
The SPEAKER. Tho amendment will bo
considered as pending.
Mr. S1IELLABARGER. Will tho gentle-
man from Now Hampshire [Mr. Rollinsj yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 will do so.
Mr. S1IELLABARGER. I desire to move
an amendment to the bill, and I will explain
my purpose in so doing. As tho bill now standi^
all soldiers who have gone to the expense ol
making applications for the $100 bounty of last
year, and who are about to get their money,
will lie set back by tho provisions of this biil,
and bo obliged to wait until they make now
applications before they can receive their money.
I propose; to so amend the bill that such amounts
as they would be entitled to receive under the
provisions of this bill may be paid to them
under their pending applications, and not re-
quire them to incur tho expense and delay of
making new applications.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 am willing that amend-
ment shall bo offered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be
offered, and cohsiderod as ponding.
Mr. SIIELLAjiARGER. The amendment
1 desire to oiler is to add to section eleven of
this bill the following:
And all applirnlions which hnvo been raado for
bounties under tho act, of July 28, 1866, by persons
who urn entitled to bounty under this act shall bo
deled on and piiyments made thereon under this act
the Mime as if it had not beon passed: Provided, That
no person shall be paid agroator amount than ho is
ontitlod to under this act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] allow me to
make a suggestion to him?
Mr. ROLLINS. I will hear the suggestion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to him to allow
to bo offered the amendment I indicated some
time since.
Mr. ROLLINS. What is that amendment?
Jtfr. BENJAMIN. It is to amend section
one, after the words "or Marine corps of the
United States," by inserting:
Ineludirie those recognized by Congress in an act
entilhd An act makine; appropriations for com-
plying tho defenses of Washington, and for other
purposes approved lobruary 13,1862,and including
thoso borno on tho rolls as slaves.
Mr. ROLLINS.
amendment.
The SPEAKER.
regarded as pending.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I ask the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Rol-
liiKs] to permit me to move to amend section
three of this bill by striking out the words,
I have no objection to that
Tho amendment will be
"or who was a captured prisoner of war at the
time of his enlistment." The object of that
amendment will be to bring within the'pro-
visions of this bill a large class of soldiers along
the border States who are not included within
the bill as it now stands.
Mr. ROLLINS. I cannot yield for that
amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I now ask the gentleman,
as he has not yet yielded to anybody to oppose
his amendment, to yield to me five minutes to
oppose it.
Mr. ROLLINS. The friends of this meas-
ure, as it was reported, have certainly had their
full share of time this morning.
Mr. KASSON. Not upon that point.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Much- more than half of
my time was yielded to those who opposed the
bill.
Mr. ROLLINS. I must insist upon the
previous question.
Tho question was taken upon seconding tho
call for the previous question; and upon a
division there were—ayes 53, noes 50.
Before tho result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KASSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Rollins and
Mr. Kassojt were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 77, noes 00.
So tho previous questi^i was seconded.
Tho main question was then ordered.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foihtey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, joint resolution
(II. R. No. 173) for the relief of Ober, Nan-
son & Co., merchants of New York.
Tho message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its Amendments to
tho bill (JL R. No. 001) to define and punish
certain crimes therein named, had agreed to
the conference asked by the House, and had
appointed Messrs. IIexduicks, Harris, and
CituswuLL, as conferees on the part of tho
Senate.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES—AGAIN.
Tho SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded and the main question or-
dered, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
who reported this bill is now entitled to an
hour to close the debate.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I yield a portion of my
time to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kas-
son.]
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to meet
an objection which one or two gentlemen from
the eastern States, and one or two, I believe,
from Pennsylvania, have urgetl against the bill
as reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs; and also to present a point, which I
vainly sought from the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Rollins] an opportunity to
present, as to the effect of his proposition,
which socks to put in writing the objection
urged in argument by other gentlemen.
It is stated that the effect of the bill as re-
ported by tho Committee on Military Affairs,
is to charge this additional bounty, for the ben-
efit of soldiers of other States, as a tax upon
the States of the East that have already paid
large State, county, and other local bounties.
Now, sir, the gentlemen from New Hampshire
and Massachusetts have failed entirely to per-
ceive the converse of their proposition. It is
admitted that in many of the poorer States of
the Union soldiers have enlisted without any
State or local bounty, and in some instances
without any national bounty. Now, when wa
are about to take care of these patriotic sol-
diers who have had nothing or almost nothing
in the way of bounty, it is boldly proposed by
these same objecting gentlemen to go into the
western States and tax them to pay two or
three hundred dollars a head to the men in the
eastern States-who have already received $800,
$1,200, or $1,500. These gentlemen from the
eastern States, in their efforts to convince the
House that the proposition of the Committee
on Military Affairs is unjust, turn round and
apply the identical rule to which they object;
but they propose to make it bear on tfie poorer
States who have not been able to pay these
bounties, nor found it necessary to pay them
to secure volunteers. And on this proposition
the gentleman from New Hampshire under-
takes to force the previous question upon the
House without allowing a single word of expla-
nation to those who oppose it.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the fact that the amendment which the gentle-
man proposes is utterly destructive of the prin-
ciple of the bill, and will inevitably defeat it
or any similar measure on which it may be
ingrafted, and, as is suggested by a gentleman
near me, will add hundreds of millions to the
expenditure proposed by the law of last ses-
sion—for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] has proposed that we shall not
repeal that law. Ihe expenditure now pro-
posed will, therefore, be cumulative upon that
authorized by the law of last session. This
proposition will utterly defeat every effort to
equalizes far as possible the bounties among
the soldiers of the U nited States. If this amend-
ment should prevail the bill cannot under any
circumstances be passed in this House; hence
I am compelled to believe that the object of
some of the gentlemen who support the amend-
ment is not at all to befriend the soldier, but
so to alarm the people of thij country, so to
embarrass the Treasury of the United States,
as to prevent one dollar being paid to any
soldier of the United States under this bill. I
ask gentlemen from these wealthy States who,
by the action of their Legislatures and by
agents appointed by them, went early in tho
war to the poorer States and by bounties paid
there (until checked by law) deprived us of
the more thinly-settled States of fair oppor-
tunity to fill up our own quota—I ask them not
to tax these same States to pay from one hun-
dred to four hundred dollars to soldiers to
whom they have already paid these enormous
bounties ranging from live hundred to fifteen
hundred dollars.
I call the attention of gentlemen to the fact
that in this very bill you refuse to pay the sub-
stitute anything at all, though he actually
served for one or two years. On'what principle
do you do it? It was because the substitute
was paid a bounty by the man whom he rep-
resented. Why not extend the principle'to the
substitute who received this bounty upon the
same ground you insist your soldiers who re-
ceived ten or fifteen hundred dollars shall also
receive this bounty? I submit to the House
the effect of the amendment is utterly destruc-
tive to the bill and will insure its defeat. It
simply repeats the process of last session, which
was not equalization of bounties at all.
I further submit to tho House that you only
postpone the day of equalization by every act
of this kind. For there is perpetually coming
up a cry from the soldiers of the country to
equalize these unequal benefits to which they
are continually pointing; and this bill attempts
to accomplish their wish.
This presents, Mr. Speaker, all that I in-
tended to say to the House. I call attention
to the fact that the majority of this House were
for the bill as it is in all essential points. If it
were not for the Missouri delegation, who wished
to incorporate an amendment, the main ques-
tion would have been put.
I am obliged to the gentleman from Ohio
for having yielded to me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I protest against Illi-
nois being included in the gentleman's list of
poor States.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa a question. I ask whether
the effect of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New Hampshire is not to pay
to the soldier who has already received $1,200
as much as to the soldier who did not receive
one cent?
Mr. KASSON. That is the fact; for it
strikes out that clause of the bill which pro-
poses to deduct pro tanto the bounties already
paid.
