1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am extremely sorry that
on account of momentary exasperation at mis-
conduct that has undoubtedly been practiced,
we should undertake to make the Senate of the
United States the supervisors of the selection
of carpenters and joiners and blacksmiths and
boiler-makers and sailmakers and plumbers
and painters and caulkers and laborers at all
the naval stations of the country. It is derog-
atory to the dignity of the Senate. It is inju-
rious to the public servicc in every respect, in
my judgment. If we are to adopt this princi-
ple of descending to these minor mechanical
employments, which involve no trust, although
the mechanics maybe politicians, as everybody
has a right to be in this country, we shall have
our hands certainly full enough ; because if we
do this we must go to every laborer, every
clerk, every employ^ of the Government every-
where. The Senate on a former occasion, by a
very decided vote declined, after a long debate,
to increase the number of appointees of this de-
scription, although of a much higher grade, who
should be appointed by and with our advice
and consent. We have much more important
duties for the benefit of the country to be per-
formed by us than these. We cannot attend
to them all. The remedy for this evil lies in
another bill, which I hope will pass before
many years, although I have no idea that it
will this Congress, regulating the civil service
of the Government. I do hope that this pro-
viso will be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. I hear a .great deal very
often said about "the dignity of the Senate."
It is beneath the dignity of the Senate to take
into consideration the grave question of who
shall be a master mechanic! Sir, I believe it
is not beneath the dignity of the Senate to pro-
tect any American citizen against political
oppression; and that is the precise point here.
The evidence is ample, it is overflowing, that
this protection is needed. If my friend from
Vermont had a navy-yard in his State, and he
became practically acquainted with the abuses
there through the exercise of political power,
he would not come into the Senate and invoke
its "dignity." No; the word is out of place.
It is not worthy of this discussion. No honest
attempt to sustain an American citizen against
oppression can be beneath the dignity of the
Senate. I say the evidence is complete that
there is an existing abuse; and there is no
single argument in favor of the bill which the
Senator from Vermont so ably carried through
this Chamber which is not applicable to this
proposition; not one of his speeches which I
might not make now in favor of this humbler
proposition.
Mr. CRAGIN. One word further. Some
Senators seem to think that this is a very small
business; that the officers named here are of
no consequence. I think every one of the offi-
cers named here receives a compensation equal
to $1,500 at least.
Mr. SUMNER. Some two thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. CRAGIN. Some more. The naval
storekeeper, who is named here, has charge in
some cases of millions of dollars' worth of prop-
erty, more than a paymaster in the Army or a
paymaster in the Navy, and those officers are
confirmed by the Senate. The master carpen-
ter and master machinist and the civil engi-
neer have the employment of hundreds of men.
They are officers of great importance. They
are not mere laborers. They are head men in
these establishments, and we confirm here
every day hundreds and thousands of men
whose salaries are less, whose responsibilities
are infinitely less, and whose offices are less
dignified and in every way of less importance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why does my friend
from New Hampshire insist upon carrying in
on the shoulders of these very dignified and
important personages all the rest of the labor-
ers and unimportant personages whom he does
not mention, but who are mentioned in this
proviso Y
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator be kind
enough to mention those unimportant laborers?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only omit to mention
those that my friend from New Hampshire
did. He has named the naval storekeeper and
two or three others, and has omitted the sail-
makers and painters and caulkers and laborers
and all the rest of the mechanics that work in
navy-yards.
Mr. CRAGIN. Does the Senator observe
that this master painter is the man who has
charge of all the painting and employs all the
laborers under him, the head man?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. When he says
paint white, they paint white, and when he
says paint black, (if that is not an offensive
word in this audience,) they paint black,
[laughter;] and we are to decide upon whether
John Smith or William Jones is to conduct
this painting business. Now, I undertake to
say that is beneath our dignity altogether. It
involves no trust or responsibility commen-
surate with being put in opposition to the
duties that wo have to perform. It is quite
evident that there is some personal grievance
or political grievance under all this thing.
Some one has "shot the albatross," as The
Ancient Mariner said, of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts.
" Sinco then, at an uncertain hour—"
As I believe the poet has it—
"Thnt nsrony returns:
And till his ghastly tale is told
His heart within him burns."
We hear it every time these questions come
up. All these minor officers, mere laborers
that involve no great pecuniary responsibility,
no public trust at all, are undertaken to be
drawn into our consideration. Now, I agree
that no man ought to be removed from an em-
ployment merely on the ground that his polit-
ical opinion does not agree with that of his
superior, because political opinion in this coun-
try is free. A man, under the Constitution of
the United States, and under any other free
constitution, has just as good a right to believe
on one side of a political question as he has
on the other; and it is just as wrong, in my
judgment—it maybe heresy to say so—to turn
■out a man from one of these mere mechanical
employments because he is a Democrat as be-
cause he is a Republican.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is the same thing pre-
cisely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is exactly the same
thing. I do not dispute but what some of these
head officers in navy-yards may have under-
taken to turn out men for political opinion.
If so, it is a mere temporary abuse that ought
to be punished ; but we ought not to upset the
whole proper policy of the country because
some subordinate in a navy-yard having charge
of a gang of men has been guilty of some
abuse. We are making too much of it. We
must correct it in a better way. We must put
the civil service on stable ground which will
enable those who have charge to oversee it,
rather than do it here. We cannot draw to
ourselves the whole detail of the business of
the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly have no
speech to make. I give way.
Mr. HOWE. I will make a speech for the
Senator from Illinois for nothing. [Laughter.]
Either Mr. Macaulay or somebody else says
that within a few months after Walpole was
driven from the ministry there was not so
odious a word in the English language as that
of '1 patriot.'' Mr. President, I am very much
afraid that in a short time we shall make the
word " magnanimity" as odious in this country
as the word "patriot" was made in England.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has anybody used it in
this debate ?
Mr. HOWE. The word has not been used
in this debate until I introduced it; but the
thing has been attempted to be palmed off
upon us until I begin to get sick of it already.
Mr. President, the undeniable (act is that men
every day are being proscribed for holding just
such opinions as the Senator from Vermont is
supposed to hold, hurled out of employments,
hurled out of trusts, thrust out from offices for
no offense in the world but for holding such
opinions as the Senator from Vermont is sup-
posed to hold, and for holding such opinions
as the large majority of this Senate and of the
other House is supposed to hold ; and that is
being done because we will not prohibit it from
being done. No "albatross" named in this
section of the bill and belonging to me ha3
been shot. I am not a sufferer in that sense
or in that way; but I see these things being
done, and whenever magnanimity rises to the
height that it refuses to withdraw the power
which is smiting one's own friend, and because
he is such a friend, then magnanimity is an
odious and a contemptible thing, and the word
ought to be stricken from the English diction-
ary. Every one of these officers named in the
bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are not officers.
Mr. HOWE. They are officers; they are
provided for by law, or they have no business
to be employed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean that every
person employed in a navy-yard is an officer?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; but I mean that every
one of the officers named here are created by
law, or there is no authority for their employ-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a general au-
thority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This very provision pro-
poses to make them officers.
Mr. HOWE. This does not make them
officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Not with the amendment
which the Senate has already agreed to. They
are officers now, or these offices do not exist;
one of the two. As the section is'amended it
only provides that where these offices exist
they shall be filled by persons to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they do not
exist as offices.
Mr. HOWE. If they do not exist it becomes
inoperative.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not by any means,
because you name the particular persons.
This part does not say they are officers.
Mr. HOWE. We do not name the particu-
lar persons. We name the particular places
where the offices exist.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you not, name the
employment?
Mr. HOWE. We namethe employment, to
be sure, the character of the office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You make a question
that it is an office.
Mr. HOWE. I do not make any question
at all. The section as it stands now before
the Senate only provides for offices which exist
by law. If they do not exist by law in any
particular place, then the section is inopera-
tive. Where they do exist by law it is said
here that the salaries attached to them are not
less in any one case than $1,500. In other
cases—*
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, you shall rote if you
live. [Laughter.] In other cases you require
offices where salaries are S 1,000 to be
filled by appointments by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, the
duties of which are no more important, in-
volve no more trust than these. The dignity
of the office consists not in the employment,
not in the service performed. The man who
makes a sail fills a place of as much dignity as
the man who opens a letter or the man who
writes letters in one of your Departments. But
the dignity and the rank of the office depend
upon the emoluments, the salary attached to
it; and certainly if so adjudged, an office with
a salary of $1,500 is of higher rank than one
where the salary is only $1,000. There is no
reason, satisfactory to me at least, why yo-
