1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
Mr. ROLLINS. I wish to ask the gentle->
man from Iowa a question.
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask whether this bill
will deprive Iowa or any other western State
of the privilege of paying to their soldiers the
same amount that the eastern soldiers have
received? If the western States desire now to'
deal as liberally with their soldiers as the east-
em States have done my amendment will not
prevent them. We have paid our soldiers
these bounties, and they can do the same thing
if they please.
Mr. IiASSON. As I feel under great obli-
gations to the gentleman from New Hampshire
I gave him the time he asked of me in view of
the courtesy he refused to extend to me a
while ago. But I will answer him by saying it
is not the first time a rich man weut to a poor
man and said he had no objection to the poor
man building a palace. After the wealthy
States have paid out their thousands they noS>
come and say to the less wealthy States we do
not object to your paying your soldiers as much.
That, sir, is no answer. Our soldiers, as stated
by the gentleman from Ohio, entered the Army
through motives of patriotism, and did not wait
for any high bounties, and are entitled to the
benefits of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now wish to say a word
or two myself. We have reported a bill to
equalize bounties. The gentleman from New
Hampshire proposes an amendment which will
convert it into a bill making bounties more
unequal than they arc now. If his amendment
prevails, I, for one, shall feel constrained to
vote against the bill when molded into that
shape. The bill we propose is designed to
give to those who have received little or noth-
ing something to bring them up to a certain
standard. The bill, as the gentleman from
New Hampshire would make it, would give to
every man without reference to what he had
before. What is the consequence? The man
who has had $400 or §1,000 or $1,500 beyond
his pay is to get $100 a year more; the man
who has received nothing whatever beyond his
pay is to get $100. Now, this keeps up the
inequality as it exists. Therefore I repeat that
if the amendment prevails it will have the effect
to make this a bill to prevent bounties from
being paid, and not to bring men nearer to each
other by taking a common standard.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] wishes a vote also upon a further
amendment to strike out the repealing clause,
leaving the present law to stand as it is, and
then to pass this bill, with not only that
amendment but the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, which he says
he approves. What will be the effect of that?
You will have one lawgiving additional bounty
to those who have already received bounty,
and then another law which, under the false
name of equalization, will give additional
bounties to everybody, including those who
receive it under the existing law. What was
therefore unequal before, if the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hamphire and
that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
should prevail, would become still more un-
equal and still more a muddle, a mixture,
having no regard to putting men upon the
same footing.
I have received since we have been discuss-
ing this bill a letter, which I will ask the Clerk
to read as a part of my remarks, addressed to
me by a soldier, stating how this law will oper-
ate upon himself, who has never received any
bounty, if we leave it standing as it is now,
and resort to no expedient tor equalization
such as is here proposed.
The Clerk read as follows :
.Washington, D. C., February 17,1867.
General: I have the honor to state that I have
served as an enlisted man in the late war two years,
three months, and sixteen days, and have never
received any bounty whatever, national or other-
W>The bounty law of July 28,1866 makes no provis-
ion for me, and this is why I write.
It seems unjust that X should have served over two
years aud not get one cent of bounty, local or gov-
ernmental, while others got bounty for a shorter
time.
June 30,1861,1 enlisted in the old twenty-fifth Ohio
volunteers. "With that regiment X served in tho field
through the first terrible winter of the war, and
through the Cheat mountain campaign, and wns hon-
orably dischargedfordisabilityApril 15,1862. During
this period of service X participated in the bottles of
Greenbrier, Alleghany mountain, lluntersville, and
Monterey, West Virginia, &c.
My next term of service was in company D, seventh
Vetcran Reserve corps, commencing '29th September,
1863, and ending 20th March, I860, during which time
I was one of the defenders of Washington when
Early made his attack on Hii-; city, July, 1864.
Bach time I wa< honorably discharged for disabil-
ity contracted in the field and not at the rear.
The statements I make are corroborated in the War
Department records.
It was my misfortune and not my fault that X en-
listed just at the times when 1 could get no bounty.
That proves that I did not think of my private gain.
"Why should I not get the bounty for tho two years
and more that X served?
If X had enlisted in 1862 and served two years I
would have received $200 bounty, and if I had waited
till tho winter of 1863 X would have received $400
from the Government.
Suppose all soldiers had waited till 1862 or 1863 for
these large bounties, the resultwould have been bet-
ter to themselves but not so well for the Govern-
ment.
As the present bounty provisions do not meet my
case, nor as I believe many other cases, I respect-
fully, but urgently, beg you to use your very power-
ful influence in procuring the enactment of some
law apportioning bounty according to the number of
months of service.
X am, general, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, . JOHN M. ASimiiLD,
Late private company /, twenty-fifth Ohio volunteers.
Gon. It. C. Roiiknck, House of Representatives, Wash-
%ngton, I). 0.
Mr. ROLLINS.
Mr. THAYER.
mo 
Mr. SCHENCK.
Will the gentleman yield?
Will the gentleman allow
I do not mean to parcel
out the time to the opponents of the bill. That
letter illustrates the condition of things which,
if the bill be amended as now proposed, gen-
tlemen seek to perpetuate, namely, inequality
of bounty — nothing to those who have had
nothing — and whatever you give, give it to
those who have had much.
Now, sir, what is the present condition of
this bill? The friends of the bill as it is were,
as was very apparent, in a majority. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] desired
to change the language of the first section of
the bill so as to provide for certain Missouri
troops, some of whom were slaves. I replied
to that, as I say now, that the language of this
bill covers all. It provides for every soldier,
sailor, and marine who has ever served for any
length of time whatever and was honorably
discharged. In their anxiety, however, friends
of the bill as they were, to get an amendment
of that kind, tbey voted with those that were for
emasculating the bill and making it an unequal
one, as is proposed now by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, and we are all at sea again.
Now, I trust this matter will be fully under-
stood. There is no objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benjamin,] except the single
objection that it is wholly unnecessary. It
neither adds to nor takes from anything in the
bill; it leaves it as it was. Therefore, when it
comes to a vote I shall vote for the amend-
ment, if it will gratify the gentleman. But I
shall vote against the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Rollins,]
and the amendment indicated by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] If
either of those amendments should prevail,
the bill will not be worth the paper it is writ-
ten upon, for it will* simply perpetuate the in-
equalities which we want to get rid of, and to
remedy which we have reported this bill.
I will now yield the floor first to an oppo-
nent of the bill, the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,;] and then I
will yield to one or two others. I now yield
to the gentleman from New Hampshire for five
minutes.
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] complains that the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Rollins] is objec-
tionable, in that it would destroy the under-
lying principle of the bill. Now, I think that
is the principal virtue of the proposed amend-
ment of my colleague. What is the principle
of the bill? It is one not of equality, but of
inequality. If you will refer to the opinion
expressed by William Wirt upon the payment
of the interest of the war debts of 1812 you
will find this sentiment expressed:
"The principle is this: the United States are bound
by the relation which subsists between the General
and State governments to provide the means of carry-
ing on war; and as a part of the business of war ,to
provide for tho defense of the several States. When
theUnited States fail to makesuch provisions and tho
States have to defend themselves by means of their
own resources, the expenditure thus incurred forms
a debt against the United States which they are bound
to reimburse. If the oxoenditures made for such pur-
pose are supplied from the Treasury of tho State,
the United States reimburses the principal without
interest."
Now, look at this point: the eastern States
have advanced large bounties to their soldiers.
This bill comes forward and asks us to assist
the western States, among others the State of
Ohio, from which the gentleman [Mr. Schenck]
comes who is chairman of the committee which
reported this bill, to pay bounties to their sol-
diers. Wc do not claim that the soldiers should
not have their bounties equalized. We merely
claim that if Ohio has not heretofore paid a
bounty equal to that which New England has
paid, she should put her hands into her own
pockets and pay it as we have done. If you
look to simple justice in this matter, the bill
should provide that tho General Government
should reimburse to the eastern States, which
have overpaid the bounty, the surplus of bounty
which would bo required by this bill.
But the gentleman talks about the rich States
of the East. That comes with a very bad grace
from the gentleman.from Iowa [Mr. Kassojt]
or from any gentleman from the rich States of
the West, whose soil and mountains are teem-
ing with wealth. The people of the New Eng-
land States,> the eastern States, have had to
wring from the poverty of our soil by their
industry and persevcranco the wealth they
possess. Now, is thero any justice in our
being called upon to vote, not only our own
bounties, but to come forward and pay a tax
to pay bounties to tho soldiers of these rich
western States?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for five
minutes to my colleague on the other side,
[Mr. Le Blond.]
Mr. LE BLOND. In reply to the gentleman
who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Patterson,]
I would say that it comes with an ill-grace
from tho New England States to claim what
that gentleman claims. Why, sir, the very
wealth they possess they have wrung from the
West by high tariffs. And if by that means
they have acquired wealth, they may thank
the West for it and not the impoverished soil
of which he speaks.
Now, let me say one word more. I under-
stand, from the vote already cast upon this
proposition, that it is a contest in this House
between the West and the East, between labor
and wealth. The vote already taken has in-
dicated that such is the issue; and we shall
see when the final vote comes whether the
East is to control the West in regard to all
legislation.
Now, sir, I am in favor of this bill as re-
ported by tho Committee on Military Affairs.
I support it because it equalizes bounties, and
not to create inequality, which the gentlemen
from the East are proposing to bring about.
Sir, these gentlemen have 110 right to com-
plain. The purpose of the bill is simply to
bring the soldiers of the West as nearly as pos-
sible 011 an equality with the soldiers of tho
East. Is there any injustice in this? It 13 en-
tirely just ; it is precisely what ought to be done.
The soldiers of the West and the East are alike
the soldiers of the Union, and the whole Union,
and not of any specific locality or community,
and for a local purpose. They were soldiers
for the whole Union, and should receive equal
pay. unless the soldiers of the East were more
patriotic and rendered better service in the
field than the western soldiers, and none, I
apprehend, will claim it.
