1867.
THE? CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
bo pretended and enforced where one of the
contending parties is the superior of the other;
but in our Government the members are all
equal. It may consistently be applied by a
monarch to a rebellious portion of his sub-
jects ; it may have place between independ-
ent powers in favor of the victor. It is unreg-
ulated by law, and is whatever the conqueror
chooses to make it. It is the reckless asser-
tion of the right of the strongest.
The Constitution does indeed provide for its
alteration by submitting propositions for this
purpose to the States, which shall be valid as
amendments when ratified by three fourths of
their number. But this means their voluntary
ratification by three fourths of all the States,
and not the exclusion of ten States from the
enjoyment of their constitutional rights as
such until, with their own consent or without,
they shall have submitted to this forced ratifi-
cation as a condition-precedent.
The imposition by the adhering States of
conditions upon the seceding, while it implies
a superiority in the former and is opposed to
our system of government, is at the same time
in gross and flagrant violation of the principles
on which the war was professed to be waged.
Attention has been too often-called to those
principles in this body and elsewhere for us to
forget that the proclamation of President Lin-
coln at the beginning of the war demanded
only the cessation of the rebellion; and that
Congress, directly after the first battle of Bull
Bun, made by joint resolution that memorable
declaration contained in the Crittenden reso-
lution.
This purpose, thus distinctly announced at
the beginning, was frequently repeated during
its progress, both by the President and Con-
gress and by our generals in the field. It was
further declared in the Republican platform of
1864, and the unity of the nation was also
recognized by the passage of the bill appor-
tioning Representatives in 1862. Now, with
this record, how shall we acquit ourselves to
the Army and Navy, to the world, and to our
posterity, of the charge of deliberate unfair-
ness, if we now, at the close of the war, as-
sume it to have been waged for the purpose
of. spoliation and oppression? Would those
gallant soldiers who gave victory to our arms
have flocked to your standard with such alac-
rity of patriotic devotion, such recklessness
of personal sacrifice and suffering, had you
frankly told them at the outset that they were
to fight for 50 unhallowed an object as this? I
will not wrong them so much as for an instant
to suppose them capable of such complicity in
the national dishonor.
The cessation of resistance to the execution
of the Federal laws and the abolition of slavery
being the only terms, at any time during the war,
required to be complied with by the rebels in
order to their restoration to the Union, on the
return of peace should we vary these terms ? Is
it consistent with our honor to set up new and
exacting conditions after we have gotten the
rebels in our power? Sir, I will yet trust the
intelligence and virtue of this people to save
the nation from such a humiliating situation as
this.
I wish to look a moment at the principal of
those conditions upon which Congress insists.
They have passed over the President's veto
certain laws and propositions of amendment
to the Constitution, the terms of which they
require to be complied with before the States
of the South shall be again received into fel-
lowship.
By the Preedmen's Bureau bill that institu-
tion was made a permanent establishment, with
a field for its operations coextensive with the
existence of freedmen. It would thus be as
operative in Pennsylvania as in Virginia. The
powers vested in this new tribunal are such as
may well excite our most earnest solicitude.
In all cases affecting a negro " military juris-
diction and protection" are required to be ex-
tended to him. This in criminal cases sets
martial law and the officers of the bureau above
the laws and officers of the States, and is a
violation of the constitutional guarantees of
security from arrest without warrant and of
jury trial.
The system which is thus attempted to be
legalized imposes an enormous addition to the
burdens of the people, while the report of the
commissioners appointed to examine into the
condition of the freedmen shows the terrible
abuses of which the bureau is the instrument,
even toward those whom it proposed especially
to benefit. While thus unjust to white and
black race alike, it is founded upon a false
principle, that of placing in the condition of
dependents upon the Government four millions
of thriftless population.
The first section of the amendment proposes
to make citizens of all persons, regardless of
race or color, born or naturalized, in this coun-
try ; and it proposes penalties upon all who in
any way attempt to abridge the privileges and
immunities of citizens. How many and what
are the privileges essentially belonging to citi-
zens is a thing very undefined. If Congress
has the right to declare who shall be citizens, it
has the right at the same time to declare what
shall be their privileges. The Constitution
framed by our fathers left this matter with
the States, only declaring that those qualified
under the State laws to vote for the most nu-
merous branch of the State Legislatures should
be qualified to elect representatives to Con-
gress. But Congress, now*usurping the power
from the States, while it makes citizens of
whom it pleases, may also define their privi-
leges. Thus under this amendment the elect-
ive franchise may at any time be declared one
of those privileges when negro suffrage be-
comes unalterably fastened upon the country.
In framing our Federal system the States
reserved to themselves the control of this mat-
ter of suffrage, as essential to the preservation
of their freedom. In the exercise of the mass
of powers retained by the States for their local
government it was essential that they should
determine who should be qualified participants;
for if this could be done by any power outside
of the States, their self-government, and con-
sequently their freedom, would be no longer
secure. That "republican form of govern-
ment" guarantied to the States by the Consti-
tution would become an impracticable thing.
Self-government is the essence of republic-
anism, and to this effect was the language of
Mr. Madison in the Convention. So long as
a State can determine who or what classes of
its citizens shall have a voice in the selection
of the State officers—of those who shall make
and administer the laws—just so long its gov-
ernment is republican. But if this power be
taken from it and lodged elsewhere, the repub-
lican character, and therefore the liberties of
the States, have received a fatal blow. The
annihilation of the State governments is by
this privation effectually consummated. The
local governments are thenceforward not even
republican in "form," and in this mattec.not
to be republican in form is not to be so in sub-
stance. By thus forcing upon the southern
States negro suffrage, it is proposed to raise the
negro to an equality with the southern whites,
who belong to that race which has thus far in
all that elevates and dignifies humanity—in
arts and arms and institutions of government
—proved itself the foremost in this world. The
incapacity of man for self-government has often
been commented upon by the philosophic his-
torian ; and the republics of Greece and Rome,
of modern Italy, and of attempts in that direc-
tion in England and France, have been pointed
to as melancholy proofs of the fact. It has
hitherto been supposed, even among ourselves,
that free institutions could only live while sup-
ported by the intelligence and virtue of the peo-
ple ; but in the reckless rapidity of our repub-
lican progress we seem to have discovered that
a democracy may well subsist where the peo-
ple who composes it have neither of those prin-
ciples to rest upon. It must not be forgotten
that the whole number of votes of the States
which it is meant to punish in this way is only
fifty-three, while that of the other States is one
hundred and ninety-two. The disparity alone
should disarm fear and moderate exaction.
The Constitution, in section five of article
first, provides that "each House'shall be tha
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members;" that is, whether
they have been properly elected, and whether
there is any constitutional or legal objection to
them personally; this power only applies to the
individual Representatives, which is a very dif-
ferent thing from Congress excluding whole
States from representation upon condition of
adopting a constitutional amendment which
changes the basis of representation. There is
no warrant in the Constitution for such an
exercise of tyranny. Had such a condition
been insisted upon at the adoption of the Con-
stitution, it must be admitted there would have
been no Government. But if it could be sup-
posed that the excluded States would accept
the amendment, how dangerous is the princi-
ple which underlies it I If a party majority now
can change the Constitution by forced amend-
ments, what is to prevent another majority at
a future day from changing it again? If a
majority can now in this way force universal
suffrage upon ten States in the absence of rep-
resentation, why should not a majority here-
after require an equalization of State represent-
ation in the Senate and exclude New England,
taxing her in the mean time until she shall give
her consent?
New England, under the application of her
own rule, might thus find herself suddenly
stripped of five sixths of her representation in
the higher branch of the national Legislature.
While there is much in the New England
character which no intelligent mind can fail
to admire—while all bear willing tribute to
her energy and thrift, to her indomitable will,
her learning and large culture—yet there are
few outside of her limits who do not feel com-
pelled to abate largely their estimations of
these qualities from their proneness to misdi-
rection and disturbance of the public peace.
Her characteristic activity of mind acknowl-
edges nothing as settled, whether in religion,
in science, in politics, or law, and exposes her
in a special degree to these storms of fanati-
cism and party zeal which are apt to carry
infinite mischief in their train. We cannot
shut our eyes to the fact that, having hereto-
fore profited so largely by shaping the legisla-
tion of the country to her own advantage, she
is now, with concentrated energy, struggling
to maintain that advantage even at the sacrifice
of the union of the States. She dreads a full
representation of the great agricultural South,
acting in conjunction with the great agricultural
Northwest and the commercial interests of
New York and the States of the Pacific coast.
These sections, representing in the main a
community of interest, it is not only feared,
but known, can give the law to the country;
and thus will follow a readjustment of our in-
ternal revenue and the policy of our foreign
commerce.
The conditions proposed by Congress, ex-
hibiting such strong indications of their pur-
pose and origin, such shameless outrage upon
justicc and every conservative principle, such
usurpation of Federal powers, and such viola-
tion of State rights, could not be expected to
be received without question, even by the
Republican majority, if submitted in the regu-
lar way to the deliberation of each House
separately. It was necessary to re30rt to rev-
olutionary France for an instrument for the
production of the monstrous scheme. In the
'•committee of safety" of the constituent
assembly they were presented with a prece-
dent for that of "reconstruction." Their
designs not being of a nature to endure the
open light of day, had to be matured in the
mysterious secrccy of an extraordinary com-
mittee. Refractory members were to be
crushed, and all who in any way opposed them-
selves to the purposes of the committee were
to be relentlesslv sacrificed. It cannot be
denied that, if alien to our institutions, the
machinery was at least admirably adapted to
