008
IHE COif GREBSIOML GLOME.
January 16,
securing the.,unity and strength requisite for
the success of .such &■ policy of destruction.
So perfectly, indeed, isthe policy of Con-
gress, adapted to break up the Union—to pre-
vent the return of the-country in all its parts
undergone government—rthatit is hard to avoid
be):eving this to have been- the object of it.
ThJ authors of this policy jmow well, by con-
sulting their own breasts, that their southern
brethren wilt never consent to accept such
terms .as. these-. • T.hey know it is requiring
what they, would themselves never consent to
in like circumstances. While it is irrecon-
cilable with-the hypothesis of a still subsisting
Union, and in violation of the rights guaraa-
.tied fcy -the Constitution, -which is its bond, to
-every State, it is admissable only oh the. sup-
position that the warwaswaged for subjuga-
tion, .which yet Congress and the Executive
during its. progress .most carefully disclaimed.
It assumes that subjugation has been in fact
•effected, and that, with the insolent triumph
of conquerors, we are now at perfect liberty
to trample upon and oppress a fallen foe.
Feeling that they have no support for their
course in the Federal compact, in common
justice or reason, some of the leaders of this
policy do not hesitate to avow their hatred of
the Union and their determination that it
shall never be restored. In this point of view
their course is intelligible and consistent. But
in assuming this ground they place themselves
as much in the attitude of rebellion as the
most arrant rebels whom they seek to humble.
Others seek to justify their vindictive policy
resting its defense upon the rights of suc-
cessful belligerents under the law of nations.
It is true that, after much delay and great
reluctance, the de facto secession was ac-
knowledged, and belligerent rights and their
consequences were conceded to the rebels.
But this was only from the necessity of the
ease, and in so far as the public law was appli-
cable to our situation. We had to maintain at
the same time the integrity of the national
Government, so that the belligerent rights con-
ceded had relation only to the conduct of the
war. It was, in our case, but lex sub superiori
lege; and at the termination of the war the
Constitution, the municipal law in all its vigor,
resumed its sway, and the States, on again
placing themselves in the constitutional rela-
tion to the Federal Government, were in the
same instant reinstated in the rights reserved to
them and their people by the common charter.
Under the municipal law the penalty was to
be meted out, not to Sta'tes, but to individuals.
The extent of punishment thus to be inflicted
was a matter for the consideration of courts
and for the executioner of the law. It is idle,
sir, to talk of punishing the rebels for their
treason. The spirit of the age is against it.
This vindictive spirit and purpose which char-
acterizes the congressional measures has about
it too much of thatuncompromisingintolerance
of Cato the Censor, who, it will be remembered,
concluded every speech which he made in the
Senate—no matter how irrelevant the subject
—with the savage declaration, " Carthage must
be destroyed." As between foreign and rival
States, and in a heathen age of the world, such
an inexorable sentiment might receive some
degree of toleration; but in a Christian age and
country, and between different portions -of the
same people, between countrymen and breth-
ren, surely the ill-disguised design expressed
here for the total annihilation of the South
can be received only with abhorrence.
It is agreed by writers on public law that
where great masses of people, actuated by a
common impulse which they believe to be
right, however erroneously, proceed to use
force for the assertion of their principles, that
these masses are not guilty of treason, morally
or legally. No one is guilty of treason for
obeying the Government de facto. The exist-
ence of a common sentiment so extensive, of
a,resistance so unanimous, supposes a cause.
If the cause were just and good, its success
relieved it of the character of treason; and
whether good or bad' its failure was a sufficient
penalty. Without a recognition of the.laws
of war to govern the contest; our. civil war on
both sides would have been one of extermina-
tion. No prisoners would have been taken,
no exchanges made. But the law of nations,
the slow growth of civilization, interposes be-
tween belligerents, whether independent Pow-
ers or divided portions of the same Power, in
.favor of humanity, and to prevent the barbar-
ous and useless effusion of blood. These laws
have been constantly ameliorated under the
progressive spirit of Christianity; and we find
Montesquieu advocating their especial appli-
cability in a republic, and writers like Hallam
and Maeaulay maintaining that these laws
should have strictly governed in the war of the
great rebellion in England. Charles the First,
says Maeaulay, should not have been exe-
cuted; and as little would he have been justi-
fied, in case of his success, in putting his
adversaries to death. In the suppression of
the Irish rebellion in 1848 by England we
have an example of a wise clemency, aiming
to heal the deep-seated discontents of a people,
rather than standing upon the strict ground of
legal right, to -keep alive the fires of irritation
by the exercise of a cruel and vindictive
policy.
Far different from the revolutionary, unjust,
vindictive, and unwise policy with which the
Congress would deal with the rebel States is
that which our firm and enlightened Executive
has inaugurated. Peace having been restored
by the submission of the rebels and such action
in the seceding States as recognized the author-
ity of the paramount law, his patriotic glance at
once apprehended the situation and the line of
duty. The President no longer of a divided but
a united country, he saw that it was not for him
to "give up to party what was meant for man-
kind," but that the position called him to merge
the partisan in the Chief Magistrate and the
statesman. He might naturally desire to carry
with him in his views the legislative coordinate
department of the Government; but if they
differed his duty was not the less clear. He
was to obey the oath, which he had sworn,
to maintain the Constitution of his country.
He must be true to his bright record of con-
sistent patriotism, exhibited throughout a long
life passed in the service of the Government
and in every official grade. He had private
griefs enough to incline him to the measures
of the most extreme radical. For the love of
his country and her institutions he retained his
position in the Senate when every other Sen-
ator of his section had withdrawn. He endured
with stoical firmness the ruin of his private
fortune and the unwearied persecution of open
and secret foes.
Members of his own household had fallen
upon the battle-field in defense of the cause
which he had most at heart. Yet he swerved
not. It was not that he hated secession less,
but that he loved his country more. The
moral.grandeur which he has exhibited in such
circumstances of peculiar trial is such as has
been shown by few in the whole extent of his-
tory. "The just man, tenacious of his pur-
pose, '' so handsomely eulogized by the Roman
poet, the storm of partisan fury may beat
upon him in vain. He may break beneath it,
but he will never bend. Whether successful
or unsuccessful in his object of giving once
more peace and happiness to a distracted land,
his merit is the same. lie has met his own
responsibilities with a olear perception, a de-
termined will, and an unflinching breast. On
the suppression by Cicero of the conspiracy of
Cataline, it will .be remembered that at the
suggestion of Cato he was honored by the peo-
ple with the title of the '' father of his coun-
try." With signal propriety this title was
bestowed upon that great and good man whose
military success gave us existence as a nation.
I submit, sir, that it belongs equally to him
who saves his country from destruction.
Filled with a just apprehension of his posi-
tion, its importance and duties, whatever
obstacles may oppose their performance, the
President, like Grtstavus Vasa and William of
Orange in like circumstances, I trust will
"stem the current and march through the
thick array." His fidelity and success in the
past is an assurance of a glorious triumph in
the future. But if in the night of our distress
it should prove true that '* republics are un-
grateful," (since Cicero was banished after his
deliverance of Rome from the grasp of Cata-
line, and AristideS driven from Greece because
his exalted worth brought down upon him the
vengeance of rivals and desperate men,) the
historian must yet record that this man, whose
whole life has been devoted to the elevation of
the masses and the maintenance of the cause
of industrial occupation, was chiefly instru-
mental in placing upon the statute-book an
act of great public beneficence. Already under
its practical workings one hundred thousand
homes have been secured and settled on the
public domain, and in the not far distant future.
the number will rise to a million homesteads,
the smoke of whose cabins on the Mississippi,
the Missouri, the Yellowstone, the Columbia,
and the Arkansas, rising from firesides made
happy by this kindly provision, will be so
many enduring monuments to his memory and
to his fame.
When the forces of the resisting States laid
down their arms he recognized all their reserved
rights and their equal rights in the federation.
It was Contended that the President, in this
action toward the southern States, had ex-
ceeded the executive functions; that he had
exercised power which belonged exclusively to
the Legislature. He had, however, without
incurring censure on that account, under lawa
already established, restored the mails and
reopened the channels of commerce, and rees-
tablished the courts. It was particularly objected
that the President had no power " to make
peace." But if the executive has not, what
branch of the Government has ? It is clear that
the power is not vested in Congress; for a
proposition offered in the Convention which
framed the Constitution for "aconcurrence of
two thirds of the Senate to make treaties of
peace without the concurrence of the President''
was voted down by a vote of eight States to
three. (See Madison Papers, volume five of
Elliott's Debates, pp. 524, 525.) Treaties .of
peace were therefore left as any other treaties,
requiring in all cases the concurrence of the
President. Making peace is therefore, under
the Constitution, as much a presidential as a
legislative function. It is, indeed, much more
so, as the act is executive in its nature, and one
for which a deliberative body, from its number
and lack of unity, is unfit.
But the objection proceeds upon a mistake
of the question ; for it is not a case of making
peace with a foreign Power. It is wholly one
of internal administration, in which the muni-
cipal law alone governs, and in which the Con-
stitution makes it the duty of the President to
see that the laws are faithfully executed. The
rebellion having been suppressed, the laws
resumed their sway.
Chief among the rights to which the people
of the seceding States were entitled upon their
return to the Union were those of represent-
ation in both bodies of Congress. These were
accordingly conceded by the President. An
omission to concede them would have involved
a plain violation of express provisions of the
Constitution and of his official oath. By sec-
tion four of article four—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
By section two of article one—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen, every second year by the people
of the several States."
And by section three of the same article—
'The Senate of the United States shall be com-
" of two Senators from each State," &c.
Here was authority enough for one who had
no ends to serve but those of country. Had
he needed more it might have been found in
the Farewell Address of the President who was
first in the hearts of his countrymen. From
