1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
should not protect these officers of this higher
salary if you protect others of this lower sal-
ary. I will not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to say a word. The
Senator from Vermont made an appeal to me.
He «eemed to intimate that I was speaking
under some sense of personal injury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 beg my friend's pardon;
I did not intend to say that. I meant to say he
was laboring under some feeling for some per-
son who had received injury in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. That is an imputation which
Senators have thought it proper to deal in of
late. This is not the first time it has been
launched at me within a very few hours. I meet
the Senator from Vermont. I do not know a
human being now who is suffering in this re-
gard—personally, I mean—not one. The alba-
tross that has been shot is no friend of mine,
except that every man who is suffering from
oppression is my friend, and he ought to be the
friend of the Senator from Vermont. The Sen-
ator from Vermont discards him because he is
humble.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes ; that is the argu-
ment of the Senator, or he said nothing. He
discards him because he is only a mechanic,
and therefore it is inconsistent with the dignity
of the Senate that we should protect him. The
most beautiful sentence—it is so considered—
that has been given to the English language
was those last words of the first book of Hooker
where he describes law as having a seat on the
bosom of God, and after proceeding with his
picture he concludes by saying of her that in
her beneficent sphere the greatest was not
exempt from her power and the humblest was
not below her care. Now, I insist that the
humblest citizen of the United States should
not be below the care of this Senate. The evi-
dence, I have already said, is ample, is multi-
tudinous that there is an abuse growing out
of the head of the Navy Department and run-
ning from him down through all the subordi-
nates, which I insist the Senate ought to cor-
rect
Mr. CONNESS. It is a painful task, sir;
but I entreat Senators to vote. We have be-
fore us a bill which the wool-growers are suf-
fering for the passage of, and the manufac-
turers are in need of. We can pass it in half
an hour if we can get to it; and we are spend-
ing nearly the last night of our session in what
certainly is not useful discussion.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to amend the
proviso before it is stricken out? ["Let us
vote."] I want it amended first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That-part
of the amendment which has not been inserted
can be amended.
Mr. GRIMES. In the part that has been
inserted by the Senator from Wisconsin, after
the word "exist" I propose to insert the words
" by law."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know what
the operation of that will be.
Mr. GRIMES. The operation will be to
give effect to exactly the purpose which the
Senator from Wisconsin said he had in view,
that where thesfe officers already exist by law
they shall be appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Do any of these officers
exist by law? Are they •pecified in the
statute ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think the amend-
ment of the Senator' from Wisconsin would
reach the case which the friends of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts desire to accomplish,
to be frank with him. I understand the trouble
in the Charlestown navy-yard is not that men
of the Senator's political sentiments have been
turned out and men of the adverse political
party appointed, but that they have abolished
certain offices and given the general supervis-
ion of the departments that have hitherto been
under the charge of the master workmen to
commissioned officers in the service, such as
naval constructors. For example, Mr. Pook,
the naval constructor there, has now the charge
of the men who are employed as carpenters
and as caulkers, and thereby two men have
been turned out of office; and the purpose of
the gentleman who offered this provision was
to establish by law those offices. The Senate
has decided against that on motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. Now, I want to make it
clear that the provision is to apply only where
ever these offices do exist, as they do, I sup-
pose, at some navy-yards by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator state at what part of the proviso, as
amended, he proposes to insert his amend-
ment?
Mr. GRIMES. After the word "exist" in
the part that lias already been inserted on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
not be in order.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it is not amend-
able now, but will be in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the proviso as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Should the Senate refuse to
strike out the whole proviso, will it be in order
to strike out " sailmakers?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order in the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Dooliitle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Lane, McDougall, Nesinith,Patterson, Poland, Boss,
Saulsbury. Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Willey—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Creswell,
Fogg, Fowler, Howe, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Morrill, Norton, Ramsey,
Riddle, Williams, and Yates—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to insert
in place of the proviso which has been stricken
out these words:
Provided, That naval storekeepers shall hereafter
bo appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is right,
and shall vote for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
M& WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That no workingman in
the navy-yards shall be required nor requested to
contribute or pay any money for political purposes;
nor shall any workingman be removed or discharged
for political opinions; and any officer or employe
.of the Government who shall offend against this act
shall bo dismissed the service of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply rise to suggest
that if a provision of that kind is to be adopted
it ought to be gotten up with care. This
amendment is very loose, and it. ought not to
be adopted in its present form. I think some
legislation in that direction might be had, but
certainly not in the form of that amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I think no legislation in that
direction ought to be entered upon at all. We
have already decided that these persons shall
be the creatures 
Mr. SUMNER. The victims.
Mr. HOWE. The creatures of the head of
the Department; and if he wants them to do
one kind of work they shall do it; if he wants
them to do another, they shall do it; if he
wants them to black boots, they shall black
boots; if he wants them to pay money, they
shall pay money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not decided
anything of the kind.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, we have decided that
exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The majority of the
Senate will not yield to the minority and of
course the Senate is all wrong.
Mr. LANE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide that the money heretofore
collected shall be paid back, and no statute of
limitations shall bar the claim. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Withdraw your amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I do not choose to do it.
If I vote alone I shall vote for it. I remem-
ber that a year ago last fall an effort was made
to raise money in the navy-yards, especially at
Brooklyn, for electioneering purposes, and the
Secretary of the Navy positively forbade it. I
thought he wasrightthen. I havealwaysbeen
opposed ft) raising money from men who were
employed as laboring men for the Government,
or making any test of political opinions among
them. Last autumn that same Secretary of the
Navy, at that same yard, had the whole power
of the Government brought to bear to force
these laboring men, under pains and penalties,
to vote for a certain political policy.
Now, sir, this amendment is a declaration
of opinion that it is time this thing should stop.
Whoever is in power, whoever has the govern-
ment, let the laboring men of the country who
go into Government employment feel that they
can think, speak, act, and vote just as they
please. If they desire to make a contribution
for the support of their political friends let
them make it; but let us provide against their
being required to pay money or to give a cer-
tain vote on pain of dismissal.
As regards the manner in which the amend-
ment is drawn, I drew it here at my-desk, and
submitted it to two or three Senators ; and the
Senator from Vermont [Mr? Edmunds] sug-
gested the insertion of the word " requested,"
to make it a little stronger. I think that the
language is clear, and that such a declaration
should go out and should be lived up to, who-
ever has the government of the country.
Mr. CONNESS. An ordinary difference of
political opinion such as exists or is developed
by political parties should not forfeit any man's
right to labor in a navy-yard. That is my opin-
ion ; but yet there may be political opinions
held that would unfit a man for public employ-
ment in one of the navv-yards of the United
States. A man may be there who is in favor
of breaking up this Union. He should be dis-
missed. He should not be cherished nor kept
there. I say, with great respect to the Sena-
tor, that this is a loose manner of legislating.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Under the present system
the laborer is given a dollar or two more than
is given him by all outside employments, and
that pays for his vote for the parties who have
the control of him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. LANE. If it makes any division of
opinion among my friends with whom I am so
proud to act I will withdraw my amendment
to the amendment. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn, and the
question is on the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If this legislation
could be carried through our entire svstem it-
would be a wise thing for our Government. It
is a fact that our navy-vards, scattered as they
are in different parts of our Union, can be
employed and can be made useful for political
purposes. It is true that they are taxed. It
is true that there is not a custom-house from
Maine to Florida and from Florida to Cali-
fornia, throughout the whole country, where
men are not taxed to carry out political senti-
ments, and where men are free. The idea of
the amendment meets with mv full concur-
rence. All that it lacks is having extension
enough to embrace all these things; so that
postmasters shall not be taxed; so that the
various officers of customs shall not be taxed;
so that the collectors of internal revenue shall
not be taxed: so that no man shall be taxed
to fight a partisan fight, as they have been
mercilessly of late.
Sir. of all the evils under which we groan
this thing of having our officers subsidized to
maintain other ineji in office is one of the
greatest. Such a policy is inconsistent with a
