1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
mi
Mr, INGERSOLL. I move to refer the
amendments to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
paul s. forbes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
th^ Senate to the amendments of the House to
jomt resolution of the Senate No. 99, for the
relief of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract
with the Navy Department for building and
furnishing the steam sloop-of-war Idaho. .
The amendments of the Senate, which were
of a verbal character, except the last one pro-
viding that the sum paid shall be in full dis-
charge of his contract with the Navy Depart-
ment, were concurred in.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john j. soiian.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of
the Senate to House bill No. 1053, granting an
increased pension to John J. Sohan.
The amendment of the Senate, providing
that the pension be paid out of the naval pen-
sion fund, was concurred in.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in: and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bankrupt bill.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 598, to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. Most of these amendments
are merely formal and verbal. The select
committee on the suhject of the bankrupt law
have had the subject under consideration, and
have instructed me to move to concur in all but
one.
Mr. BLAINE. "We cannot pass that bill
now.
Mr. JENCKES. I can explain the amend-
ments in five minutes. I move a concurrence
in all except the twenty-sixth; on that I call
the previous question. They are in groups.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman resumes
his seat and reserves the right to speak after
seconding the previous question, a hostile mo-
tion to lay on the table might be carried.
Mr. JENCKES. I will waive the call for
the previous question, and explain the amend-
ment. The first five of these amendments form
one group. The first amendment takes the
power of appointment of registers in bank-
ruptcy from the circuit courts and vests it in
the district courts of the United States. The
other four amendments following are to make
the bill symmetrical with that, amendment. On
the whole this is deemed an improvement. The
amendments, numbering from six to eleven,
provide for the framing of the rules and code
of practice under this bill by the justices of the
Supreme Court instead of by the commission-
ers to be appointed by the Chief Justice, as
provided in the bill as it passed the House.
The amendments following the sixth and sev-
enth are for the purpose of making the bill
symmetrical with the principal amendment.
The courts remain in session till June, andean
easily perform the duty themselves, so that the
rules of practice and the code will be estab-
lished under the authority of the highest tribu-
nal of the United States, and will be uniform
in every district of the United States.
The twelfth amendment provides that every
person filing a voluntary petition in bank-
ruptcy shall add to the oath required by the
House bill, of the truth of the subject-matter
and statements of his petition, a brief oath of
allegiance; not a test oath, but simply the
common oath of allegiance.
The thirteenth and fourteenth amendments
relate to the mode of appointing assignees, and
do not vary that feature of the House bill at
all. They simply require a majority of the
number of creditors as well as of the value of
the claims involved.
The fifteenth amendment is in relation to
the provision for prosecuting, to remedy upon
the bonds of the assignees. The provision is
made by the Senate amendment more direct
and simple than it is by the House bilk It pro-
vides that any aggrieved person may sue upon
the bond for his own benefit.
The sixteenth amendment strengthens the
exemption clause. The- House bill provided
that such property in the States as was exempt
from levy upon execution should also be ex-
empted from the effect of this act. In some
of the States this exemption clause extends to
other proceedings than levy upon execution.
The words inserted by the Senate are "prop-
erty exempted on other process or order of
any court." It therefore strengthens the pro-
vision which the House insisted upon, to ex-
empt the homestead and other property secured
in different States.
The seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth
amendments of the Senate simpiy change the
phraseology of the House bill relating to the
manner in which the wife of the bankrupt may
be examined in court. It does not change the
meaning of the House bill in the least.
The twentieth and twenty-first amendments
of the Senate relate to the discharge of the
bankrupt. They strike out the clause "that
no discharge shall be granted to the debtor the
third time bankrupt."
The twenty-second and twenty-third amend-
ments relate to the mode of the trial of the
validity of the bankrupt's discharge after it
has been granted. No change is made in the
meaning of the bill by these amendments; but
simply a briefer phrase is employed, and prob-
ably one more clear.
The twenty-fourth and the twenty-fifth amend-
ments of the Senate are merely formal, striking
out unnecessary words.
The twenty-sixth amendment is the one upon
which I ask for a separate voto.
The twenty-seventh and twenty-eight amend-
ments are purely formal.
The twenty-ninth amendment limits the ap-
plication of the bill to the business of moneyed
or commercial corporations.
All the amendments of the bill, except the
twenty-sixth, are unimportant, and merely
formal or verbal. I move that all the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in except
the twenty-sixth, upon which I shall ask a
separate vote. And upon that motion I call
for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I would inquire of the
Chair if it will be in order to call for a sepa-
rate vote upon any amendment after the pre-
vious question is seconded?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the amend-
ments of the Senate upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motioji, if success-
ful, will carry the bill to the table.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 03, nays 65, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Baker, Barker, Benjamin,
Blaine, Boutwcll, Bromwell, Broomall, Campbell,
Cobb, Cook, Culiom, Delano, Eidridge, Eliot, I'ar-
quhar, Finek, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hill, Chester D. Ilubbard, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kelso, Kerr, Latham, George V. Lawrcnce, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marston,
Maynard, McClurg, McKee, Mcrcur, Miller, J\ ib-
laek,Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Por-
ham, Priee, William II. Randall, Bitter, Rollins, (saw-
yer, Schenek, Shanklin, Sliollabarger, Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, Andrew II. Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welkcr, Whaley, and Stephen
E. Wilson—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, J ames
M. Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Bel-gen, Bovor, Buck-
land, Bunfly, Sidney Clarke, Cooper, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dodge, Donnelly, Farns-
w or tli, Perry, Glossbrenner, Grinnelj, Griswold, Ilart,
Higby, Hogan, John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Jenekes, Kasson, Kolley, Ketcham, Laflin, Long-
year, Lynch, Marvin, McRner, Moorhead, Morris,
Newell, Paine, Alexander H. llice. John H. Rice,
Ross, ScofieldJjSpaldinit, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Tay-
lor, Thayer, Kranois Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van A era am, Burt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Windom, rend WoodbridKe—65.
NOT VOTINQ—Messrs. Alley. Allison, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Braridejree, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling,
Culver, Bcfrees, Dcnison, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Eggleston, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Harris, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper. Hocch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Bern as Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James R, Hubhoil, Hulburd, Jones, Koontz,
Kuykendali, Marshall, JteCulloupch, Mclndoe, Mor-
rill, Moulton, Myers, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rogers,
Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stilwell, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, JEIihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—62.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to. .
During the roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL said: My colleague, 'Mr.
Myeks, left the House within half an hour
on account of indisposition.
Mr. HILL said: My colleague, Mr. senbk
L>. Washburn, is still absent by leave of the
House. I presume if he was here he would
vote against the proposition to lay on the table.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Before the call of the roll had been con-
cluded, the time fixed by order of the House
for taking a recess, half past four o'clock p.
m., arrived.
At the conclusion of the call (at fifteen
minutes before five o'clock p. m.) the House
took a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Cominittee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 140) for the relief of Charles Clark,
marshal of the United States for the district
of Maine; when the Speaker signed the same.
qold and silver mining statistics.
The SPEAKER., by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a prelimi-
nary report of James W. Taylor, special com-
missioner for the collection of statistics relative
to gold and silver mines and mining east of the
Rocky mountains, including the Alleghany gold
districts of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining.
leave to p1unt.
Mr. LEFTWICH asked and obtained leave
to have printed, as part of the debates, re-
marks on the bill to provide for the govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States.
prevention or SMUGGLES •
On motion of Mr. LONG-YEAR, by unani-
mous consent, the bill (S. No. G05) entitled
"An act to amend the twenty-first section of
an act entitled ' An act further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes,' " was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
alexandria canal.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill relating to the Alexandria
canal; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District, of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
