510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 10,
and prosper, then, as a great Power in the
future, and to avoid a repetition of the bloody
and devastating conflict through which we have
passed, equal and exact justice in maintaining
this republican system are just as necessary
as the two well-adjusted forces ih maintaining
the movements of the planetary world.
. In the gloom which pervades the land, and
the uncertainty which hangs like a pall over
the future of our country, I feel deeply solicit-
ous for the welfare of the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. The preserva-
tion of the'Union is as indispensable to the
maintenance of her liberty and her future
growth and development, as from her geo-
graphical position and the sturdy and virtuous
character of her people she is indispensable to
the maintenance of the Union itself. For I
have no hesitation in saying there is not a dis-
trict of country in the world of equal area in
which nature has been so liberal in scattering
her treasure. Her commerce finds an outlet
to the ocean through the Capes of the Dela-
ware ; the great interior is filled with mountains
of mineral, intersected with beautiful rivers
and valleys; while her western slopes embrace
the heads of the Ohio, and hold as it were in
her grasp the keys of the great valley.
England may boast her Birmingham and her
Sheffield. Already in the city of Pittsburg a
successful rival is to be found to either. This
great State alone is capable of sustaining a
population of twenty million souls. There is
really no limit to her capacity to produce. The
value of her western coal-fields alone is beyond
computation. The material for driving ma-
chinery is to be found at the base of every hill.
All_ this is inseparably connected with the
Union and a stable Government. We know
the story of our colonial history and our strug-
gle for independence and forthe establishment
of our present system of constitutional govern-
ment. Let it be remembered that revolution
is a word popular in every language; and that
decay is stamped on all the works of man. That
the .greatest of American writers, as a check
to human ambition, has pointed to Westminster
Abbey, which contains the tombs of so many
illustrious Britons, as the "empire of death,"
where the greatest name perishes from record
and recollection, and its "very monument be-
comes a ruin." Such is the fate of nations as
well as of individuals. Greece, the early home
of the arts and the sciences, owed her distinc-
tion to her republican institutions as well as to
• therepublic of tetters; but with civil dissension
came corruption, and civil war wreaked its
vengeance upon her fair fields and beautiful
cities. The Turk has reveled amid her broken
statuary and fallen columns. The clang of the
saber in defense of her ancient liberties has
long since ceased to be heard' on the field of
Marathon or at the base of the Acropolis. Her
sun went down in the night of barbarism and
savage debasement. Rome, a nation that laid
broad and deep the foundation of a lofty civil-
ization, whose poets, orators, statesmen, and
historians shone Eke the milky-path in the
heavens, and whose works are models at the
present day, yielded to a similar spirit, and
her power and glory have long since departed.
"Time, war, flood, and fire
Have dealt upon the seven-hilled city's pride.
She saw her glories, star by star, expire."
Shall this noble experiment of free Govern-
ment, this model Republic, in the morning
of its existence be doomed to shaje a similar
fate, and liberty find a grave in the land that
has been crimsoned with the blood of her mar-
tyrs, and that contains within her bosom the
ashes of her Washington? Nol Let the young
America rise superior to the shackles of party
and sectional interest, apd with renewed en-
ergy and patriotic devotion cling to the Con-
stitution of our fathers as our only hope, and
as Mr. Webster has so beautifully expressed
it, as the mariner clings to the last plank
when night and the tempest close around him.
Before the conclusion of the remarks of Mr.
Dawson his hour expired, whereupon
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor, butyieldedto
Mr. SPALDING, who moved that the time
of Mr. Dawson be extended so as to allow
him to conclude his remarks.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to that.
When a gentleman of my own party [Mr. Bing-
ham] was speaking, and an extension of his
time was asked, I gave notice that so far as I
was concerned I should object to the extension
of time in any other case. I cannot depart
from that notice, although I am sorry to apply
the rule to my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dawson.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman have leave to print the remainder
of his remarks.
Mr. HILL. I desire very much that the
gentleman [Mr. Stevens] shall yield his ob-
jection, so that I may have an opportunity
of putting a question to his colleague, [Mr.
Dawson. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania insists on his objection.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I give notice that
with my consent there shall never be another
extension of time so long as I am a member
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Baker] is not desirous of going on
to-night, I will move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, so that we may pass an
appropriation bill which it is very necessary to
pass to-day.
Mr. BAKER. That is entirely satisfactory
to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will be entitled to the floor when the House
resumes the consideration of this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
war debts of loyal states.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House recommitted to the
Committee on War Debts of the Loyal States
the bill (H. R. No. 998) to reimburse the States
that furnished troops to the Union Army for
advances made and expenses incurred in rais-
ing the same.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 896, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1867.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be upon the following amendment, offered
by Mr. Benjamin :
in lines eight hundred and ninety-eight and eight
hundred and ninety-nine strike out the words " and
additional compensation of officers and clerks;" so
that the clause will read as follows:
For salaries of additional clerks, under act of Au-
gust 6, 1846, for the bettor organization of the Treas-
ury, at such rates as the Secretary may deem just and
reasonable, $60,000.
Mr. DAWSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word; and pro-
ceeded to deliver the concluding portion of his
speech as printed in the foregoing proceedings.
Before closing he was interrupted by
Mr. STEVENS, who said: Mr. Chairman,
are we not is Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order, the
legislative appropriation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] has
moved an amendment, on which he has the
right to speak for five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see the perti-
nencyof the gentleman's remarks. The pend-
ing amendment relates to additional clerks.
Mr. DAWSON. The gentleman will doubt-
less see the applicability of my remarks before
I conclude.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] will proceed.
Mr. Dawson resumed and concluded his
speech.
Mr. HILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dawson.] I listened with a great deal
of pleasure to the high eulogy pronounced by
the gentleman upon the present occupant of
the White House for acts done by him prior
to the time when he became either President
or Vice President. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether those eminent qualities which
he has so highly eulogized were sufficient to
induce him to vote for Mr. Johnson for Vice
President in 1864. I will yield the gentleman
enough of my time to allow him to answer.
Mr. DAWSON. The gentleman asks me
whether I voted for the nominee of his party
in 1864. I will only say that the question has
nothing to do with principle.
Mr. HILL. I am not sure whether I un-
derstood correctly the gentleman's answer. I
understood him to say 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. T submit that both the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr." Dawson]
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hill]
are out of order, as the legislative appropriation
bill is the special order, and the remarks of the
gentlemen have no relation to that subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. This is the estimate for the
officers now employed in the sub-Treasury
department of the Government. It is pre-
cisely the same heretofore provided for be law
and in the words of the law. It is for carrying
on the sub-Treasury according to the law passed
in 1846.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Forthe
purpose of finding out whether there is a quo-
rum I call for a division on the amendment.
This_ is an important appropriation bill, and I
have no idea of its being considered without a
quorum.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 19, noes 20.
The Chairman ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Farns-
worth.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes 62.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salaries of additional clerks and additional
compensation ofofficors and clerks, under the act of
August (3, 1846, for the better organization of tho
Treasury, at such rates as the Secretary may deem
just and reasonable, $60,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out in line nine hundred and one "at
such rates as the Secretary may deem just and
reasonable.''
It was agreed by the gentleman from Towa,
[Mr. Kasson,] who had charge of tbe bill, that
these words should be stricken out and that
"atexisting rates" should be inserted in their
stead, which I also make a part of my amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salaries of ton supervising and fifty-nine local
inspectors, appointed under act of the 30th August,
1852, for tho better protection of the lives of passen-
gers by; steamboats, with traveling and other ex-
penses incurred by them, including the expenses of
their annual meeting, $100,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert after the word "meeting'' the words
II and for a more thorough investigation of the
