1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
informally by unanimous consent. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it for debate, or simply
for a vote ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For a vote, as I under-
stand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if it
is to be laid aside informally, and if there is to
be no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the question is on the
motion to reconsider the vote of the Senate on
the bill (S. No. 276) to establish a department
of education.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I merely wish to say
that I moved the reconsideration of this bill
after its final passage for the purpose of hav-
ing my vote recorded upon it. I desire to have
the record made up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion to
reconsider will not be agreed to, and that will
end the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
bill was passed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question as a test vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DAVIS (when his name was called)
said: I have paired off on this question with
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon.]
If he were here he would vote against the
motion to reconsider, and if I were at liberty
to vote I should vote in favor of the reconsid-
eration.
The result was then announced—yeas 7,
nays 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Fessenden, Grimes,
Hendricks, Nesmith, Saulsbury, and Van Winkle—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Creswoll, Edmunds, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
derson, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, MeDougall, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg,Fowler, Gutlirie, Harris, How-
ard, Johnson, Norton, Patterson, Riddle, Ross, and
Yates—17.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
inhabitants on the public lands.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill of the Senate (S. No.
532) for the relief of the inhabitants of cities
and towns on the public lands, to report it
with an amendment, and I ask for its present
consideration in order that it may go back to
the House at once.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Lands was to add to the House
amendment the following proviso :
And provided further. That no title shall bo ac-
quired undor the provisions of this act to any mine
of gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House, as amerfded,
was concurred in.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill of the House No.
1039, making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and tor fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
."50, 1868, submitted the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
r0,1," i°r « 0 vrW01S:;!a3e3,™ the amendments to the
bill ill. R. No. 1039) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of tha Indian de-
partment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various tribes for the year ending 30th Jane, 1868
havingmet.at'terfullanafree conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House rceedo from its disagreement to the
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, us follows: strike out the words
"for first installment of annuity" and insert "for
first of payments to be made during tho pleasure of
Congress," and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from tho second amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the samo with an amend-
ment, as follows: strike out the words "for first install-
ment of annuity" and insert "for first of payments
to be made during the pleasureof Congress," and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from tho third amendment
oftheSenate.andagreetothesame with thefollowing
amendments: strike out the words " Secretary of the
Interior" and insert "President;" strike out the
word "fifteen" and insert the word "ten," and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the Houso recede from its disagreement to tho
fifth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, striking out the word " ten "
and inserting the word "five," and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to tho
sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: add at the end
of the section the following proviso: "Provided,
That the Attorney General of theUnited States shall
be, and is hereby, instructed to inquire into the con-
dition of the funds held in trust by the United State3
for said tribes and for all other tribes of Indians, and
what remedy exists for the security of the United
States in respect to the non-paying stock so held, the
value thereof, what stocks are non-paying, and what
proceedings should be taken for the security of the
United States in respect to the same, and report to
Congress on the first Monday of December next,"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out the
words "for first installment of annuity" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " for first payments to be
made during the pleasure of Congress," andthe'Sen-
ate agreo to the same.
That the Senate recede from its tenth amend-
ment.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment striking out the word
"Tamer" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"Tama," and the Senate agreo to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the ;
twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the \
same with amendments, as follows: strike out the
words " Secretary of the Interior" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "President;" strike out the word
" seventy" and insert in lieu thereof the words
"thirty-five " and the Senate agreo to the same.
That tho Housereoede from its disagreement to the
twentieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
samo.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments, as follows: strike out
the words "seven thousand and two" and insert in
lieu thereof tho words "three thousand iftid six,"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
tho twenty-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and
agreo to the samo with amendments, as follows: add
at tho end the following words: "except in case of
extreme necessity, the facts of which shall be certi-
fied to the Secretary of Warby the officercommand-
ing that military district,"and the Senate agreo to the
same.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-second
amendment.
That the Senate recedefrom its thirty-third amend-
ment.
That the Senato recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tbe thirty-fourth
amendment of the Senate and agree to the same
with thefollowing amendment: striko out all after
the enacting clause of said House amendment and
insert in lieu thereof tho following: "That the sum
hereinbefore appropriated to the Miamis of Indi-
ana, or which shall hereafter be appropriated to
them, shall only be paid to such persons as may be,
upon the opinion of tho Attorney General, legally
entitled to the same under the provisions of the
treaty with said Indians of June 5,1854,"and Senate
amendments thereto, regardless of any subsequent
legislation.
JOHN B. HENDERSON,
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
L. M. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
WILLIAM WINDOM,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
internal revenue.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 1161, to
amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives ; and
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by tho House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Hend-
ricks.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1120) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 18G8, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; and
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN,
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, Thattheconfereeson the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lane, and Sir. Kirkwood.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the second committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 896) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1868, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropriations for tho
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of tho
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1868, having met, after full and free conference ha«o
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered one, two, three, four, six, eight, ten, and
eleven.
That the House of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senatenum-
berednine, eighteen, twenty-eight, thirty-five, forty-
five, and forty-seven, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from their
amendment to the forty-sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same.
The committee of conference further report that
they are unable to agree upon the amendments num-
bered forty-four, forty-eight, and fifty.
JOHN SHERMAN,
LUKE P. POLAND,
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J.F. FARNSWORTH,
F. E.WOODBRIDGE,
C. A. ELD1UDGE.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN.. The points of disagree-
ment still between the two Houses relate to
the amendments with regard to the salaries of
the district judges, with regard to the compen-
sation of some of the employes of the Senate,
and certain extra compensation voted by res-
olution of the House to their own employes.
On these three points the conferees were un-
able to agree. There are but two courses to
take : either that the Senate insist on these
amendments and ask for another conference
on these points, or that the Senate recede from
all its other amendments and adhere to its
action upon the points of disagreement. I do
not know which would be the best course.
This is the second committee of conference.
The first having been unable to agree, the
second have made only a partial agreement.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope whatever com-
mittee is appointed will be instructed to let
each House settle the compensation of its own
officers. I think it is discreditable to the two
Houses to be disputing with each other, each
House questioning the right of the other to fix
the compensation of its own officers. I am
willing that the House of Representatives
should fix the compensation of its officers and
take the responsibility of it, and we fix the
compensation of our officers, and take the
responsibility of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What mo-
tion does the Senator from Ohio make?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that another com-
mittee of conference be asked for on the dis-
agreeing votes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Had the report better
not be accepted so far as an agreement has
been had ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I move that the
report be concurred in so far as it goes.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate insist on its action upon the amend-
ments not disposed of by this report, and ask
