1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
cause of disaster to vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam."
Mr. Chairman, one word in regard to that
matter. I shall move a farther amendment
after this is adopted. I introduce the amend-
ment for the purpose of giving additional au-
thority to these supervising inspectors to inves-
tigate into the cause of these disasters. As
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, I
have had several conferences with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on this subject. There
was the Evening Star, where there was a great
loss of life. There was the Fashion, at Mobile,
where three or four hundred lives were lost.
There was the more recent disaster of the
steamer Commodore of the Sound line.
There are a great many vessels which during
the war were under charter by the Government,
but which since the Government has dispensed
with them have gone into-the service of pri-
vate corporations. These vessels are put
again in use, although in many cases they have
been proved to be unseaworthy. There is the
case of the Commodore, and it is one of the
most flagrant of which I have any informa-
tion. It was a steamer plying on Long Island
sound, on one of the great lines of travel
between Boston and New York. It was
deemed so unseaworthy that the supervising
and local inspectors had refused to give a
license, yet the owners of that line, in utter
defiance of law, ran that steamer, exposing
the lives of hundreds of passengers every night.
And, sir, it was a miracle that every life on
board was not lost.
I desire the Treasury Department may be
invested with authority to make most stringent
investigations. And I hope in the case of
the Commodore there will be a criminal pros-
ecution entered against every man who had
anything to do with running her. Under the
circumstances I hope the amendment will be
adopted, and then I will ask that an additional
appropriation be made to carry it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to make this effective, if these investigations
and prosecutions are to go on, I move to
increase the appropriation from $100,000 to
$110,000. I desire the Government shall be
armed with sufficient authority to prosecute all
the men "who have been arraigned.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Judiciary—office of the Attorney General:
For salaries of the Attorney General, assistant at-
torney general, and tlio clerks and messenger in Ms
offico, $27,500.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert after the
words " assistant attorney general" the words,
" law clerk and chief clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to the
tenth circuit for attending session of the Supreme
Court of the United States. $1,000.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike that out.
Mr. HfGBY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I hope it will not prevail.
Mr. GRIN NELL. I see no appropriation
for the traveling expenses of the judge who
resides in my State of Iowa; and if this pro-
vision be retained I shall move to appropriate
two hundred and fifty or five hundred dollars
to him for that purpose. But I am opposed to
this altogether. This is nothing more than a
gratuity to this gentleman.
Mr. HlGBY. This is established by law.
Mr. HILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I suppose this appropriation would
not be put in the bill if there was no sum pro-
vided by law for this purpose for the judge of
the tenth circuit. This is carrying out the
provisions of an existing law. The amount
may be considered large, but the law exists,
and wc certainly ought not to repeal it in this
underhanded way. Let it be done fairly if it
is to be done at all, and not by striking out a
provision in an appropriation bill to carry out
an existing law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For facilitating communication between the At-
lantic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph,
$40,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to strike out this clause.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This item was
stricken out of the deficiency bill, -and to be
consistent the House should strike it out of
this bill for the coming year. I understand
there has been a very flagrant violation of the
contract on the part of the telegraph company,
and for that r«ason the Senate struck out this
item.
Mr.' STEVENS. We ordered this to be
stricken out in the deficiency bill, and it should
be stricken out of this, upon the ground that
the company have not complied with their part
of the contract, as I am informed the Senate
on investigation have discovered, and accord-
ingly refused to pay it.
Mr. DODGE. This appropriation of $40,000
is for the fulfillment of a contract with the tel-
egraph company which was made, as I under-
stand, five or six years ago, when there was no
telegraph line between the Atlantic and Pacific
States. For the purpose of aiding the telegraph
company in constructing a line from the Mis-
souri river to San Francisco the Government
entered into a contract to pay them this sum
every year for ten years. The money has been
paid for a number of years, and the telegraph
company have fulfilled the contract on their
part. They have constructed the line and
transmitted messages for the Government
under the terms of the contract from year to
year. In addition to the line which they con-
structed under the contract, which is now the
old line, and which has recently been inter-
rupted by Indian depredations, they have a
new line, and they are from day to day trans-
mitting messages for the Government over it.
They claim that they have fulfilled their con-
tract, and they are ready now to submit the
question of fulfillment to any committee of
Congress. Indeed, they have been before a
committee for that purpose. This appropria-
tion was ordered for the purpose of facilitating
communication between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific. We are now in daily inter-
course by telegraph, and yet gentlemen seem
to think it is of no consequence whether this
contract should be carried out or not. I trust
the appropriation will not be stricken out with-
out full consideration on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. This House has twice in-
serted this same appropriation, and the Senate
has twice stricken it out, and the House acqui-
esced upon the assurance on the part of the
Senate that the company had not fulfilled their
contract. Now I propose that we strike it out
here, and if the company have fulfilled their
contract to the satisfaction of the Senate, which
has investigated the matter, and the Senate shall
insert it and send it back to us, we will then
concur.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he has any
knowledge of the fact of the violation of the
contract?
Mr. STEVENS. None except what I have
received from the chairman of the Committee
on Finance in the Senate, who assured me that
the company had not complied with their con-
tract.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that as this
is a contract, unless we h&ve knowledge of our
own to justify us in refusing the appropriation,
it would be hardly right for us to throw the
responsibility upon the other branch of Con-
gress. Let ns fulfill this contract on our part
unless we can put our fingers upon some speci-
fication that will justify us in declining to do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 34, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tlemen who are opposed to striking out this item
that they allow it to be stricken out in commit-
tee and have a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that unless we have some reason given for not
doing so we leave it in, in fulfillment of our
contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
swindle involving hundreds of thousands of
dollars.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Illinois is in
the habit of calling everybody a swindler who
has any claim upon the Government.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment;
and Messrs. Dodge and Fabksworth were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not We can easily
get through this bill to-night.
Mr. RADFORD. We cannot get throng
the bill to-night. It is half past four now and
I am hungry. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Radford's
motion; and the committee refused to rise.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
following clause:
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, $2,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salary of the reporter of the Supreme Court
of the United States, $2,500, if one volume only of
the reports is published as heretofore; and incase
the Supreme Court should direct him to publish two
volumes, then the sum of $2,500 for each volume so
published.
By law this reporter's fee is $2,500 a volume.
It was supposed when this pay was fixed that
one volume would contain all that it would be
necessary to report. It is thought now that
owing to the increase of business the Supreme
Court will direct two volumes to be published,
and if they do that of course there must be an
additional appropriation of the same amount.
The contract with the reporter only extends
to a single volume. I understand the prob-
ability is that the Supreme Court will find it
necessary to have another volume published
in order to disseminate all their opinions.
Mr. HALE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that under existing law this reporter
is paid by the volume and not by the year?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, by
the year.
Mr. HALE. I supposed he was paid by
the year.
Mr. STEVENS. He was only to furnish
one volume a year.
Mr. HALE. I know that has been the prac-
tice, and I only wish to say that for one it
strikes me, as a lawyer, that the true rule of
policy would be the reverse of that proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Let us
pay him $2,500 if he publishes only one vol-
ume, and a less salary if he publishes two
volumes.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to a question of
order. There is more than one gentleman
upon the floor discussing this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale] to
be opposing the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. HALE. I rose to oppose the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and I be-
lieve that I am in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is in or-
der, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] having surrendered the floor.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that the tend-
ency to increase and multiply these reports by
filling up volumes with the arguments aua
points of counsel, which might be condensed
very materially, thus adding to the value of the
reports, ought not to be encouraged by Con-
gress by making the salary of the reporter de-
pend upon the number of volumes he shall
produce. I therefore hope that this amend-
ment will not prevail, but that we shall leave
this reporter at an annual salary.
