1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion .was agreed to.
justices of the peace in tiie district.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of amendments of the
Senate to bill of the House No. 571, to reg-
ulate proceedings before justices of the peace
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WELKER. The amendments of the
Senate are merely verbal. I hope they will be
concurred in by the House.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by whicli the amendments of the Senate
were agreed* toand also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clilmes is tiik district.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
431, providing for the punishment of certain
crimes therein named in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the following section:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where attorneys aro appointed by thecourt to defend
persons on their trial, the oourt may order tho pay-
ment of such fee for such defense as may be deemed
reasonable, but in no instance to exceed twenty-Jivo
dollars.
Mr. WELKER. I hope that amendment will
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
direct tax in west virginia.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the consideration of amendments of the Senate
to the amendments of the House to the joint
resolution of the Senate No. 90, to suspend
temporarily the collection of the direct tax
within the State of West Virginia.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out all of section one of the House amend-
ment after the enacting clause, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That in ascertaining the quota of the State of West
Virginia of the direct tax imposed by the act of
August 5, 1861, the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized and directed to charge the said State with
such proportion of the said tax apportioned to the
State of Virginia as the value of the real estate in
the counties now composing the State of West Vir-
ginia, including Berkeley and Jefferson, bears to tho
value of all the real estate of the then State of Vir-
ginia, as ascertained by the assessment for State
taxation of the real estate of the said State of Vir-
ginia in the year 1860, giving credit to the State of
West Virginia for suehpart of its proportion so ascer-
tained as has been already paid.
Mr. ALLISON. I move the House concur
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Several verbal amendments were also con-
curred in.
The last amendment was to strike out all of
section six, as follows :
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That section two
of the act entitled "An act further to amend an act
entitled 'An act for the collection of direct taxes in
the insurrectionary States within the United States
and for other purposes,' approved June 7, 1862,
approved Mareli 3.1865, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and certificates of sales shall be received
in all courts and places as prima facie evidence of
the regularity and validity of sa.id sales and of the
title of the parties or purchasers under the same as
provided in section seven of an act entitled "An act
lor the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
States within the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 7,1862.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House non-
concur in that amendment.
Mr. BIN GIT AM. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
before the question is taken upon this amend-
ment. I desire to inquire of him whether the
effect of the section just read, if it is retained
in the bill, is not to make valid the several 
made of property for the non-payment of taxes
in the insurrectionary States ?
Mr. ALLISON. I presume the effect of that
section would be to make the certificate of such
sale ■prima facie evidence of title.
Mr. BINGHAM. If that be the case then
I hope the section will be retained.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House concur in the amendment of the Senate
in striking out the section just read ?
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
various votes upon tho amendments of tho
Senate; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that a committee
of conferenca he asked upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
minor children op s0l05i0n long.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of tho Senate to House
bill No. 1058, for the relief of the minor chil-
dren of Solomon Long.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all after the cnacting clause and insert tho
following:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, andishereby,
authorized and directed to place upon tho pension-
rolls tho names of tho children under sixteen years
of ago of Solomon Long, deceased, who was a private
in company E. fifth regiment Kontucky cavalry vol-
unteers, under the provisions of existing laws in sim-
ilar cases,to take effect from and after tho passagoof
this act.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of tho Senate.
Mr. PERHAM. I move that tho amend-
ment of the Senate be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Perham] will withdraw that
motion. I can assure him that tho amend-
ment of the Senate does not materially change
the effect and purpose of the bill as passed by
the House.
Mr. PERHAM. Upon that assurance of
the gentleman I withdraw my motion to refer.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
The amendment of the Senate «to the title,
to make it read "An act for the relief of the
children of Solomon Long, under sixteen years
of age," was also concurred in.
joiin gray.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 1014, for the relief
of J ohn Gray, a revolutionary soldier.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In lino four strike out the words "Commissioner
of Pensions," and insert in lieu thereof tho words
"Seoieta:yof the Interior."
Mr. PRICE. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
daniel frederick bakeman.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
1015) for the relief of Daniel Frederick Bake-
man, a revolutionary soldier.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In line one strike out the words" Commissioner of
Pensions" and insert in lieu thereof tho words " Sec-
retary of the Interior."
Mr. PRICE. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national cemeteries.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 788) to establish and to protect national
cemeteries.
The amendments were read.
Mr. DEMING. These amendments are
merely verbal, and I move that the House
concur.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DEMING moved' to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
pension bills referred.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, Senate bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles
were taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions:
An act (S. No. 535) for tho benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page;
An act (S. No. 581) granting a pension to
Olivia W. Cannon;
A joint resolution (S. No. 171) for the relief
of Martha McCook;
An act (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon;
An act (S. No. 558) for the relief of Martha
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee,
widow of Alexander I). Smith, deceased;
An act (S. No. 497) granting a pension to
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould
An act (S. No. 408) grauting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum ;
An act (S. No. 512) for the relief of Ken-
nedy O'Brien ;
An act (S. No. 554) granting a pension to
John Carter;
An act (S. No. 5in) granting a pension to
Patrick Meohan;
An act (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
Charles N. Weiss;
An act (S. No. 515) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
An act (S. No. 514) for the relief of Charles
Appleton;
An act (S. No. 550) for the relief of Caro-
line McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee,
widow of Lemuel McGee, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 538) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions have
leave to report these bills on next Wednesday
evening.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. PERIIAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the committee have leave to report at the
same time any other bills whieh they may be
ready to report.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
alcoiiol for scientific institutions.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, by unani-
mous consent, joint resolution (S. R. No. 103)
to provide, in certain cases, for the removal
of alcohol from bonded warehouses free from
internal tax, was taken from the Speaker's
table and read a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the joint res-
olution to a third reading, it was read at length.
The joiut resolution provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be authorized to grant per-
mits to curators of incorporated or chartered
scientific institutions to withdraw alcohol in
specified quantities from bond without payment
of the internal revenue tax on the same, or on
tho spirits from which the alcohol has been
distilled, for the sole and exclusive purpose of
preserving specimens of anatomy, physiology,
or of natural history belonging to said institu-
tions. The curators, on applying for such per-
mit, are to file a bond for double the amount
of die tax on tho alcohol to be withdrawn, with
two good and sufficient sureties, who shaH not
be officers of the institution making application;
the bond and sureties to be approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and con-
ditioned that the whole quantity of alcohol so
