1276
flE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
withdrawn from bond shall be used for the pur-
pose above specified and for no other, and that
the curators shall comply with such other re-
quirements and regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe. If any alcohol so
obtained shall be used by any curator or other
officer of said institution for any purpose other
thaaithat above specified, the curators, officers,
or sureties are to pay the tax on the whole
amount of alcohol withdrawn from bond, to-
gether with a like amount as a penalty in addi-
tion thereto.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
KODNDllY METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHCKCH.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous oonsent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 500, to authorize the trustees of the
Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church to sell
and convey square No. 235, in the city of
Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that Presley Simpson,
James W. Barker, Edward Owen, David A.
Gardner, Nathaniel Mullikin, AVilliam J. Sib-
ley, Daniel D. T. Leech, Edward F. Simpson,
and Richard T. Morsell, trustees of the Foun-
dry Methodist Episcopal Church, in the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, and
their succcssors in office, be authorized and
empowered to sell aud convey a certain square
of ground in said city, known and distinguished
011 the ground plan thereof as square No. 235,
now held by. said trustees in trust for said
church, and lately used, in part, as a burial
ground, free and discharged of and from any
trust, express or implied, now existing, or
which may hereafter, before the execution of a
conveyance of said square, exist, in said trus-
tees, or their succcssors, whether by virtue of
the deed originally conveying the same to the
trustees of said church, or by virtue of any
deed or deeds, certificate or certificates, or any
writing or writings whatever, by said trustees
or their predecessors, conveying any lot or
lots, site or sites, in the part ot said square
used uk a burial ground as aforesaid, and free
and discharged oi'antl from any and every right,
title, and interest, legal and equitable, now
existing in any lot holder in said burial ground,
under any contract with said trustees or their
predecessors; provided, however, that the
said trustees or their successors shall, out of
the proceeds of such sale, remove or cause t,o
be removed the dead that are now interred in
said ground, and give them decent sepulture in
some public cemetery outsido the corporate
limits of the city of Washington.
The bill wax then ordered to bo read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax 1«hj.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boctweu, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the spccial
order, being House bill No. 1161, to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue.
The pending paragraph was road as follows ;
On cigarcttes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or any substitute therefor, the
market value of which, including the tax, is not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand: when exceeding eight dollars i>er thou-
sand, in market value, including tho tax, a tax of
eight dollars per thousand.
The pending amendment, submitted by Sir.
Myers, is as follows:
Strike out in line ninety-three all after tho word
"therefor " and insert "five dollars per thousand;"
so it will read:
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or any substitute thereto,
five dollars per thousand.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the last
word.
Mr. Chairman, I hardly know whether I am
in favor of the amendment or the section as it
now stands. I' do not understand it, and I
wish some member of the committee would
explain it.
This section provides the tax Shall be two
dollars a thousand on all cigars, the value of
which including the tax shall be less than eight
dollars a thousand; and the tax shall be eight
dollars a thousand on all cigars the value of
which including the tax shall be eight dollars
a thousand. Now, suppose the cigars are
worth six dollars exclusive of the tax, I am at
a loss to know whether two dollars or eight
dollars is to be paid. On cigars worth three
dollars a thousand if you add two dollars tax,
then including the tax they fall below eight
dollars. I want gentlemen to tell me what
this moans, whether cigars worth less than six
dollars without the tax are to be taxed two
dollars or eight dollars.
I do not ask what this paragraph means, for
it does not mean anything. It is ambiguous.
I ask what the gentlemen who drew the bill
meant by it? What do they expect of the
officers in the execution of the law ?
Mr. MYERS. Let the gentleman adopt my
amendment and ho will avoid all ambiguity.
Mr. PAINE. Perhaps I shall be obliged
to do so unless this can be explained. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DARLING. I renew it. I am opposed
to tho ponding amendment. In the first place
I wish to strike out tho whole of that paragraph
and insert in lieu of it a substitute that I have
prepared. The select committee that has had
chargo of the investigation of revenue frauds
embraced within the scope of their investiga-
tion the manufacture of cigars as well as whisky,
and wo found very great frauds existing through
defects in the present law. We found a defect
in tho matter of appraisement, tho manufac-
turer being in fact the appraiser of his own
cigars. '
Now, sir, under the present bill as amended
all tho cigars made in these large cities, and I
do not know but throughout the country, will
be sold at eight dollars and no higher. They
will bo sold through intermediate agents, who
by their sales establish the market value, and
all the tax you will ever get upon domestic
manufactured cigars will bo two dollars under
this bill. Now, every man knows that for a
cigar that pays a tax of less than one cent the
consumer lias to pay a whole cent. The frac-
tion of a cent which this bill proposes to im-
pose does not inure to the benefit of the Gov-
ernment, but to that of the manufacturer alto-
gether. Tho consumers are not benefited by
that discrimination, because tho manufacturer
puts upon tho price of the cigars not eight
tenths or two tenths of a cent, but the whole
cent. Why, then, should not the Government
collect the whole ccnt, seeing it does not take
out of the pockets of the consumer any more
than if a less tax is imposed ?
Following out that argument, I contend that
the tax should be ten dollars a thousand, be-
cause nobody will get cigars any cheaper if
you tax them less, and the Government might
as well have the benefit of the addition of two
dollars a thousand. Tax j'our home-made
cigars, that is cigars made of tobacco raised
in Connecticut, Ohio, Pennsylvania, or else-
where in the United States, and impose a tax
on tho imported leaf. Abolish your present
laws which require the putting on of stamps
and the giving of bonds, which arc a fruitful
source of fraud. Provide internal revenue
stamps of suitable denominations to be used
by inspectors which shall indicate the quan-
tity of cigars, and let them all be paid for
when they are affixed. If this amendment is
voted down I shall then submit mine.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suggest that the gen-
tleman have his amendment read for informa-
tion.
Mr. DARLING. I will do so. I propose
that cigars made of American tobacco be
taxed all alike, while in reference to those
made of foreign tobacco they will have to pay
a tariff duty.
The amendment proposed to be submitted
by Mr. Darling was read as follows:
Strikeout tho pending paragraph of tho bill and
insert in lieu thereof the following :
The tax upon cigars shall be atthoTiniform rate
of ten dollars per thousand, and shall be collected in
the following manner: tho Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue shall provide stamps of suitable denom-
inations to be used by inspectors of cigars, which
stamps shall be furnished to and sold by collectors
of internal revenue: and each and every of said
stampsshall indicate the amount paid therefor, which
amount shall bo deemed and taken as tho tax or duty
upon the cigars contained in any box or package on
which said stamp may be placcd. Sucli stamp shall
bo canceled by the inspector when ho affixes it to tho
box or package, in the manner now provided by law
for canceling cigar stamps: Provided, That no stamp
shall bo sold to any person not a manufacturer of
cigars, and only to such manufactureis as are within
the district of the officer selling the stamps. And all
cigars offered for sal e by manufacturers, not contained
in boxes or packages properly stamped as herein di-
rected, shall bo liaole to seizure and forfoiturc. And
all proceeds beyond the tax due shall inure to the
informer.
Mr. KASSON. This is an old question, I
remember, for several years in connection with
the laws relating to internal revenue. With a
view to something practical upon which there
could bo harmony of action I had prepared
an amendment to the clause now before the
House, which rests upon the same principle,
and, I believe, seeks to accomplish the same
object with this exception. I do not enter at
all into the details for the purpose of carrying
it into effect, as has been done by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Dakling.] I call
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the amendment which I propose.
As I understand the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myeiis,] he
proposes to change the tax from an ad valorem
to a specific tax of five dollars per thousand. I
move to make it ten dollars per thousand. The
sense of the Committee of the Whole can be
taken upon changing the tax from a valuation
to a specific tax. I understand that many
members of the House and some of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means
have been in favor of this for several years.
The simple fact is that nnder the valuation
system of taxation the dishonest always take
precedence and get the advantage of the honest;
the honest man bears the burden of the tax,
while the dishonest man escapes from it. But
by the system I propose you will establish a
common level grade of one cent per cigar,
which the manufacturer must pay as the in-
ternal revenue tax. The difference in the mar-
ket value of the cigar will then depend en-
tirely upon the quality of the tobacco of which
it is made. Now, it is for the interest of the
consumer as well as of the manufacturer that
this system of taxation should be adopted. On
the question of count there is opportunity
neither for evasion of conscience nor evasion
of fact. It is a simple matter to determine
how many cigars there are. But the more
grades you establish for valuation the more
temptation there is presented for perjury and
dishonesty. All revenue bills up to the present
time that depend upon valuation have been
but a continual series of experiments.
Now, it seems to mo that every step which
Congress takes should be in the direction of a
specific tax, for that will remove temptation,
and necessarily avoid the dishonesty that flows
from the temptation. When this is done, I ap-
prehend there will be no difficulty in so adjust-
ing the import duties upon tobacco and cigars
as to accomplish the purpose of the House.
When the tax depends simply upon count, upon
the number of the cigars to be taxed, there is
almost an impossibility of any fraud upon the
revenue.
