1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1953
necessary to compensate Mr. Webb for the
building of the Dunderberg in the bill which
has been passed by Congress providing for the
compensation to iron-clad constructors. I de-
sire in this connection to say, while I am rip,
that I am in favor of either fully compensating
Mr. Webb for his ship or releasing him; but I
very much prefer compensating to releasing
him, because this great engine of war, in my
opinion, ought to remain in the possession of
our Government and not put in the hands of
any other.
Mr. GRIMES. Some three or four years
ago the Government contracted with Mr. Webb
for the construction of a vessel-of-war, for which
he was to receive the sum of $1,250,000. There
has been advanced to him nearly a million dol-
lars. Something like nine hundred and fifty
or nine hundred and seventy thousand dollars.
The vessel has cost him in the neighborhood
of two million. He thinks he can sell her to
some Government that is at peace with this
country and with all the world, and has sought
an opportunity to do so, at a price not only
greater than that which we contracted to pay,
but that which it cost him; and in order to get
aw opportunity to do so he has proffered to
the Secretary of the Navy to build another ves-
sel of as large capacity and as good war qualities,
as great speed, in every respect as perfect a
vessel as this, for the sum of $1,250,000, the
original price contracted for. If this bill passes,
therefore, we shall be relieved from all claim
of Mr. Webb upon us to make good the differ-
ence between $1,250,000, which we contracted
to pay, and the cost of the vessel, which was a
little upward of two million, probably. I am
not prepared to state the exact amount which
it has cost him accurately, but somewhere in
the neighborhood of two million dollars. We
would save three quarters of a million, and
if the Secretary of the Navy chose, could have
another vessel as good as this one, or we would
save that amount of money to Mr. Webb. Under
the bill to which the Senator refers it is not
thought, I believe, that Mr. Webb will be able to
secure much. The House committee have been
very strenuous as to the provisions of that bill.
Probably it would cover the case of the con-
tractors of the other iron-clads, but I suspect
it would not really be of much advantage to
Mr. Webb.
Mr. CONNESS. I said when up before
that I was in favor of fully compensating Mr.
Webb; but I cannot help uttering here the
opinion that this vessel ought not to pass out
of our hands. It is suggested that she may be
sold, profitably by the contractor or builder,
to a Government with which we are at peace.
I have no doubt of that. But suppose Mr.
Webb should sell her to the Colombian Govern-
ment, and the Colombian Government should
then undertake to say we should not passthrough
its territory any longer? Why, sir, with the
Dunderberg at Aspinwall she might defy our
entire Navy. That may be said to be an im-
probable circumstance, but it is a circumstance
entirely possible to occur. I think it is a very
serious proposition to pass this vessel out of
our hands. I think if the war capacities of the
vessel were now known accurately to both
branches of Congress 
Mr. GRIMES. Do you know them?
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I do know some-
thing of them—that they would hesitate before
they would give this vessel to the contractor
rather than pay him the full cost of her. That
is all I have to say about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly indifferent
as to the passage of the bill. It met the ap-
proval of the Department, and, so far as I know,
of all naval officers who have examined the
Dunderbersr and know her capacity.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the case to
be exactly this: that the Government of the
United States has employed Mr. Webb to build
an iron-clad vessel-of-war, and that he has
nearly completed the job and the Government
has nearly paid him for it.
Mr. CONNESS. No, not half.
Mr. RAMSEY. Paid him the contract price.
39th Coxi): 2d —Xo. 12o.
Mr. HOWARD. We paid what we agreed
to pay. We paid for it in part. Of course
this is the property of the United States ; and
I am unable to understand the policy of build-
ing iron-clads at the expense of the United
States and then selling them to foreign Govern-
ments.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not propose to sell
it to any foreign Government.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator says we do
not propose to sell it to any foreign Govern-
ment ; but in his speech just now he announced
that it was quite probable that Mr. Webb, to
whom we release all our claim, would imme-
diately sell it to a foreign Government. Are
we building vessels for this purpose; are we
building iron-clads upon speculation, to en-
able the contractors to make a good specu-
lation out of the jobs which we place in their
hands; and are we thus to use the public
money for the purpose, in effect, of building
iron-clads and navies for foreign Governments?
It seems to me this is a perfect anomaly in
legislation, a sort of speculation which we
ought to avoid.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only one more re-
mark to make, and that is touching any intima-
tion that Mr. Webb desires to speculate at the
expense of the Government. I know the facts
too well to allow that to be stated without con-
tradiction. Mr. Webb simply desires as an
honest citizen to be reimbursed for a great work
that he has performed ; and I am in favor of
reimbursing him either as this bill proposes or
otherwise.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the Senator from Michigan. The
Government does not propose to build vessels-
of-war for other nations, but it has been the
policy, I believe, of all maritime nations to
encourage their citizens to construct vessels for
foreign nations; and if he will visit the ship-
yards in France and England he will find to-
day a great number of vessels in process of
construction for foreign Governments. Now,
we have contracted with Mr. Webb for this ves-
sel. She has cost him about a million dollars
more than the contract price. He claims that
we shall reimburse him that million dollars.
The question is, whether we will compel him
to sufler that loss of a million dollars or allow
him to take the vessel at his own risk, at his
own cost, and refund us the money, and do just
what he chooses with her? That is all there is
of it. If we do not pass the bill, then Mr. Webb
presents himself before ns and says, he having
in good faith carried out his contract, that in
consequence of the depreciation of the currency
and on account of the tariffs we have levied and
the internal tax we have laid upon the articles
that went into the vessel, we have caused her
to cost him a million dollars more than he had
reason to believe she would cost at the time he
made the contract.
Mr. HOWARD. When was the contract
made?
Mr. GRIMES. In 1862.
Mr. HOWE. What was the contract price?
Mr. GRIMES. One million two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, and she has cost
him upward of two million dollars. Now we
propose to let liiiti repay to us all the money
he has received, amounting to between nine
hundred and fifty thousand and one million
dollars and take the vessel. That is the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. It comes exactly to this :
that, according to his statement, he has made
a bad bargain, or rather a hard bargain with
the United States, by which he is not likely to
make money; and he now calls upon the Uni-
ted States to release to him all its title in the
vessel which he has agreed to build for us for j
a particular sum on his refunding to the Uni- i
ted States what he has received from the Uni-
ted States. That is the beginning, the middle,
and the end of the transaction. The vessel
then becomes his; he sells it to a foreign
Government as a vessel-of-war; and thus the
United States is made to become a sort of
manufacturer of war vessels practically for
other nations.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have got to say in reply
to that is that there are & great many vessels
belonging to the United States that I should
like to hand over to anybody who would take
them at what they cost us.
Mr. HOWARD. If this vessel is so imper-
fect in its construction 
Mr. GRIMES. I do not say that.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is in process fff decay
now or is likely to be soon, that presents another
feature of the case ; but the Senator does not
declare any such thing. The vessel, so far as
we know, is a good, sound vessel, and would
be entirely fit for public service. Why should
we sell it or allow him to sell it?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3(5, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fogg,
Foster, Fowler, Frelmghuysen, Grimes, Harris Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Patterson, Poland, Ram-
sey, Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, "Williams, and Wilson—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Howard, Sherman, Sprague, and
Wade—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Guthrie, Lane.McDongall, Norton,
Pomeroy, Riddle, and Yates—12.
So the bill was passed.
PETITIONS.
Mr.jCATTELL presented the petition of the
German Library Society of Philadelphia, the
petition of the Apprentices' Library Company
of Philadelphia, and the petition of the Wag-
ner Free Institute of Science of Philadelphia,
severally remonstrating against the imposition
of the proposed duty on books, maps, and
charts intended for the use of public libraries,
colleges, schools, and other literary institu-
tions ; which were laid on the table.
EIGHTS OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. "WILSON. I submit the following re-
port from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
1134) declaring and fixing the rights of volunteers as
apart of the Army, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend to their re-
spective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments to
the first and second sections of the bill, and that the
House recede from their disagreement to the addi-
tional section of the Senate, and agree to the same.
HENRY WILSON.
J. M. HOWARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHEXCK,
H. E. PAINE,
Managers on the part of the House*
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have an
explanation of the report.
Mr. WILSON. The House bill originally
provided for putting volunteer officers who go
into the regular Army on the same footing as
other officers, both ill regard to rations and to
rank. It counts the time of the service in the
volunteers the same as though it had been in
the regular Army, and puts the officers who
have gone from the volunteers into the regular
Army on the same footing in regard to their
rank and in regard to their rations and time
as the other officers, as if they had been in the
regular Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. Then there is another por-
tion of it which will save about five million
dollars against a construction made by the
Court of Claims.
Mr. HARRIS. What is that provision ?
Mr. WILSON. In regard to increased com-
mutation for servants.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. You save that, do you?
Mr. WILSON. That is in the bill, and is
according to law, and I am utterly amazed that
any body of men on earth should raise a ques-
tion about it.
