12TB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
said, too high a duty. I am opposed to the
rate of ten dollars a thousand, because the
poorer classes of tobacco and the smaller class
of manufacturers would then haye to pay too
much. But, if we impose five dollars a thou-
sand, which is only half a cent on a cigar,
surely that is not too much; and it makes the
tax specific, and avoids those avenues to fraud
which are opened by the other system. I hope
tfce sense of the House will come to that result.
Mr. HOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOG-AN. Is there no difference be-
tween a cigar costing fifty dollars a'thousand
and one made for and used by the masses of the
laboring people of this country costing five
dollars a thousand?
Mr. MYERS. I represent a district having
in it that smaller class of manufacturers who
have been referred to. There is a difference;
seldom so great except where the foreign leaf
is used; but when the difference comes close
upon the lower amount named by the committee
in this bill, eight, dollars—as for example cigars
worth twelve dollars a thousand—there is a
temptation to the inspector, the assessor, and
the manufacturer to put that class of cigar at
the lower valuation of eight dollars, which pays
a tax of but two dollars under the proposed
law.
Mr, SCHENCIv. I wish to ask a question
of tho gentleman in siniple arithmetic: what
is tho percentage of a five-dollar lax upon a
fifty-dollar cigar? Is it not ten per cent. ?
Mr. MYERS. I believe it is,
Mr. S0II15NCK. Well, five dollars upon a
five-dollar cigar would bo one hundred per cent.
Mr. MYERS. That is easy enough to an-
swer. But tho fact is, we have derived as
much revenue in 1805 from this source as in
1866, and the Commissioner says we ought to
return to the specific system. That done, we
can collect as much from a lower and less
onerous tax.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Tho time for tho debate
on the pending amendment is now exhausted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say a few words whilo tho gentlemen are
preparing their amendments. 1 do not pro-
fess to know much about tho manufacture of
cigars 
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is not in
order. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. 1n-
gf.rsoll] moves to amend the proposed amend-
ment as follows, by adding thereto tho words:
And that It. shall bo tho duty of all inspectors of
cteai'8 at thotimo of inaneolion to brand upon cacli
liox inspiiotod tho tax to bo paid tlioroon.
Mr. INOERSOIX. I withdraw tho amend-
ment, that it may bo renewed by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment. It
appearsto me there is one point in this discus-
sion which l«is been overlooked. The cigars
that arc made of American tobacco are gen-
erally not of tho first quality. They arc not
of the kind which command forty, fifty, or
sixty dollars a thousand in tho market. And,
therefore, if we shall protect the manufacturer
by_ a tariff on tobacco, which is imported info
this country from abroad, wo shall obtain a
duty which will enable us to realize from this
tax on cigars all we ought without doing in-
justice to any of those engaged in the manu-
facture. Now, I believe I understand some-
thing about the character of the tobacco which
is raised in different parts of the country, for
I have been rather an inveterate smoker for
some thirty years. I have smoked cigars all
over the land, and on the banks of the Ohio I
have used cigars made from that kind of
tobacco which claims the protection of my
friend from the third district of that State,
[Mr. Schexok;] and I believe that is a kind
of tobacco that never will produce a cigar for
which a gentleman will desire to pay any very
considerable price. But if gentlemen are anx-
ious to smoke cigars of that character they
can afford to pay a tax of one cent on a cigar,
which will make very little difference to the
price. Now, sir, by pursuing the course I
have indicated, of taxing the tobacco brought
into this country to be manufactured, we can
equalize this whole system—we get all the rev-
enue we ought to receive, and nobody who is
engaged in the manufacture of tobacco of any
quality is injured. I therefore believe, looking
to the facility of collecting the tax, that the
rate of five dollars a thousand on all elasses of
cigars will produce more revenue to the Gov-
"ernment, alongwith a tax on foreign importa-
tions, and that it will prevent vast frauds on
the country, for we know that fraud is incident
to any ad valorem syetem, and especially to
that which is proposed to be established by
this bill. I think we should adhere to the
system of specific! duties just as far as we may,
and I believe this plan will give us more reve-
nue than any other which can be adopted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As I
said a moment ago, I do not pretend to know
anything about the manufacture of cigars o£
my own personal knowledge. I have, there-
fore, made careful inquiry of those who do,
and the result of that investigation has brought
me to this conclusion: that the proposition of
the committee is the proper one for thp House
to adopt. There should be a discrimination,
in my judgment, from all I have been able
to learn, between high-priced and low-priced
cigars. That discrimination being necessary,
I think that Congress should not put so enor-
mous a tax as live dollars upon a low-priced
cigar, but that, if possible, the bulk of the
revenue should be raised from a tax of eight
dollars on the highest-priced cigars. I think
that if that system is continued, and tho com-
mittee's course is approved, the revenue de-
rived by tho Government from this source will
bo increased.
Moreover, I would say that you cannot in
any way provide entirely against fraud. Ras-
cals will break one law as well as another.
And if wo are going to discriminate at all, it
is much bettor we should discriminate in favor
of poor cigars, because it is tho poor who
smoke them, and poor manufacturers make
their livelihood by them; whilo, on the other
hand, by putting a heavy tax on a poor cigar
you inflict a great hardship on the poor manu-
facturers.
Mr. McRUBR. I move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York withdraw the amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
Mr. KGGLESTON. I renew it. The cigar
manufacturers of the city of Cincinnati, every
one of them I believe, have petitioned this
Congress in favor of a uniform rate of taxation
on manufactured cigars; and I beg to say that
tho argument of my distinguished colleague
from the third district [Mr. Schenck] does not
apply to tho manufacturer. I know that the
cigar-making interest in the first district of
Ohio paid to this Government last year $126,-
000, being the second district in the United
States in point of yielding revenue from that
source. They paid that amount for the man-
ufacture of cigars, and they are now in a state
of prostration. And the reasons are these:
the sharpers in the city of New York have so
managed that they cheat the Government by
manufacturing cigars without paying any tax.
But 1 do not care how you arrange the law;
I do not care how many guards you place about
it, they will thwart your design and bring
about such a consternation in Now York as
will enable them to monopolize the trade, and
that will injure the operations of the cigar-
makers in the West.
And the only secure means of protection is
to give us a uniform rate of taxation upon
cigars. If you will put all cigars under a tax
often dollars per thousand we can all bear it;
only let it be uniform. If it is not exactly
right we can amend it by and by; but give us
a uniform rate now, and to that extent yon
will be right.
Now, I-hope that members will look at this
subject as they ought. I have no interest in
the matter only to protect the Government and
the manufacturer of the cigars. The manufac-
turer will purchase his tobacco where he can
buy the best article and buy it the cheapest.
What is the tax of a half cent on a cigar?
Gentlemen say such a tax is oppressive to the
poor man. Who is it that expects to get a
cigar at less than five cents ? And will any
one object to paying a half cent tax upon a
cigar? That is all stuff. Give us a uniform
rate, and the poor man and all will be pro-
tected.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I have
but few remarks to make upon this question.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis}
has intimated that he has examined this ques-
tion thoroughly, and therefore he is one of the
few members of the House who feel that they
are thoroughly acquainted with it.
Now, one thing is certain: when the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says that we
have tried the plan of specific duties and have
given it up because it is a failure, members
should bear in mind that those who were
charged with the execution of the law, and
had the collecting of the tax upon'cigars, have
ever told us that so far as the revenue to the
Government was concerned there should be a
specific tax if we desire to promote the interest
of the Government in that regard, and they
have all told us that if we resorted to the ad
valorem system of taxation the interest of the
Government ever would suffer, as it ever has
suffered, under such a system.
Now, I appeal to members upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who say they under-
stand this subject so thoroughly, to look at the
statistics given us by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, who shows that a specific
tax is best for the interest -of the Government.
If the rate proposed is not high enough then
put it higher.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
says that in the Connecticut valley tobacco is
raised which is worth twice as much as the
tobacco which is raised in the West. Admit
it; but you cannot make cigars out of the
tobacco alone that is raised in the Connecticut
valley ; that tobacco alone will not make cigars
that are worth the selling. But that tobacco
is sent to New York ; and the constituents of
the gentleman from Ohio raise tobacco which
is also sent to New York, and the two are used
together for the purpose of making cigars.
But the Connecticut seed-leaf tobacco alone is
not fit for cigars ; it is used entirely for the
wrappers.
But the gentleman asks, ifyouhavea specific
tax, do not the high-priced cigars pay just the
same tax that is paid by the low-priced cigars?
Not at all, you have a tariff duty of fifty cents
2301- pound upon all tobacco which is imported.
Any person who has examined the subject
knows that tho best cigars cannot be made
altogether out of American tobacco. The im-
porter pays a duty of fifty cents per .pound
upon tobacco; it takes twenty-four pounds of
tobacco to make a thousand cigars. He there-
fore pays into the Treasury twelve dollars per
thousand upon his cigars to begin with; and
that is paid in gold, which at the present rate
is equal to some sixteen dollars in currency.
That tobacco is then manufactured into cigars,
and an additional and specific duty of five dol-
lars per thousand is paid to the Government.
Thus it will be seen that a thousand of the best
cigars yield a revenue to the Government of
over twenty dollars per thousand. Let your
specific tax then be five dollars per thousand,
and your cheap cigars, made altogether of
American tobacco, will pay a duty of five dol-
lars per thousand, while your best cigars will
pay to the Government over twenty dollars per
thousand. Itis not correct, then, that the man-
ufacturer of the best cigars, under a specific
tax, pays the same revenue to the Government
that is paid by the manufacturer of the cheaper
cigars. The Connecticut seed-leaf tobacco is
used only for wrappers; and for the'fillings of
our best cigars foreign tobacco is imported,
