1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
907) to amend the law of the District of Colum-
bia in relation to judieial proceedings therein,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 177) to incorporate the National
Safe Deposit Company of Washington, in the
District of Columbia; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend the law
of the District of Columbia in relation to ju-
dicial proceedings therein was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 479) to punish illegal voting in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
reported it with an amendment.
NEW YORK CITY POST OFFICE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 229) to procure a site for a building to
accommodate the post office and United States
courts in New York city, to report it back with
an amendment; and 1 am instructed to ask
for the immediate consideration of the joint
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the joint resolution on the day it is
reported.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It appoints the mayor and postmaster of the
city of New York, tlfe district attorney of the'
United States at New York city, the president
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, and Jackson S. Schultz, Charles
H. Russell, Charles H. Rogers, and Moses
Taylor, of New York city, a commission to
purchase the site for a building to accommo-
date the post office and United Slates courts
in the city of New York, in accordance with
their report submitted to the Secretary of the
Interior and the Postmaster General, and by
them approved, namely: the lower portion of
the City Hall park, containing land equal to
twenty-six city lots, (or over sixty-six thou-
sand square feet,) and authorizes them to pur-
chase it for the sum of $500,000, subject to the
condition that the Government of the United
States shall stipulate that it shall be used for
public purposes only; and they are to procure
plans and estimates for a suitable building
upon the site, to be submitted to the Postmas-
ter General and the Secretary of the Interior;
and should such plans and estimates meet their
approval they are to communicate them, with
such additional suggestions as they may think
proper, to Congress; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to pay such sum of
money as may be necessary to carry this reso-
lution 'into effect.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads was in line
sixteen of the resolution, after the word " dol-
lars" to iusert:.
Provided, That the title to said property shall be
approved by the Attorney General of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in and ordered to be engrossed, and
the joint resolution to be read a third time. It
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
letter of the Secretary of the Interior and the
Postmaster General transmitting the report of
the commission appointed to select a proper
site for a building for a post office, and for the
accommodation of the United States courts in
the city of New York, to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, the subject tar-
ing been disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF POST OFFICE ROUTE AGENTS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 964) in
in regard to the compensation of route agent3
in the Post Office Department, to report it
back to the Senate without amendment, and
to ask for its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes the Postmaster
General to pay the route agents in the service
of the Post Office Department any sum not less
than $900 nor more than $1,200 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr; BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
whatthe compensation of these persons is under
existing laws ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The maximum is $1,000 at
present. They are the most poorly compen-
sated officers in connection with the Post Office
Department. They travel night and day, and
they are in constant peril, for they travel im-
mediately behind the engine, and when a col-
lision occurs or any mischief happens to the
train they are always involved in it.
Mr. CONNESS. You do not propose to pay
them $1,200 for that?
Mr. RAMSEY. Partly for that.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any scarcity of
applicants for the places ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know whether
there is any public necessity for the passage of
this bill. I think there are quite a number of
gentlemen willing to serve the Government at
the present rates of compensation. My corre-
spondence does not lead me to believe that
there is any special difficulty in obtaining per-
sons to serve the Government at the rate of
compensation now allowed. I believe the rate
for these officers is now $800.
Mr. RAMSEY. The maximum compensa-
tion is $1,000. It varies from eight hundred
to one thousand dollars, at the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is proposed to leave
it at his discretion riot less than $900 and not
more than $1,200. Why put in the minimum ?
I shall make no objection to the maximum if
the Post Office Department desires it; but I
think that part of the bill fixing a minimum
had better be stricken out,'and I move to strike
it out. There are a good many routes where
it is important to have agents where but little
time is required from them to perform the
duty, and 1 am afraid that this provision will
embarrass us in getting the duty performed.
I know of one or two instances in my State
where the Postmaster General may not be will-
ing to pay a high price, where for a few hun-
dred dollars he could get an agent to attend
to the business. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the minimum.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senator from
Indiana must be mistaken. The service that
he wishes to have performed is not of the char-
acter described in this bill. Those to whom
he refers are not technically route agents. I
suppose he has reference to carrying the mail
from some locality to some principal office,
but the party carrying that mail does not fall
under the denomination of a route agent, and
hence would not be included in this bill. For
some reasons the Post Office Department desires
this minimum, and the bill comes in this shape
from the House of Representatives. I can see
no especial objection to it, and I think it quite
as well to retain it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this is a House bill
I shall not press the amendment. I thought
it was a Senate bill. I do not care enough
about the matter to insist on the amendment.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was read the third time, and passed.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 344: and before the motion is put I
should like to have an early day fixed for its
consideration.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Niagara ship-canal
bill. I think it will pass without much discus-
sion. A great deal of time was expended on
it at the last session, and I wish to take it up
now for the purpose of making it the special
order at an early day. [" No special orders."]
If there is objection to that, I should like to
have it considered to-day. I move to take it
up at any rate.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 10, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask for the reading
of the bill; I do not know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill is asked for; it will be read.
['• Oh, no."]
Mr. PATTERSON. The title I mean.
The Secretary. The bill proposed to be
taken up is the bill (H. R. No. 344) to incor-
porate the Niagara Ship-Canal Company.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Ed-
munds. Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Howe, Morrill. Norton, Patterson.
Poland, Ramsey, Sumner, Wade, Williams, and
Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Dixon, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
gan, Nesmith, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, and
Willey—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Crea-
wcll, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Guthrie, Me-
Dougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Boss, Bprague.
Stewart, Trumbull, and Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to have
that clause of the bill read which I believe it
contains, respecting the assent of the State of
New York, I think it is the last section or the
last but one.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted. That this aet
shall not take effect unless the Legislature of the
State of New York shall within two years from the
date hereof give its assent thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out that
section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be
postponed. The Senator from Michigan stated
that his only object was to fix a day for its con-
sideration. It is an important question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to fix an
early day for its consideration. I move to
make it the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock, if that will suit the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is scarcely worthwhile
to set it for so early a day as to-morrow, because
it is generally understood that on Monday the
tariff bill will come up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can get
through with this bill in perhaps a single day,
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think you will
get through with it in a week.
Mr. CHANDLER. We may we.ll, pec
haps, take a vote now on the amendment pro:
posed by the Senator from Vermont;
The PRESIDENT j?ro tempore. The, motion
is th^t the further' consideration of the "bill be
postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move next Thurs-
day, if that will suit Senators.
