1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•February 16,
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. JENCRES asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week*
And then, on motion of Mr. DEFREES, (at
ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
too rule, andreferred to the appropriate committees':
By Mr. HUBBA&P, of Connecticut: The petition
* w# oort Msmufacturi u g Company, and others,
of Wmsted, Connecticut, praying for a removal of
the fire per cent tax imposed on manufacturers.
By Mr. O'NEILL: Petitions signed by over 100
prominent merchants, underwriters, ship-masters,
and pilots of the city of Philadelphia, praying that
a permanent light-house may be placed on Cross-
ledge shoals, as the light-boat is removed from that
place during the winter season, rendering naviga-
tion exceedingly hazardous; that tho ice harbor at
Reedy Island be extended for the accommodation
of tho larger class of vessels now trading at Philadel-
phia. and that the piors there be repaired; also,
that another harbor for winter protection be mado
at Liston's Point, in the Delaware bay.
Also, the petition of Dr. Georgo B.Wood and John
H. Packard, officers of the College of Physicians of
Philadelphia, asking that the importation of books,
maj^s, &c., for libraries, collogos, and other literary
institutions bo continued free of duty.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the Board of
ir&ao of iincinc, Wisconsin, in favor of an exten-
sion of tho piors and the improvement of the harbor
£t Racine.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant Michael Mangan,
company E, sixth Wisconsin infantry, for pay, &q.
Also, resolutions of Wool-Growers Association of
"'A80 «?8l,V.r'!V of tariff on imported wool.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The remonstrance of
Citizens of Keokuk, Iowa, against legislation depre-
eiatmg or unsettling tho established' national cur-
rency.
_ By Mr. WARD, of N^w York : The petition of cit-
izens of Hammonsport, New York, asking for tho
impeachment ol tho Prosidont.
By Jlv. WOODBlttDGE: The petition of paymas-
ter s clerks ol tinted States Army on duty at New
lork city, lor increased compensation.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 10, 1867.
The Houso met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by tho Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday, but before concluding, on motion of
Mr, Stbvenh, the further reading was dis-
pensed with.
Civil Ari'ROPItrATION 1)11,1,
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending .June 30, 1808,
and for other purposes! which was road a
first and second time, made the special order
for Tuesday next after tho morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of, and ordered
to be printed.
INVAIJI) PENSION APPROPRIATION Bill,,
Mr. STEVENS* I bee leave to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means the
Senate amendments to House bill No. 903,
making appropriations for tho payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the tinitcd States
for the year ending June SO, 1868, with a rec-
ommendation that tho House concur in the
same.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOPIfKAGB IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted concurrent resolutions of the State of
New 1 ork, heartily approving the action of
Congress in passing the suffrage bill for the
District of Columbia over the President's veto;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask consent to make a
word of personal explanation.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
CORRUPT COMBINATIONS OI' MBMI3ERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to a question of privilege, involving, as I be-
lieve, the honor, purity, and independence of
this House. Should the Speaker concur with,
me, that it is a question of privilege which I
shall present in the form of a preamble and
resolution, at this late hour of the session I
will make no remarks, bat simply ask "the
Clerk to read what I have sent to his desk.
When he haa done so, I shall call the previous
question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the President of the United States has
been impeached by a member of this House of high
crimes and misdemeanors, and the Committee upon
the Judiciary have been instructed to examine into
the facts upon which said impeachment was based,
with power to send for persons and papers, and report
them to this House in order, if thought warrantable,
that the President maybe arraigned for trial thereon
by the Senate; and whereas while the Commit-
tee oil the Judiciary are examining witnesses with
relation to said high crimes and misdemeanors of
which the President has been impeached, with a
view of making a report to this House for its disin-
terested action, it has for some time been rumored
and has at last been asserted in public newspapers,
that certain inombors of this House who aro bound
to act impartially upon the report of said committee
when presented, aro now holding, and have been for
some time holding, private meetings with aview to a
corrupt bargain, whereby, in violation of their oaths,
they have pledgod and are pledging themselves in
advance to act adversely to said report if unfavora-
ble to tho President, and also to act adversely to cer-
tain other measures pending before this House to
which they have heretofore been favorable, provided
the President himself will do certain things to which
hohashorotoforcdeclared himself hostilo, and refrain
from doing certain things to which he has heretofore
declared himself favorable: Therefore,
t ltcfioived. That tho Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any such meetings
have been hold for any such corrupt purposes, what
members of this House liavo attended the same,
what persons besides members of Congress have at-
tended them, what porsons liave earned communi-
cations from those members to tho President, and
from the President to thom, and what has been the
nature of such communications; and also, that said
committee report at tho earliest practicable day the
result of their inquiries, and that they also roport
such resolutions for tho aotion of tho liouso as they
may dee in necessary for the preservation of its honor
and independence.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I would inquire of tho
Chair how this resolution came before tho
Houso ?
Tho SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wentwortii] presents it as a ques-
tion of privilege. The Chair will rule upon
the question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
allow mo to move an amendment.
Tho SPEAKER. Tho Chair will first rule
whether (his involves a question of privilege.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Tho Chair will notice
that the charge involved is that of " corrupt
combinations" on the part of certain members
of this House.
Tho SPEAKER. Tho Chair will first rule
upon the question of privilege. The Chair rules
that this is unquestionably a question of privi-
lege. The resolution states that it is rumored
that certain members of this House have been
guilty of corrupt bargaining, acting in violation
ot their oaths, and that they have changed their
views from corrupt motives. Although the res-
olution states that "it is rumored," still when
a member rises in his seat and states that it is
so rumored, and introduces a resolution for an
inquiry into the facts introduced, he of course
makes himself the responsible author of the
charge. The Chair, therefore, decides that it is
a question of privilege.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I call the previous
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WENT WORTH. I cannot yield; it is
too lato in the session for debate.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I do not desire to debate;
I merely want to move an amendment so as to
hielude any members on the other side who may
have held meetings and made corrupt bargains
for the purpose of bringing about the impeach-
ment of the President. [Loud cries of" Order 1''
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 44, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. -Wentworth
and Mr. Ei.dridge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes seventy-five,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. HILL. I move to lay the preamble and
resolution on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] if he
repudiates the principle that— , •
"While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return?"
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. For the purpose of saving time,
as the motion to lay on the table may not pre-
vail, I will withdraw the motion to lay on thQ
table, and allow the vote to be taken directly
on the adoption of the preamble and reso-
lution.
The question recurred, "Shall the main
question be now put?"
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided,
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 40, not vot-
ing 70; as follows:
YE AS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arncll, Baxter, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Broomall,
Bucldand, Bundy, Cnanlcr, Reader W. Clarke. Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dera-
ing, Dodgo, Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,
Grinnoll, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Iiigby,
Holmes, John II. Hubbard, IngerSoll, Julian. Kel-
ley, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence. William
Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Mo-
Kco, Mercur, Miller, Moulton, Neweli, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pcrhain, Plants, Price. William H. Randall,
John II. llieo, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanlclin,
Shellabnrger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam.
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Wainor, William 13. Washburn. Welkcr,
Wentworth, James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson,
and Windom—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Dclos R.Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwcll, Campbell,
Cooper, Dawson, Dofrees, Eldridge. Farauhar. I'inck,
(ilossbrenpcr, Goodyear, Griswold, Aaron Harding,
Hawkins, Henderson, Hill, Ilise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kerr, Maynard, Mclndoe, Mo-
liuer, Niblaclt, Nicholson, Noell, Samuel J. Randall,
ltitter, Sitgreaves, Stokes, Taber, Nathaniel G. Tay-,
lor, Andrew H. Ward, and Winfield—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Jamos M. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Boaman, Bingham, Boyer, Brandegee,
Broinwell, Colliding, Cullom, Culvor, Darling, Deni-
son. Dixon, Driggs, Ecklcy, Pariisworth, Perry, Gar-
field, Hale, Harris, Hogan. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W.Hubbarrt, Chester!). Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Ilulburd. Hunter, Jones, Kasson,
Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuvkendall. Le Blond,
Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, McCullougli,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Schenck,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Nelson Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne,
lleury D.Washburn, Whaley, Williams, Woodbridge,
and Wright—70.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LE BLOND, who was not present dur*
ing the roll-call, stated that had he been pres-
ent he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I move to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I appeal to the
gentleman to hear a suggestion before the
question is taken on laying on the table the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WENTWORTH. In consequence of
the pressure of business—the tariff bill, the,
internal revenue bill, &c.—I have pledged my-
self to members around me to consume as little
time as possible with this question. There
remain only throe days of the session this side ■
of the President's veto.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I will ad-
dress an inquiry to the Chair. If the motion
to reconsider should not bo laid on the table,
but adopted, will it not be in order to amend
the resolution so as to provide for an inquiry
