1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Offices and Post Roads, is frequently printed
in circulars for distribution, and involves noth-
ing but post routes. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his amendment, and I will aid him
in taking up his bill and passing it at any time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have occupied but
very lit tie of the time of the Senate. I have some
eight or ten, perhaps fifteen bills, lying here no w
that I have attempted to get passed, a great many
of them being for the interests of the people 1
represent. Now, at this late hour, after hay-
ing unsuccessfully tried for the last five or six
days to get the floor to have this bill passed,
Senators, members of the committee, insist that
I shall withdraw it. Sir, I now do so, and I do
so feeling that at the next session of Congress I
shall be just as helpless as I have been at the
present session to get the floor in order to get
business done. This proposition is perfectly
germane. It is unanimously reported by the
committee. It is making a bridge a post
road; and for my life I can see no objection
to it. It is entirely within the limits of my
State. The whole question has been deter-
mined by previous legislation. The bridge is
to be strictly in accordance with the bridges
authorized over the Mississippi at the last ses-
sion. I can see no possible objection to it;
but if Senators insist upon it I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to amend is withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have a vote on the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
waiving the unfinished business if this bill will
not excite debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the bill before the Senate will be
proceeded with until its passage, if no objection
be interposed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That John C. Jacobs have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
order of business.
Mr. POLAND. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that until we
dispose of the wool tariff bill. That report is
on the bankrupt bill, which will give rise to
debate, I know, and therefore I insist on the
regular order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
named by the Senator from Ohio is the bill
properly before the Senate, the morning liour
having expired.
Mr. POLAND. I had supposed that this
was a privileged matter, that took precedence.
I do not apprehend there will be a word of
debate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has not decided that it is a privileged question
to such an extent as to overrule the special
order. It has been the practice of the Senate,
however, especially at this stage of the ses-
sion, to receive reports from committees of
conference. The Chair will not decide that it
is such a question of privilege as to override
the special order.
Mr. POLAND. I can assure the Senator
from Ohio that there will be no debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. A gentleman near me says
there will be debate upon it, and therefore I
cannot waive the unfinished business.
Mr. POLAND. I move that this report be
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the report named by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that question is
put I desire to state to the friends of the wool-
tariff bill that if this motion succeeds, as a
matter of course it necessarily defeats that
bill. I know that there will be debate on the
bankrupt bill, because a Senator near me says
he is determined to debate it; and now the
tariff bill can be disposed of in fifteen minutes.
Mr. POLxVND. This will be disposed of in
one. I protest against its being put off on
any such pretense.
Air. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator it
will not be disposed of in one minute nor in
an hour, because a Senator near me says he
intends to debate it.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 16.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, noes 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Edmunds, Harris,
Howard, Johnson, Norton, Nye, Poland, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Stewart, and Sumner—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Patterson, Pomeroy, ltos«. Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey .Wil-
liams, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan. Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Riddle, and Yates—12.
So the motion was not agreed to. j
message from the house. '
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, requested
the Senate to return to the House the bill of
the Senate No. 32, to prevent the absence of
territorial officers from their official duties,
erroneously returned to the Senate yesterday
as passed by the House.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the bill (H. R. No. 1039) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1868.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and fixing
the rights of volunteers as a part of the Army ;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
return of a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the House of Representatives :
Ordered, That the Senate be requested to return to
the House the bill of the Senate No. 32, to prevent
the absence of territorial officers from their official
duties, the same having been erroneously transmitted
to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the request
of the House be complied with.
The motion was agreed to.
duties on wool and woolens.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
named by the Senator from Ohio, being the bill
(H. R. No. 793) to provide increased revenue
from imported wool, and for other purposes,
is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
following amendment offered by the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cattell:]
And be it further enacted. That from and after ten
days from the passage of this act there shall be levied,
collected, and paid on all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise not herein provided for, imported into the
United States from foreign countries, and now subj ect
to duty under existing laws, an additional duty of
one fifth, or twenty per cent, of the duty or rates of
duty, including speoiflo and ftd valorem rates now
imposed by law upon such goods, wares, and mer-
chandise: Provided, That no additional duty shall
be levied, oollected, and paid on sugar, molasses,
tea, coffee, salt, coal, crude dye woods, soda-ash, and
bleaching powders.
Mr. WADE. Everybody knows that I should
be for this amendment if I believed it was pos-
sible that it could pass the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but I am informed by members of
that body who are well versed in its rules of
proceeding that there flfvery little if any proba-
bility, if an amendment is put upon this bill,
that it will pass at this session. I shall be
compelled, therefore, in that view to vote
against the amendment; for it is all-important,
in my judgment, that this bill should be passed.
This proposition may just as well be offered as
a separate measure, and I shall be as much in
favor of it as any member on this floor, and
will aid and assist to put it through as soon
as it can be done; but I hope it will not be
ingrafted upon this bill so as to jeopardize the
whole; for my opinion is that if we put the
amendment upon this bill we shall lose every-
thing.
Mr. STEWART. I hope no amendment
will be made to this bill, but that we shall pass
it as it came from the House. It is of great
importance to the wool-growers of the West.
I have voted very consistently for a general
tariff all the way through, although the people
I represent manufacture nothing, and they are
only burdened by the protection afforded by a
tariff. I did it for the general good of the
whole country. But the House cannot agree
upon any general bill. Any amendment to this
bill will throw the whole question over and we
shall lose it altogether. I shall therefore vote
against any amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have always understood
that it was not a very sound argument for one
branch of a Government or legislative body to
induce it to act or to abstain from acting in
any particular direction on account of either
hopes or fears as to what its coordinate branch
would do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
feels called upon to say in justice to itself, not
having previously spoken on this subject, that
allusions to the action of the other House are
clearly out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad that the
President has made that suggestion. I think
it is a practice exceedingly dangerous to sound
legislation, to say nothing of the taste of it,
to undertake to control (with the best of
motives, as I know my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] had in his anxiety that this bill should
pass) our action by urging upon us any con-
siderations touching what may or may not be
the action of another branch of the Legisla-
ture. Therefore the question is, in my judg-
ment, whether it is right, whether it is due to
the country, whether it is due to other branches
of industry than that which is provided for by
this bill, as we have solemnly decided by a
very heavy majority that it is, that we should
advance the rates of the tariff upon the various
articles that are imported and come into com-
petition with our other industries. We have
committed ourselves to that ground. Now,
are we to be driven from it by any considera-
tions except those that appeal to the real
merit of the proposition? If in any other
place there is difficulty or confusion, it is not
our business to arrange that. It is due to the
laborer, to the mechanic, to the manufacturer,
to every American citizen that earns money
by his labor and increases the wealth of the
country by it to meet its burdens, that we
should aid him as well as this special interest.
It is true that the largest share of my constit-
uents are interested in this special interest. I
shall be glad to have it passed. I shall be
still more glad if justice is done to the other
interests of the country.
Mr. WADE. Except just at the last end
of the session it ia not well to speculate, per-
haps, on what any branch of the Government
will do; but we had better take a common-
sense and practical view of this and all other
questions. What induced me to allude to the
House bill was this: we know the intricacy of
their rules; we know sometimes that a thing
is impossible to be done there, and we should
not attempt impossibilities; and when the
Speaker of the House, who is acquainted with
their rules of proceeding, informs us that it
will be fatal to put an amendment on the bill,
it strikes me it is better for us to take what we
can get and not attempt impossibilities. The
bill is right so far as it goes ; but it does not
go by any means as far as I wanted it to go.
