1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
No Senator here is more anxious for that
amendment to pass than I am. ' If you will
put it in any fqrtn in which it will not jeopar-
dize the whole, I am for it. It can be done by
a separate resolution just as well as by jeopard-
izing this bill with it. If the House would
pass the amendment, they would also pass a
resolution backing up and making perfect
this amendment, and do it without endanger-
ing the whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say in one
word that while I would be willing to go with
the Senator from Vermont to adjust the tariff
equitably and fairly in all its details—and I
expect to stay here in the Senate long enough
to do it—I do not believe the closing hours of
this session to be the proper time, nor do I
believe the manner of raising the revenue con-
tained in this amendment would be the right
way of doing it. Twenty per cent, on everything
is not what would be equitable and just at all.
Let us pass this bill. We can get this much
if we pass it without amendment. If we try
to get more we shall lose the whole ; not be-
cause of the action of the House perhaps, but
because of the fact that we are in the closing
and dying hours of the session, and we cannot
afford to risk it.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I am anx-
ious that the amendment which I have offered
shall be adojjted. I do not like selecting one
single department of industry in the country
and protecting it while all others are left out
in the cold. It does not agree with my sense
of justice or of propriety. In answer-to the
objection of the Senator from Kansas, that
this is an unjust and inequitable mode of rais-
ing the tariff, I will simply remark to him that
it has been acted upon by the Congress of the
United States on more occasions than one, and
that its result, in my judgment, has been ad-
vantageous to the country in both the cases in
which the Congress of the United States have
acted in this direction.
Mr. GRIMES. When did they do so ?
Mr. CATTELL. In 1863 and 1864.
Mr. GRIMES. And when at another time?
Mr. CATTELL. I am not sure. Perhaps
I am wrong in saying that it was done more
than once.
Mr. GRIMES. Only once.
Mr. CATTELL. My impression was that
it was done in 1801 and in 1864.
Mr. GRIMES. It was done once, and then
another joint resolution was passed extending
the continuance of it.
Mr. CATTELL. Those are the two in-
stances to which I referred.
Mr. GRIMES. And which have involved
us in a labyrinth of trouble ever since.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
take the vote.
Mr. CATTELL. I believe I have the floor;
and with all respect to the distinguished Sena-
tor from Ohio, I presume a vote can hardly
be called while a Senator is on the floor. I
object to this way of disposing without the
slightest discussion of what I think as import-
ant a proposition as has been submitted to the
Senate of the United States. I believe some
increase of the tariff duties is demanded by the
people of the country generally. It is a sim-
ple proposition. It is a proposition impos-
ing a duty less by far than the average duty
which, after full discussion, was decided
upon in this Chamber. In my judgment it
will be unwise for us to select one single de-
partment of industry in which the West is
very largely interested, and which I am dis-
posed to vote for myself. I believe it is right
in itself; but it ought and should carry with it
some regard for the other industrial interests
of the United States. The proposition which
I have offered is a simple one, one easily
understood, and one wjiich, in my opinion,
will become a law if the Senate will adopt it.
I do not feel disposed at this late hour of the
session to take up time in discussion. I only
express my regret at the indications that the
friends of American industry are likely, just
at this emergency, to allow this proposition to
be overslaughed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I did
not rise a few moments since to take the floor
from the Senator from New Jersey. I rose
for the purpose of asking him a question,
which I will now put. I desire to inquire of
him, as I suppose he is familiar with this
whole subject of import duties, what was the
average rate of increase in the bill which was
recently passed by the Senate?
Mr. CATTELL. My opinion is that the in-
crease was about fifteen per cent.—it is only an
estimate, however—upon the dutiable amount
of value, which would be equivalent to about
seven per cent, on the duty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then do I understand
that the Senator proposes in his present
amendment an average rate of duty which will
be considerably greater than the rate of duty
contained in the bill which was passed by the
Senate ?
Mr. CATTELL. No.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not understand
the Senator's answer exactly.
Mr. CATTELL. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to explain ? The twenty per cent, ad-
ditional here is upon the duty, not upon the
value of the goods. The fifteen per cent, was
about the increase upon the value of the goods.
This is but little more than half, in my judg-
ment, of the increase proposed by the tariff
bill passed by the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now understand the
Senator, and shall vote for the amendment. It
seems to me rather an invidious thing—I will
not say an odious thing—to select out one in-
terest, which was provided for in the former
bill, and by some skillful arrangement, or by
good management I will say, pass a bill through
both Houses for its advantages, leaving all other
interests unattended to and undisposed of. I
do not know any principle upon which this can
be done, except that we should select an inter-
est which is a little more powerful in Congress
than any other, and which, therefore, in the
closing hours of the session, can obtain a hear-
ing when others cannot be heard. Upon prin-
ciples of justice and fair treatment I shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Jersey as a temporary measure. I
presume that some time during the next Con-
gress this whole subject will be investigated,
and we shall have a general law. In the mean
time if we are to do anything, it seems to me
more reasonable that we should do what we
did two or three years ago: make a temporary
arrangement by a horizontal increase of the
duties generally rather than to select out one
leading interest to which particular members
of the two Houses may feel specially friendly,
disregarding all other considerations. I object
to this sort of legislation, and shall therefore
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply rise to repeat an
inquiry that I am not confident I distinctly
understood. Did I understand the Senator
from New Jersey to say that this proposed
increase of twenty per cent, is about one half
of the increase proposed in the bill that was
recently passed through the Senate and sent
to the House of Representatives?
Mr. CATTELL. I answer by saying nearly;
it is not quite half; and that this is upon the
duty itself.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the bill that we passed
was forty per cent. ?
Mr. CATTELL. Between thirty and forty
per cent, increase of duty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that the
Senate will exercise their judgment, without
regard at all to what the consequences are
likely to be in the result of legislation, as to
whether this proposition is just. It certainly
is most unjust to select out on© branch of in-
dustry and give that protection and let all the
othei*industrial interests of this country goffer.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] with
great candor aud sincerity, says that he will
aid in having this measure adranoed after the
one proposed by his colleague is passed. But
you see at once that there is a difference in the
Senate. The Senator from Iowa and the Sena-
tor from Kansas demur to that proposition, and
would not be in favor of adopting the amend-
ment proposed by my colleague.
Sir, this is the most important measure to
the people of anything we have had before us,
and the people will require it of us ; and I can
say that if this Congress dissolves without giv-
ing protection to the industrial interests of this
country results may accrue to this country
which we do not at all now appreciate. I be-
lieve that the great projects that we as a party
have in hand will be sacrificed by it. I believe
that the people will have little confidence in
a party that has two thirds of both Houses, and
that, after sitting here for three months, could
not give them any protection to their industry.
They will seek that protection elsewhere. I do
not imagine that the Senators from the western
States realize the importance of this measure
to the eastern States. We spend our time here
week after week in laying taxes upon the indus-
trial interests of the country, but cannot give
them the protection which is absolutely neces-
sary to their existence. Their factories are
now discharging their hands, and work is being
stopped for the want of this very protection.
The people will require it of those who have
had it in their power to give them this pro-
tection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move
to amend the amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan will let us take a vote on the amend-
ment, and if it is adopted then the Senator
can move to add to, change, or modify it in any
form in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was going to move to
strike out all after "sugar, molasses, tea, and
coffe©.''
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be done in the
Senate in case the amendment is adopted. I
trust we shall have a decisive vote, and take
the sense of the Senate as to whether they will
put on any amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are the yeas and nays
ordered on the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
not yet been demanded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot vote for this
amendment, and I do not know that I can
vote for the bill. The bill as it came from
the House is obnoxious to the statement made
by the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
that it is legislating for a special interest that
does not show any special claim for protection
above others. It is obnoxious to that charge,
and cannot commend itself, it seems to me,
to those who are looking for general legisla-
tion for relief.
The wool and woolen interest in my State
is a small interest comparatively. It is not an
indifferent interest by any means, and it is not
one to which I feel indifferent. I am disposed
to do anything that I can here to foster it; but
it is a minor interest comparatively; and there-
fore I cannot look upon this as a measure of
relief.
The bill ignores the leading interests of my
State, arid the action of the House has been
hostile to those interests. One of the leading
interests of my State is ship-building. Every-
body knows that that interest is absolutely
prostrate and is in process of extinction. My
State for the last ten years has built nearly
half the sailing ships of the whole country,
and in some years a little more than half.
Now, sir, under the operation of the present
laws and the condition of the times that inter-
est is absolutely prostrate, and we cannot build
a ship except at a great sacrifice. This Con-
gress has been advertised of that fact. This
branch of the Congress of the United States
yielded to the argument, bnt the other House
(if I may be permitted to allude to it I did not.
