1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
by a select committee instead of the Judiciary
Committee?
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
Mr. WENT WORTH. The Judiciary Com-
mittee liave charge of this whole subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We have nocharge
of this subject, and it would be impossible for
us to attend to it. I hope that the motion to
reconsider will not be laid on the table. Let
us have a select committee, with the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] as chairman.
On the motion to lay 011 the table the motion
to reconsider, there were—ayes 30, noes 50;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Spalding, and Mr.
Wilson of Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 29, noes 71.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. _
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the resolution by striking out "the Committee
on the Judiciary'' and inserting '' a select com-
mittee of three."
Mr. HILL and others. Say "one."
• Mr. McRUER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "three" and inserting
"one."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move that the reso-
lution with the pending amendments be laid
on the table.
The motion of Mr. Farquiiaii was not
agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On agreeing to Mr. McRuer's amendment to
the amendment, there were—ayes 78, noes 30.
Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and yeas were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 69, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Bator,
Baldwin, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Blow, Bundy,
Cooper, Darling, Davis, Dawes., Dawson, Defrees,
Doming, Donnelly, Dumont, Finck, Glossbrcnner,
Goodyear, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hue,
Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James 11.
Ilubbell, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jonckes, Ketcham Lat-
flin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Marshall, May-
nard, Melndoe, McKee, MeRuer Nicholson, Noell,
Pike, Samuel J. Randall, John ii. Ricc, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Siteroaves, bpaldina, Stilwel , Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, ihorn-
ton, Robert Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, War-
ner, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wmdoin, and
^NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Lingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Lggleston, Iild-
ridge, Eliot, I'arquhar, Ferry,Gnnnell, AaionBald-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Hart, H.gby, Holmes, John
H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kolley, William
Lawrence, longyear, Lynch, Marston, MeClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moultou. Myers, Newell,. Niblack
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Porham, Plants. Price. W il-
liam II. Randall, Ritter, Sawyer, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Stokes, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson. Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Welker, Went-
wortli, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
^N0T\M)TING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Boyer, Brandesee. Buckland, Campbell, Conklmg,
Cullom, Culver, Delano, Demson, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Eckley, Farnswoitb Garfield, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub
WdDemas Hubbard, Hulburd Jones Kasson,
Kelso, Kerr, Koontz, Kuykendall, Le Blond, Loit-
wich, Loan, Marvin, McCnllough, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins,
Sehenck, Starr, Stevens, Taber, Trimble, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, and
Wright—57.
So Mr. McRuer's amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. SCOFIELD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Koontz, was confined to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilsos, of Iowa, and it was
agreed to.
S9th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 81.
The preamble and resolution as amended
were adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say that
in moving the amendment I did not intend to
have myself put upon this special committee,
but for the purpose of relieving my committee
and myself from this additional labor.
Mr. WENT"WORTH. I move that the com-
mittee have power to send for persons and
papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced the
appointment of Messrs. Wentwortii, Ward of
New York, and Glossbrenner to constitute
the select committee.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of H. C. Dave, relative to
prize money for officers and men of the Signal
corps on Admiral Farragut's fleet; and also
the papers in the case of J. Thomas Turner.
E. BROWN.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims^ was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
papers in the case of E. Brown, and leave was
also granted for their withdrawal from the files
of the House.
REPORT ON MINING STATISTICS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and under the law referred to the joint
Committee on Printing:
Ilesolved, That five thousand copies of the lotter
Of the Secretary of the Treasury of February 13,18o7.
transmitting a report by James W. Taylor, special
commissioner for the collection of mining statistics
east of the Rocky mountains, bo printed for the use
of the House.
CHARLES PITCHER.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Charles Pitcher ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
SYMPATHY FOR THE GREEKS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, presented joint resolutions of the State
of New York, expressive of sympathy for the
Greeks, now struggling for freedomwhich
was referred to the Committee on Foreign AI-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT 01? LANDS FOR CALIFORNIA CANAL.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported
back House bill No. 90G, granting lands to aid
in the construction of a canal in the State of
California; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted. .
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the bill was recommttted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution 5 wnich
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to furnish to the publishers of the Globe at each ses-
sion of Congress a list of the members of the House
of Representatives, with their post office address, and
the number of the seats occupied by the same.
EVENING SESSION FOR DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that there be an
evening session this evening for debate only
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as several gentlemen desire to speak
who have been crowded out by the pressure
of business.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 506) to authorize the trustees
of the Foundry (Methodist Episcopal) church
to sell and convey square No. 235, in-the city
of Washington;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) to provide
in certain cases for the removal of alcohol from
bonded warehouses free from internal tax; a,nd
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) for the relief
of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract with the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho.
CONTRACTS FOR WAR VESSELS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order in the morning hour was the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 220, for the relief of
certain contractors for the construction of ves-
sels-of-war and steam machinery, Mr. Sloan
being entitled to the floor.
Mr. DELANO. I ask my colleague on the
Committee of Claims to yield to me.
Mr. SLOAN. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the Clerk to read a
resolution 1 send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That tho Secretary of tho Navy be re-
quested to organize a board of not less than threo
competent persona, whoss© duty it shall be to inquire
into and determine how muesli the vessels-of-war and
steam machinery contracted for by the Department
in tho years 1802 and 1S03 cost thocontractors over and
above the contract price and allowance for extra
work, and report tho same to the Senate at its next
session. None but thoso that have given satisfaction
to the Department to bo considered.
Mr. DELANO. I want the House to under-
stand that acting under this resolution a com-
mittee was appointed in.the Senate to investi-
gate these claims, and that that committee
reported that the cost of the structures em-
braced in the resolution over and above the
contract price was $2,383,000. The commit-
tee went further, and recommended an allow-
ance to the contractors of $2,207,000, a duty
not assigned to them by the resolution, as the
House will observe by its terms. Acting under
the report made by this committee, the Senate
passed a resolution giving to these several con-
tractors twelve per cent, on the contract price
of their structures; which twelve per cent,
amounted in the aggregate to $1,267,000. I
want the House to bear in mind that the re-
port of the naval board undertook to give the
entire cost of the vessels over and above the
contract price, and went upon the basis that
whether the contract was a profitable one or
not the Government was bound to make it a
profitable one, or was bound at least to pay all
that it cost the contractors to build, without
reference to whether they had acted judiciously
or wisely in making the structures.
The Senate did not adopt this report ot the
naval board but took an arbitrary rate ior
damages of twelve per cent, on the amount ot
the contract price. Now, many of these con-
tracts—fifteen of them for wooden double-
enders—were let at a uniform price ot ^ 11>,000
each, and the contractors claimed as damages,
some of them $3,000, and some of them $17,000
under the same contract and for the same
work. The result was to give a uniform rate
of increase to each of these contractors without
reference to the actual amount that might be
due, without reference to the question whether
their losses were the result ot tault on the part
of the Government or themselves.
Upon this resolution of the Senate the com-
mittee have made a report which I desire the
House to examine before it acts upon tms
important subject, embracing as it does a large
sum of money. I find this morning on
tables a bill in the interest of the contractors
The proposition made by the committee £ not
in print, or was not, and has not been laid o
our tables, nor has the report made by the
committee been laid on our tables, but by
