1867.
TBI. CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
fflfr
objection to the passage of the bill originally-
reported by our Committee on Pensions trans-
ferring the appointment of these officers from
the Secretary of the Interior to the President
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; bat if we pass any measure carrying but
this idea it ought to be prospective altogether;
it ought not to involve the larger and more
important question of the removal of officers
by the Congress of the United States by a direct
enactment of theirs, assuming to the two Houses
this power of removal. We have had a grave
argument in the general debate upon confer-
ring this power upon the President and Senate
eonjointly in most eases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that this
motion for reconsideration, which I believe is
now the pending question, was made by my
colleague on account of a desire I had expressed
to be heard upon this subject before it was
finally acted upon, I being out of the Senate
engaged upon other matters at the time of its
passage. I wish to state simply that so far as
the bill stands now it is acceptablc to me per-
sonally. - I did not like any of the dates that
were fixed there, because 1 reasoned precisely
as a great many others did: the date might
affect somebody perhaps in whom I am inter-
ested ; and if a date was to be fixed at all, I
wanted one to be safe with the rest of them :
and therefore if that kind of legislation was to
be adopted I thought I should like to share in
its benefits.
But, sir,. I want to say further that I was
opposed entirely to the adoption of the amend-
ment jnado by the House. -The amendment is
for the single purpose of just changing the law
and saying, substantially, that everybody who
has been appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior since a given date shall go out of office
unless he is reappointed. It was gotten up
.unquestionably, I argue from the face of it,
for that purpose. It is very likely that the
Secretary of the Interior did, in certain cases
in other States, as he did in the State of Maine,
see fit to remove one pension agent and appoint
another, and the object of the amendment as
adopted by the House to the bill, it seemed to
me, was to say that where he had done so
those men should be considered still in office
until a new nomination and appointment was
made by the President under this law which
we now propose to pass. As it stands now
it is substantially that; because it leaves the
power of .appointment just precisely where it
was before, since the amendment to the amend-
ment has been adopted by the Senate, with the
exception of those appointed since October,
1866, a date which does ;not cover my man,
and leaves him safe enough in office. That is
so very late a date as not to touch„him. So it
is well enough in that particular.
But, sir, I object entirely to this kind of
legislation ; that is my difficulty. I approved
of the bill or submitted to the bill as it was
first reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions. That committee said, "Here is an im-
portant class' of officers, now very important;
they disburse a great deal of money, and they
are obliged to give fyeavy bonds ; the appoint-
ment now is by the Secretary of the Interior,
and he may appoint any number of them that
he sees fit. It is proper that there should be
legislation fixing the number to be appointed,
and giving the appointment to the President
of the United States, and of course the nomi-
nees to be confirmed by the Senate of the
United States in the ordinary way." "With
reference to offices of that importance and
consequence I think the proposed law is use-
ful and proper. * But, sir, I do not approve of
beginning trie kind of legislation which is pro-
posed by the amendment of the House ; that
is to say, fixing up something that shall keep in
certain persons against the appointments that
have been recently made. To be sure I should
not like'to have one of my friends turned out.
I did not like it in the case that was presented.
I was sorry it was so. I should be willing to
get him back by every method I could adopt
that is consistent with my duty as a Senator;
but to legislate that everybody who has been
appointed to office since a given date shall be
considered as out of office, and everybody who
was in before that time shall be considered as
in office, is carrying the idea of legislation on
the subject of officers further than I am willing
to go, further than my judgment approves.
Therefore, I shall vote for the reconsideration
with a view to see if the Senate will, on reflec-
tion, adopt the amendment of the House, or
leave the matter just where everything is left
of the same description.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think, as this relates
to the subject of the main bill that is before
the Senate, the decision upon the motion to
reconsider had better be postponed until the
vote of the Senate upon the bill which is in the
charge of thfe Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] I therefore move the postpone-
ment of the motion to reconsider until Tuesday
next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up, withont a motion, the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is Sen-
ate bill No. 453.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOtJSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Llotd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 253)
to incorporate the First Congregational So-
ciety of Washington, with an amendment, and
also the bill (S. No. 880) to incorporate the
Washington County Horse Railroad Company
in the District of Columbia, with amendments,
in which amendments it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of
offices, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. SuMjfEa to amend the amendment
agreed to as in Committee of the Whole by
adding to it the following additional section:
And be it further enacted, That all officers or agonts,
except clerks of Departments, now appointed by the
President or by the head of any Department, whose
salary or compensation, derived from fees or other-
wise. exceeds |l,000 annually, shall be nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate: and the term of all such
officers or agents who have been appointed since the
1st day of July, 1866, either by the President or by the
head of a Department, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall expire on tho last day of
February, 1867.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
proposes to discuss the pending amendment,
which I understand has been offered by him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
may have something to say upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Do you propose to
withhold your remarks until what you suppose
to be the close of the debate ?
Mr. SUMNER. I had no purpose on the
subject. Should anything occur in the debate
which I should think it proper to answer, 1
shall throw myself upon the indulgence of the
Senate to answer it; but 1 have no purpose on
the subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, that
is very much after the fashion of the Senator
from Massachusetts. He has no sponsors for
his letters. He has correspondents from all
parts of the world, but nobody ever heard what
were their sign-manuals. And now, under-
taking to offer an amendment after the discus-
sion has been engaged in, he declines to make
one remark until something has transpired that
is worthy of his steel, holding himself to be
Brian De Bois Gilbert, I suppose, or else Ivan-
hoe, who touched his shield, for nobody equal
to him in point of arms exists in or about the
Federal Senate. The agony of his_ self-admi-
ration must give him great trouble in the mid-
night hours.
Sir, this question is a question of offieo. I
undertook to state yesterday—whether I stated
it well or not I am not exactly certain; I think
I did state it exactly—there was an eminent
French author, from whom the men who
established our institutions derived their great-
est light, because when Montesquieu wrote his
Spirit of Laws, he, in his adaptations, gave
reference to everything there wag in the oM
Greek and Latin days. They were familiar
with the history of the intermediate States,
with the republics of Rome and Venicd, and
with free institutions as they were developed
in Germany, and free institutions as they were
developed o® the northern shores of the Med-
iterranean, and as they were developed every-
where. It has seemed to me a singular thing
that I cannot find at the present time any going
back to the wisdom of our highly-informed
fathers. It is true that when I was a lad I
thought I knew more than my grandfather did;
but as I grew older I found I did not. There
is a sort of aspiring spirit that-' is common to
oar American people, particularly to those who
have got any of the Celtic or Gothic blood
about them, and they are disposed to affirm
that they know all. My friend from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams,] who is very much , of a Celt,
is confident he knows it all; and the Erse gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Br.owx,] with big
golden locks—he perfectly knows itall. [Laugh-
ter.] Now, it was some time said in the days
of old antiquity that the high elevation of the
soundest philosophy was to know thyself, and
I think that was inscribed in the temple at
Delphos by one of the wise men of Greece.
In the consideration of these grave questions
it is well for ns really to consult. How many
consultations have there been in this Chamber
during the six years that I have had the honor
to be here? There have been belligerent con-
troversies. The Senator from Missouri con-
stitutionally affirms what he thinks himself.
He does not ask whether any other person
thinks differently, and is not prepared to accept
any modification upon fair and just considera-
tion. I have seen the time when great men,
grave men, wise men sat in this Senate Cham-
ber, and they would ask of each other, what is
right about a matter; what should we do;
what is for the interest of the State, speaking
of the State as the Union, that is the United
States, because when we speak of the State
here we mean all the States. That has not
been done for eight years in this Senate Cham-
ber. This is not Senatus consultum while par-
tisan considerations can control this council,
which was designed to be the most conserva-
tive of the elements of this Government—equal
with the supreme judiciary. There is no con-
sultation now, and has not been, except con-
sultation in caucus. We who live m the
northwestern part of the world, where the ice
freezes very deep, are not in the council at all,
for we are only subject to their judgment
They sit down, a portion of the Senate, and
hold their councils and determine what they
will do, not understanding that it is the com-
mon right of every Senator here to be consid-
ered and have his opinions canvassed and his
best judgment rendered on the Senate floor.
This never occurred until the inauguration
of a series of proceedings within the last six
years. There never was such a thing as a
caucus upon political questions in the Federal
Senate before that time ; there never was such
a thing as a caucus upon political questions in
the House of Representatives, nor in .any
House of Representatives or Senate of the
United States of which I have heard. It is
now determined by the force of an overwhelm-
ing majority that the minority shall have no
voice.
I have some recollection of its having been
said long ago, and well said, that the tyranny
of a majority was the most terrible tyranny in
the world. What is it ? The tyranny of the
raging mob ; of such men as hung up to lan-
terns men in Paris during the Hundred Days;
euch men as have been asserting the power of
a majority—the cruelest, most sanguinary,- an<i
desperate ruler of a people. The most tw
riblo tyranny in the world tyranny of «
