§m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
Januarj.17,
[Mr. Grimes,] is such that that would.be the
very first exclamation they would make in a con-
tingency of this kind. But being, as Isaid, all
sinners,- and all involved in thia general calam-
ity which, seems to have involved the inhabit-
ants of the planet universally even down to the
honorable 8enator from California, [Mr. Con-
fess,] we ought to be leoieSt to the mistakes
of one another; and if .we, should happen to be
deceived as to the, character of the eleet or
the saints, and find ourselves mistaken, that I
know, in the opinion of my honorable frie nd
from West Virginia, is not matter for eternal
or universal condemnation. That is a thing
i  itself venial, pardonable, and it ought to be
so. The common frailties of our nature enjoin
6s .so to consider it.
. But, sir, enough of this; ' What I meant to
Say in the statement I made.to the Senate yes-
terday was that we were in the habit of ex-
aggerating the' errors of our antagonists, we
were in the habit of magnifying the faults of
our adversaries; and misled by delusions of
this kind, blinded by this sort of glare, we
might be unjust at times ; and I thought a very
unjust spirit was manifested toward the Pres-
ident of the United States.
'Men change their Qpinions. Men may have
expressed themselves in, the heat of temporary
excitement as this postmaster at Wheeling ex-
pressed himself. Men on the other hand, fickle,
unsteady men, quick men I may say, at the
outstart of this controversy with the President
manifested themselves in language pretty
strongly in his favor. I think I could point out
among my friends here some instances where
gentlemen expressed themselves very strongly
in favor of the President and his policy as be-
ing the policy and the only policy which was
calculated to restore harmony to the Union
and integrity to our institutions; and yet to-
day these are the very persons who denounce
most, violently and most unscrupulously and
in the most unwarranted terms that sa'me policy
and that same programme which they started
out by indorsing.
I trust we shall be able after awhile to com-
prehend these things in their true significance,
understand them as they really are; and not
only for ourselves, but for our several parties
make the best of them and make the bfet of
thenr for the country. That, indeed, is the
great question. To-day the great question is
not what shall be done which is best for the
parties of the country or those who expect to
be the recipients of party honors and party
emoluments, but what is best to be done for
that great mass of our fellow-citizens who are
not partisans actually in an interested sense,
but who are inhabitants of the country and
whose future welfare depends upon our action.
I think, and I agree with what was said-yester-
day by the honorable- Senator from Maine, and
I am glad to be able to indorse it again to-day,
that moderation such as he recommends is the
true course of wisdom.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, from
my youth up I have looked to the Senate of
the United States as a body so elevated, so far
removed from the prejudices and passions of
the times, that no injustice whatever would be
done in its action. I have been surprised
during the course of this debate to hear what
I have regarded as most unjust accusations
against the President of the United States;
and none perhaps so marked as that of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
When discussing thfs bill the other day that
Seijator felt himself authorized to say after
quoting the line—
"Kew actions teach new duties:"
"We have a new occasion now teaching a new
duty. That new occasion is the misconduct of the
Executive of the United States, and the new duty
which this occasion teaches is that Congress should
exercise all its powers in throwing a shield over our
fellow-citizens. We see that the Executive is deter-
mined to continue this warfare upon the incumbents
of office: shall we not if possible protect them ? I say
that it is our duty growing out of this hour."
The misconduct of the Executive throws
upon Congress new duties, is the burden of
.the argument of the Senator from Massachu-
setts; and what is that "misconduct?" Not
the disregard of any obligation that the Con-
stitution throws upon him, not the violation of
any law, except in two particular instances to
which he did not refer, but the violation of
duty on the part of the President. to which he
refers is the exercise on his part of a constitu-
tional power which has been recognized from
the very first session of the Congress of the
United States—the exercise of his power- of
removal from office and the appointment of
other 'men.
Mr. President, I have. never, sympathized
with the general removal from office. I have
never seen a faithful officer removed that I
have not sympathized with him except in cases
where according to our doctrine of rotation in
office that party had held the office, as we un-
derstand, long enough. But what is this doc-
trine of the Senator from Massachusetts? Is
it the English doctrine, a doctrine, however,
which has been repudiated in the English
eourts, that a man shall have a right in his
office as against everybody else, to hold it as
against the party or power in the Government
that confers it? Is it the doctrine that because
a man is once in office he shall continue in
office? I recognize the full force of the argu-
ment in favor, of the incumbent where he has
done his duty. But if he has .done his duty,
after he has held the office a reasonable length
of time, I think he does not have a claim above
everybody else in the country.
But what is this charge that the Senator
brings against the President? It has been
brought down to an exact statement by the
Senator from Pennsylvania: out of all the civil
officers of the country under his control he has
removed one man out of six; he has called
into office of the men that sympathized with
him in what he regards to be the proper policy
one man out of six, leaving five office-holders
out of six against him. And this is charged
against him as an outrage and a wrong by a
Senator who uniformly supported the policy
of Mr. Lincoln.
Is it not known to every Senator that in
1861 there was a proscription because of opin-
ion more sweeping and terrible than had ever
been known in the country? Until 1861, when
was it ever held that every man must be turned
out of office who did not agree with the party
in power? Scarcely a man was left in office
in 1861 to represent the sentiments of the large
minority in the country. I bring this up as
no accusation against Mr. Lincoln's adminis-
tration. I did not claim that the men who voted
against him ought to be kept in office, and I
conceded his right to call into the executive
offices men who sympathized sincerely with
him in his political views, that he should have
confidence not only in his Secretaries but in
every executive officer -vho was to aid him in
the execution of the laws; and I never charged
him with a wrong because he left no Demo-
crats in office. When the Democrats were
beaten in 1860 and the Republican party was
successful I thought it right enough for Mr.
Lincoln to call men to him and to his support
in all the offices of the country—men who truly
sympathized with him in his political views—
that he should have confidence in all from the
highest to the lowest; and I never thought of
charging it as an outrage by him, and as a
reason why by legislation the whole policy of
the Government should be changed in that
regard.
The proscription since 1861 has been sur-
passing anything ever observed before. It has
not only extended to the high offices of the
country, but to the smaller officers; until it
has gone into the eourts. and for the past five
years in the Federal courts, where the marshal
and the clerk control the subject, you would
scarcely see a juror called into the box or
placed upon the grand jury who did not agree
in political opinion with the party in power.
The proscription has gone into the courts,
and juries have been organized upon political
principles. The men called into the grand
jury-room to inquire of the violation of law,
and who ought to be free from partisan feel-
ings, have been selected with a view to their
party politics. I have thought that a wrong.
I have felt, as a practitioner of the" law, that
party politics ought never to find its way into
the court. Stopping short of that and leaving
it to be felt only in the executive offices, I
have no charge to make against the late Ad-
ministration. But the gentlemen who sup-
ported that Administration in this proseriptive
policy certainly are not justified in saying that
Mr. Johnson, the present Chief Magistrate, is
chargeable with wrong if he calls his friends
into one sixth of the public offices.
But, gir, is the Senate of the United States
the plaee in which to make the charge of
proscription ? Of all the employ6s of this body
I know .of but one man who sympathizes with
the conservative sentiment of the country;
and on the first or second day of the session,
because of political party views, three of the
distinguished chiefs or heads of committees
were stricken from their places and assigned
to the foot of the committees. I should have
no criticism to make upon that if those com-
mittees were in charge of matters relating to
the political questions of the day; but they
had no reference to such questions. The three
committees to which I. refer have no charge of
any question that now agitates the country or
divides Congress and the President; but sim-
ply because brother Senators differ upon a
political question the majority of the Senate
proscribe them, and in the middle of a Con-
gress assign them from the head of a committee
to the foot of it. And yet Senators say that it
is an outrage to proscribe men because of
political opinions. V
Why, sir, in this very city, under the eye of
the President, nearly all the offices are filled by
men that oppose him. The postmaster in this
city is understood to be one of the leaders of
the opposition to the President and of the ad-
her3nts of Congress. The collecting officer in
this District is another instance; and of all the
clerks in the Departments my information is
that there is not perhaps one out of ten that
supports the President of the United States.
And yet he is charged with proscription; he is
charged with doing a wrong, because some of
the officers of the country have been removed
and men sympathizing with hi3 policy have
been placed in their stead.
I know very well the argument which is
used: that Mr. Johnson has proscribed men
who belong to the party that put him in power.
Well, sir, who have been appointed in their
places as a general thing? Not Democrats,
not men who opposed the Lincoln and John-
son ticket in 1864; but, as a general thing,
the men who have been appointed by this
Administration are men who voted for Mr.
Lincoln and Mr. Johnson in 1864; and in
removing one man and putting in another the
President has simply selected among the men
who supported him in the contest of 1864.
And is it wholly unreasonable that he should
make such a_selection? Have questions not
come up since 1864 that did not enter into
the contest of that year ? Did the question
that now divides Congress and the President
enter into the contest of 1864, and was Mr.
Johnson elected upon that question ? I submit
to the candid judgment of every Senator
whether the question that divides you from the
President formed an issue in the contest of
1864? It did not. Since Mr. Johnson's elec-
tion, and since he has come to be President of
the United States, a question has arisen" be-
cause of the close of the war, and that ques-
tion is in what mode shall the States be restored
to all their proper relations to the Federal
Government.
Upon that great question the President of
! the United States has assumed his ground; Con-
gress has assumed an opposite ground; and
here is a difference, a difference upon a ques-
tion that has arisen since the President came
into power, an unexpected difference of opin-
ion. Undoubtedly his views are honestly cn-
i tertained by him; and so on the other hand are
