1960
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
no officer or department of the Government
had authority to declare it, you, in your
assumed omnipotence of authority, undertake
to say the wrong thing was all right: "It was
wrong when it was done ; but we, the omnip-
otent masters of the people of the United
States; we, who derive our powers, it is true,
under a written Constitution, but Nvho are
superior to all written constitutions, now pro-
claim that we will that it shall be all right, and
our will shall not be questioned." Yes, sir,
even the mouths of the Federal courts, to whom,
under the Constitution of the United States,
is committed exclusively the power of deter-
mining all questions of lavj and equity arising
under the Constitution, are to be shut; the
voice of justice and right is not to be heard in
her own temple ; the omnipotence of the Con-
gress of the United States is to say that out-
rage and wrong are right, that injustice is jus-
tice. We, who in our omnipotence of power
hqve proclaimed to the American people and
before the world that black is white, now pro-
claim that wrong is right:
"Military trials by courts-martial or military com-
missions "—
A thing unknown to your Constitution, and
which you have no power to ordain 1 Military
commissions to try citizens of the United
States whose rights are secured by a written
Constitution 1 Military commissions to try
persons not connected with the Army and
Navy of the United Statest If the courts of
justice were open, and if justice could be im-
partially administered, every member who has
sat on such tribunals would be liable to be
tried and hanged for every murder committed
by them. In England—call it a monarchy if
you will—men have been tried and hung for
being guilty of the very acts which you propose
to legalize. Even the omnipotence of Parlia-
ment was not invoked to shield them, after the
lapse of twenty years, against their murderous
acts.
" Or the arrest, imprisonment, and trial of persons
charged with participation in the late rebellion
against the United States, or as aiders or abettors
thereof, or as guilty of any disloyal practice in aid
thereof."
' 'Any disloyal practice!'' What is it ? Have
you defined it bylaw? Did you proclaim to
any citizen of the United States before these
unjustifiable proclamations were issued, before
martial law was declared, what a " disloyal
practice" was? Its definition can be found in
no law-book in England, in America, or through-
out the civilized world. And yet now, if a
little petty officer has arrested any man because
he charged him with having been guilty of a
disloyal practice, you propose to legalize his
acts; and if the injured citizen appeals to your
courts of justice for redress, though the wrong
he has suffered may have been the most griev-
ous and outrageous, you say to him that he
shall have no redress ; that neither the Federal
nor the State courts shall be open to his com-
plaint. Ay, you do more: you reverse all the
law of evidence in order to carry out the abom-
inations of this bill. According to the theory,
both of British and American law, every man
is presumed to be innocent until he be proved
to be guilty; and heretofore it has been held
throughout the civilized world that where an
act was done for which authority of law was
claimed that authority must be shown; but
you step in, in the exercise of that omnipo-
tence of power which you unwarrantably claim,
and you say before men and in the presence
of high Heaven that all this shall be reversed,
and however illegal, and however outrageous
the act may have been which has been commit-
ted, it shall prima facie be presumed that it
was done under the order of the President of
the United States.
Sir, what are some of these "disloyal prac-
tices?" Some of us have heard of tnem. A
respectable citizen of my own State, but not a
member of your party, was on the day of the
election, before the polls were opened, dragged
away from his native State and imprisonea in
a Federal den—if it is a den located on the
borders of my State, Fort Delaware—and I
should shed no tears if it and Fort McHenry
and Fort Warren and Fort La Fayette were de-
molished, and ships were sent to the desert of
Sahara for sand to cover them and blot them
out from the human eye. This man was held
till the election was over; and he was then per-
mitted to learn the '1 disloyal practice'' of ^vhich
he had been guilty, and lo and behold I it was
that he was a man " dangerous to the neigh-
borhood." That was the written charge, and
he was not allowed to see it until he was about
to leave the fort. You by your bill say that
if he seeks redress in a court of law it shall be
presumed prima facie that the act was done
under the authority of the President of the
United States.
Sir, even if the President of the United States
had authorized such acts, where did he get the
power to authorize them ? His power is lim-
ited by a written Constitution as well as yours.
He has no more right in time of war to trans-
gress the powers delegated to him than he has
in time of peace; and neither has Congress.
Again, sir, a peaceable, quiet citizen in the
county in which I reside was arrested by a
petty, sub-provost marshal, carried to Balti-
more, denied a hearing, and banished beyond
the lines under the penalty of death if he dared
return, when Maryland, once proud, glorious
Maryland, by the side of whose sons the sons
of my native State fought for that liberty which
this Congress is transgressing, was trodden un-
der foot and crushed to earth by a little petty
military official that never won a battle and
never will win one. One of your petty provost
marshals took into his head that possibly he
might have returned, and that one night he
was about his house. So, in the exercise of
his unlimited authority, he summoned a set of
willing instruments, and they surrounded that
man's house at the hour of midnight; with
guns and weapons of every kind they demanded
entrance into the house ; frightened the man's
wife, who was there with her little child; gained
admission, and ate and drank to their heart's
content, and no one was to be found there but
a helpless wife and an infant child. Against
every one of these trespassers, as counsel for
that man, I brought an action of trespass quare
clausum fregit, and if there could be any more
horrible names attached to the writ I would
have added them. I will try those cases; and
when your miserable bill, that is not worth the
paper it is written upon, is produced in the
courts of Delaware as a justification for that
act, and I am called upon to prove that the
act was not done by authority of the President
of the United States, I will tell that court that
I do not care whether it was done by his au-
thority or not. I do not recognize, and I do
not believe the courts of my State will recog-
nize, the fact that we Mid any legal despot in
the United States, however despotic his acts
were; and they will not, in my judgment, rec-
ognize the omnipotence of the Congress of the
United States. If they do, I shall submit
peaceably and quietly, as a law-abiding citi-
zen, to their decision; but the question must
be heard before the legal tribunals.
If the provost marshal undertakes, from
envy, hatred, or malice, to surround my house
at midnight, to break open my dwelling, and
commit not only trespass vi et armis, but tres-
pass quare clausum f regit, what right have you
to say that the State of Delaware shall not have
jurisdiction of actions for the violation of her
own criminal law or for trespass committed
against her citizens ? Who gave you the right
to oust a State court of its jurisdiction ?
But, Mr. President, there is something in
your bill after all: it declares that these acts
are "legalized and made valid to the same
extent" as if they "had been done under the
previous express authority and direction of the
Congress of the United States, and in pursu-
ance of a law thereof previously enacted."
Now, suppose in time of war you had passed
an act authorizing military officers to go to my
house, to break into my close, to tread down
my grass, to dig up my soil, to beat and assault
mo, would you have had any right to do it ?
If you have any such power I should like
some of the legal gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber to tell me where in the Con-
stitution that authority is delegated to Con-
gress. If one of your military officers went
to the house of a peaceable, quiet, unoffend-
ing citizen, broke his close, trod down his
grass, dug up his soil, broke open his doors,
destroyed his furniture, would you have a right
to say that the courts of Delaware should have
no jurisdiction over that matter, but that it is
justified under your authority, because you
passed an act authorizing him to do it ?
There is one sovereign remedy for all the
evils which this bill contemplates; and that is
the provision in it that the acts referred to are
legalized to the extent that they would be au-
thorized if they had been made valid by an act
previously passed by Congress. Then if Con-
gress would have had no right under the Con-
stitution to pass such an act, what becomes of
the legalization of these acts when committed
by authority of a President's proclamation or
otherwise? Mr. President, this is only one
more step in the utter destruction and subver-
sion of constitutional civil liberty, in the over-
throw of that Federal system of government
adopted by our fathers. Did I say " one more
step?" Ah, sir, let me recall the expression.
That "one more step" it is not possible to
take. You have already done it; you have
dissolved the Union; you have destroyed the
Federal Constitution; you have left nothing of
constitutional liberty, liberty regulated by law,
but a name. There is but one hope as against
your unconstitutional acts. When armed men
by hundreds of thousands trod your soil, and
who could be commanded by military author-
ity to do as you suggested, you proclaimed
yourselves to be Union men, friends of the
Constitution, men who were prosecuting a war,
asyou proclaimed, simplytopreservethe Union
and restore the Constitution; but now that that
armed soldiery no longer in such numbers
treads your soil, you are proving every day
that you yourselves are the real disunionists.
The words "Copperhead" and "traitor" you
rolled as a sweet morsel under your tongues.
It seemed to delight you to boast that you in
patriotism were superior to your neighbors.
Oh, to question then the rightfulness of any
opinion of your chosen chief was disloyalty.
To question then the constitutionality of your
action as a Federal Congress was evidence of
being a Copperhead. Now, that you have it
in your power to restore the Union which you
have dissevered, and to bring into one loving
fold all the people of this country, vast and
extensive as it is, you show your devotion to
the Union of these States by saying to ten of
them, "Stay away from your father's house;
you have no part or lot in our heritage." You
evince your love of the Constitution and fidel-
ity to the Union by levying taxation and deny-
ing representation. You evince your love of
liberty and your high regard for the Constitu-
tion by passing a bill delegating the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus over these
States, of denying their citizens every constitu-
tional right. But not content with that, not
content with what you have done in reference
to the southern States, you propose now by
this bill to close the courts of justice to my
appeal if a man pretending to act under Fed-
eral authority has come into my peaceful State,
outraged my rights, and done me most griev-
ous wrongs.
Sir, there is but one hope that I see against
your action, and that is an appeal to the great
thinking mass of this country. I hope that
judgment has not wholly fled to brutish beasts,
that men are not wholly lost to reason; and if
there is one particle of judgment left or one
spark of reason left, I hope that such bills as
this will be a powerful appeal to that judgment
and that reason, and that ere long the Ameri-
can people in their majesty will rise up and
pronounce your acts violative of all that is dear
to the human heart and all that is sacred to the
ideas of constitutional liberty.
Mr. STEWART. I think the whole effect of
