1807.
THE GOSWHiESSIOTAL .GLOBE.
1961
this bill is misunderstood. This is an amnesty
bill—amnesty to the officers and soldiers who
have preserved this Union by their valor and
by their devotion to the country. It simply
says that they shall not, for their good con-
duct, be annoyed by law-suits growing out of
the war; that they shall have peace. I did
not suppose that those who are so very desir-
ous that rebels should have immunity from
punishment, those who are so strenuously op-
posed to every measure adopted fop security
lest in some way it might circumscribe the
claims of rebels, those who have been so fiercely
opposed to what has been deemed absolutely
necessary for the preservation of peace and
order, would be so violently opposed to giving
this small boon to the loyal soldier engaged in
this war, that after they have risked their lives
for the preservation of their country and have
preserved its liberty, they shall not be subjected
to law-suits growing out of their obedience to
the orders of the President.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to know for
whom this bill is an act of amnesty unless it be
somebody who has transgressed the law? To
whom does it propose to extend amnesty
except to the violators of law?
Mr. STEWART. I will answer that. Every
time a rebel brings snit against our men it
relieves them from the necessity of being
harassed by going bafck to get the evidence that
they were acting in pursuance of law, and it
throws the onus on the party who desires to
bring this greatcontest into the cBurts of show-
ing that he did not have the order of the Presi-
dent and was not acting according to law.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Suppose these illegal
acts were committed against persons who were
not rebels nor disloyal, as you call it; against
men whom you yourselves call loyal, would you
close the courts of justice against such men?
Mr. STEWART. I reckon there was no
order of the President to take a person because
he was loyal. But, as I said before, the whole
scope and purpose of this bill is an amnesty to
the loyal; and we who have been in favor of
amnesty to the disloyal certainly must be in
favor of amnesty for the loyal, for there is no
greater annoyance than to be afflicted with all
sorts of vexatious law-suits every time a man
who has fought for his country happens to be
caught in the vicinity where he was compelled
to fight.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall say but a very
few words in reply to what has been said on
this bill. Congress has been legislating for
several years to protect persons who were en-
gaged in the suppression of the rebellion from
prosecutions and suits for acts which were done
in the line of their duty and in obedienee to
the orders of the President of the United
States and those acting under his authority.
Several statutes have been passed on that sub-
ject. The first, I think, was on the 3d of
March, 1863; and we passed an amendatory
act on the 11th of May, 186ti, protecting all
officers from having to pay damages in conse-
quence of such acts as are recited in this bill
and in the acts to which I have referred ; but
those statutes went no further than to author-
ize the party wjio was sued to transfer his case
from the State to the Federal court, and to
make the orders of the President, or the fact
that the party acted under a color of law in the
suppression of the rebellion, a defense to the
suit. This statute goes very little further. It
authorizes the party to make this defense in
the preliminary stages of the action, to plead
to the jurisdiction of the court.
The Senator from Maryland, by moving to
strike out the latter part of the bill as it stands,
recognizes, as I understand, the authority to
pass the first portion of this bill. Now, what
is it? It declares that these parties shall be
Erotected to the same extent that they would
ave been protected by an existing law at the
time the acts were done. Is there any Senator
here who is not willing to go that far?
Mr. NORTON. Allow me to ask if this does
not really go further, and go to the extent of
preventing a court from reviewing a judgment
of a military commission when a person may
perhaps be suffering imprisonment under the
sentence of a military commission?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It goes that far if an
: act of Congress existingat the time would have '
! protected the party. The clause which it is
proposed to strike out, which is that "no civil
court of the United States," &c., shall " take
jurisdiction of or in any manner reverse any
of the proceedings had or acts done as afore-
said," merely authorizes the party to plead to
the jurisdiction. You may bring the suit; but
if the fact is made to appear to the court that \
it is a case coming within this law, and this i
law is constitutional, then the court would pro- !
ceed no further in the case. Now, is not the
Senator from Minnesota and are not all of us 1
prepared to go to the full extent we can go to
protect all persons who took part in putting :
down this rebellion? I presume so.
Mr. NORTON. I will say to the Senator !
from Illinois that I am entirely willing and I
1 am very anxious to vote for a bill that will pro-
tect and relieve persons who acted in the dis-
charge of their duty, under the orders and ,
proclamations here referred to, from all civil >
or personal liability for their acts; but the j
question with me is, whether this does not go
to the extent of preventing a court from re-
viewing in any manner, even by habeas corpus, !
the proceedings of a court-martial or military
commission, so that if a person was illegally
imprisoned he could not be enlarged. If it
goes to that extent, I should dislike very much
to vote for this bill; but if it does not go that
far, and is only for the protection of our officers
in acts done under presidential orders and
proclamations, I shall be very willing to vote
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the
bill, it intends to go thus far and no farther:
to protect the party just as far as it would
have been competent for Congress to have
protected him had a law previously existed.
Suppose Congress had passed a law authorizing
a military commission, if you please, as the
Senator refers to that: if the existence of such
a law at the time would have warranted the
commission, then the commission having been
held without that law, and the parties having
actcd in obedience to orders who sat upon that
commission, the effect of this bill is to protect
them. I presume the Senator from Minnesota
desires to protect them. It protects them
although the act had no warrant of law at that
time. If Congress could have given the war-
rant, then we want to give it now.
Mr. NORTON. I certainly do, and the
doubt in my mind arises out of the provision i
that no court "shall have or take jurisdiction j
of or in any manner reverse any of the proceed- 1
ings had or acts done as aforesaid." And it |
certainly would be a reversing of the proceed- i
ings of a court-martial or military commission !
to reverse the sentence or to declare it illegal
and discharge the person from imprisonment;
but so far as the protection of the members of
the court or persons acting under those orders
is concerned, I am entirely willing to go as far
as the Senator from Illinois ; but 1 do think
that if persons are under imprisonment by the
sentence of a military commission, and in the
judgment of the courts that is illegal, the per-
sons ought to have their liberty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
see that the bill does not go to the extent that
he proposes ?
Mr. NORTON. That is the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first part of the
bill does what? It declares "that all acts,
proclamations, and orders of the President of
the United States, and acts done by his author-
ity" upon military commissions and otherwise
'' are hereby approved in all respects, legalized,
and made valid.'' How ? Made valid •' to the
same extent and with the same effect as if
said orders and proclamations had been issued
and aude, and said arrests, imprisonments,
proceedings, and acts had been done under the
previous express authority and direction of the
Congress." The object of this bill is to legalize
to some extent, if we can. They are to have
the benefit of this protection. Then what fol-
lows? No civil court shall reverse what?
" Shall reverse any proceeding which would
have been valid if we had had the authority to
order it." That is all. They shall not take
jurisdiction. Now, when shall they not take
jurisdiction ? They shall not take jurisdiction
when the state of the case is made to appear
in the court. You may go into the court with
your case, and when the case comes up your
defendant pleads, what ? That he did this act
complained of under the authority of an order
of the President, if you please ; he refers you
to this statute that that order of the President
is a protection to him, provided a law of Con-
gress, had it existed at the time, would have
protected him. The court is of opinion that
a law would not have protected him. Then
your case is not within the law, and the court
would go on with its jurisdiction ; or, if the
court believe this law to be unconstitutional, it
would proceed to hear the case. After all,
the court is to decide it; but you authorize
the party to meet the prosecution or the suit
at the threshold and plead to the jurisdiction
of the court.
I think, and I have always thought, that we
should go to the very extent of our power in
protecting parties for acts done in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. Let the waters of obliv-
ion wash over and bury out of sight and out of
remembrance, if it were possible, all the acts
connected with this terrible war. I wish to
protect these parties as far as we can. I was
as much opposed as the Senator from Minne-
sota to the exercise of unwarranted power,
and regret that it ever should have been re-
sorted to ; but where authority was exercised
without the direct sanction of law at the time,
if it was exercised in the preservation of the
Union and for the country, I want to protect
the party as far as I can. Most of these cases
would be protected by the laws as they.exist.
This remedy, or the protection afforded by this
bill, is a little more summary. I think in that
is the chief distinction between what this bill
proposes and the protection which parties have
under existing statutes. We passed a law in
1863 limiting to two years suits in this'class
of cases. That act of limitation would be a
protection to most of the officers, but perhaps
not to all; and it was thought important by the
House of Representatives to pass this bill. I
am so unwilling at this stage of the session,
with the important measures which are press-
ing upon us, to take up time, that I shall not
discuss this matter further than merely to state
the reasons, as I understand, for the law, and
leave it to the Senate to determine whether
they will pass it or not.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President,. I had in-
tended to speak briefly on the subject of this
bill when it was called up; but I shall refrain,
and content myself with saying that after look-
ing it over as carefully as I can at my seat, I
am satisfied that there is no clause in it which
is unconstitutional, and that in my opinion it
ought to pass for the purpose, as announced
by the honorable Senator from Nevada, of
enacting at least an amnesty to the LTnion sol-
diers and officers who have carried us through
this war. I am unwilling that henceforth there
should be outstanding against them, either in
the North or the South, any causes of litiga-
tion by which they may be harassed and put
to trouble and expense. I regard it aa a simple
duty that Congress should establish and enact
this most necessary bill of indemnity in favor
of all persons who have been concerned neces-
sarily in the prosecution of this war.
I will say further, that this bill does not in
any of its clauses cover the case of a private
trespass which seemed to exercise the imagin-
ation and the feelings of the honorable Senator
from Delaware. It does not relate to any case
of a mere private trespass, but onlv to such
orders as have beea issued by the President
