1867.
THE C0JSPGRSSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
four hundred, nor until it had reached the
utmost bounds, but for the fact that the Sen-
ate had a say in the matter. The Senator
tells us that they were entitled to a part. "Who
were entitled to a part? Not the party of
which the honorable Senator is so distinguished
a member, because I understood him to say that
the effort of the President has been to confer
these offices on men who were Republicans,
not upon men who were Democrats, and that
he has undertaken to do it only in less than
the proportion of the number of votes that his
supporters were shown to have polled in the
last election, and he asks, Is it not fair that
that shall be done?
Mr. President, no one knows better than the
honorable Senator that political parties never
play for a part; they play for the whole. The
citizens in this country who were_ advised by
the honorable Senator to hold the celebrated
Philadelphia convention played for the whole,
not for a part, and they lost the whole. They
should be satisfied with the verdict and the
result.
Mr. President, so far as my duty as a Sena-
tor is concerned in reviewing the President's
nominations, when the time to exercise that
duty shall come I am perfectly -free to say that
good nominations made by the President for
apparent cause and for sufficient cause will
receive at least my support in confirmation.
It is not my design to oppose every nomina-
tion the President may see fit to have made or
to make; but the President cannot expect, nor
the Senator from Indiana, nor any Senator who
has advised' the decapitation of good men and
the nomination in their place of men who only
yesterday were opposed to the perpetuity of
this Union, that such men shall be confirmed
to those places.
The .Senator has complained, and we have
heard the complaint now I believe for the first
time, that in the constitution of the commit-
tees of this body the Senate saw fit to exercise
a discretion in the selection of the chairmen of
the committees. It is not for me to make much
reply to that part of the Senator's remarks.
The question is well understood by the Senate;
it is understood by the country. The gentle-
men in question, as I before observed, played
for all, and they lost all, and should be sat-
isfied ; and, sir, I have not heard from them-
selves that they are not satisfied. If the Presi-
dent has the right, if it is proper that he should
surround himself by persons who sympathize
with him and who represent or can represent
his views, I apprehend that it will not be de-
nied that it is any less right and proper on the
part of the Senate to select its mouth-pieces
m the prosecution of its business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not refer to that
as any criticism. I agree with the Senator; I
have never found any fault with the majority
of the Senate selecting the chairmen of com-,
mittees. I have no objection to that; but I
say that that is a specimen of proscription in
the Senate which comes in strong contrast with
the criticisms that are made by the majority
party upon the President for doing a like
thing. That was the use I made of it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not used the word
"proscription" myself. I do not think the
construction of the committees of this body can
be viewed in that light. I believe that one of
the distinguished gentlemen to whom the Sen-
ator referred [Mr. Cowan] has only recently
received the votes of the Opposition party in a
neighboring State for the office of United States
Senator, showing that the judgment of the Sen-
ate in regard to his political relations to the
dominant party is not much out of the way.
I do not wish to pursue that branch of the
subject; nor, indeed, do I wish to pursue this
subject at all. It is evident from the direction
the debate has taken the bill before the Senate
has been lost sight of, and I am as anxious as
any Senator to get to a vote upon the measure
before us. Sir, it is not agreeable always
(although, it is in another sense quite agreeable
to me always) to listen to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Indiana.
The astute manner of the Senator in endeav-
oring to seize all possible advantages for his
political party out of questions as they arise
in the Senate is, I think, pretty well under-
stood. The Senator is of distinguished ability;
he has. exercised his ability in "the Senate in
the respect that I speak of, I think since he has
been in it, the engineer of his party, the leader
of his party, and recently having added to it a
number in the Senate, he still keeps the lead.
I do not know that a better one could be
chosen.
But, Mr. President, I will not pursue this
line of remark, nor waste the time of the Senate
longer. What has taken place is well known
and understood by the Senate and the country,
and for one, as a member of the dominant party
responsible for my part of their action, I feel
entirely sinless in the premises.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Garments white as
snow I I have said perhaps as much as I should
say upon this bill, but I have not said all that
is within my own mind as to the true policy
with regard to the question of office, and the
question of office being now depending I may
as well say what I think, although I cannot
speak exactly and am not prepared to put my
thoughts in exact form of legislation.
It is my opinion that as a rule all offices Out-
side of those strictly and properly executive,
legislative, or judicial should be held during
good behavior. If our officers in the city
of Washington who take charge of our Gov-
ernment business here were not subject to be
.turned out any month or any day they would
be able to begin in the public service young
men, get trained to their duties, grow to be
full-sized men, marry a wife, and raise chil-
dren. As it is, all the employes of the Gov-
ernment in Washington are subject to be ejected
at any moment, 'lhe policy that has obtained
depraves the public officers here. The policy
that obtains throughout the country with regard
to postmasters and other officers depraves those
men, because every one is anxious and in fear
lest he may be ejected, and if the office he holds
is a valuable one there are twenty persons about
him watching to find some point of assault,
some weak pokffin his armor where they think
he may be successfully assaulted, so that the
person assaulting him may take his position.
It is the evil of our system, and it must be
corrected. It is an evil that has been growing
about us for years; and it is just as well that
men who dare say these things should say them.
I undertake to say that we must change our
whole system of appointments and the tenure
of office. If the President, exercising his
power, or one of his Secretaries exercising
power in his place, appoints a person to office,
he should hold the office as long as he con-
ducts himself well in it. Until we can arrive
at that so far as Washington is concerned,
until we can arrive at that so far as the country
generally is concerned, we shall fail in main-
taining stability—standing firmly in our place.
The greatest evil that exists in this Govern-
ment is the multitude of offices and the multi-
tude of aspirants; and it can only be corrected
by having officers properly appointed, and then
giving them atenure of goodbehavior. If when
a nomination was sent here we knew that the
office was to bo held during good behavior how
careful would every Senator be in pronouncing
whether or not he would confirm the individual,
acting as a consulting and advising tribunal!
-How careful would the President be before he
sent to the Senate the name of a man to hold
a permanent office during good behavior! As
it is now, it is a tiling of a day, and they fall
like autumnal leaves.
I repeat again what has been said by the
wisest philosopher of our own period, that the
evil of republican institutions is the multitude
of offices and the multitude of aspirants. There
is where our foundations are weak: there is
where the surge is. If I were to produce my
ideas in the form of legislation I would provide
that, like an officer of the Army or a young man
shipping in the Navy to become an officer, a
clerk in the civil Departments should be entered
properly, should go through his course of .dis-
cipline, be educated to the profession, become
a master of his profession, and then as long as
he did his duty well I would let him hold the
office. I would extend this principle through
all the ramifications of the Government.
The present condition of things may be illus-
trated by reference to a county. I will take a
county in the State of the Senator from New
Jersey. That is as far off as I know, for I be-
lieve New Jersey- was out of the union not
long since. [Laughter. J The county clerk is
elected I suppose once in three or four year®,
and he is elected by a majority. When he
comes into office it is as much as he can do to
make his own sign-manual. He knows noth-
ing of the forms of office. I take asupposable
case, one which has happened undoubtedly.
So of the sheriff of the county, and so ©f all
the officers throughout our various manipula-
tions of office in the United States.
Then consider that for every officer there are
ten aspirants and you see at once our weak-
ness. That is the evil which we must correct,
and when that shall be accomplished it will be
a greater reform than any subject of reform
which has been thrust upon us by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and a better reform for
us and for the maintenance of republican insti-
tutions. Of course I would have the people
elect the Legislature of the Federal Govern-
ment and their own home Legislatures. • The
law-making power, the judicial power, and the
executive power must have very immediate
relations with the people ; but in the common
business of administration the offices should
be continuous, so that we could have disci-
plined officers.
Go up to the Treasury Department now and
you find that not one out of ten of the employes
understands his business. Go to the Fifth
Auditor's office, and you will find only one
man in that office who knows anything about
foreign coins, and he has to deal with the
accounts of our consuls in different nations
abroad and to make computations of the cur-
rency of different nations and States. Go
about through the various Departments of the
Government and you will find the same igno-
rance prevailing. Why is it? Because we do
not train men to office.
Look at our foreign ministers. Our present
minister to Russia is an excellent gentleman,
for whom I have great respect. He may know
a little Greek and-Latin; but I do not think he
knows anything about any modern language of
the continent of Europe. I am very happy to
say that I believe our present minister at the
court of Versailles is a man who is an accom-
plished scholar. But with few exceptions those
whom we send abroad go out uninstructed and
know nothing about public law, the science
that treats of inter-state relations and the rela-
tions of government. We have not at this pres-
ent time more than three men in our service
abroad who speak the language spoken in the
country where they are ; we have not more than
three or four who ever studied public law and
who could answer a question propounded by
the pundits at St. Petersburg or at Vienna
or at Berlin or at Florence! \Vhat is the rea-
son ? It is because of the want of discipline in
office. I should like, in order to test the ques-
tion whether the majority desire to see our
Government conserved at all, to see some of
the majority bring forward a measure provid-
ing that the mass of the officers now appointed
for service, both at home and abroad, should
have their offices during good behavior. I
would advocate the extension of the term even
of the executive and legislative departments of
the Government.
This may not seem very democratic, and ,T
have always been called a Democrat, and I
think I am one; but I want to see this Govern-
ment maintained upon some steady basis, and
I think the evil of the multiplicity of offices as
exhibited in recent years demands that we sball
have continuous officers and fewer of them. Go
into any of the Departments in Washington
and you will find many of the clerks reading
