1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL CM.OBE.
Marcfe 2,
preme Court. Those persona the Supreme
Court held, I believe unanimously, should be
tried by a civil tribunal, and could not be tried
by a military tribunal on account of the act of
March 3,1863.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a question for
•the courts to decide. There is a difference of
opinion as to whether Congress could have
authorized military commissions or not. This
bill undertakes to make valid whatever mili-
tary commissions did to the same extent that
they would have been valid if a law had ex-
isted at the time authorizing them. If an act
of Congress authorizing a military commission
in the Bowles case had existed at that time,
according to this bill the action of the military
commission would have been valid. What the
courts may hereafter decide on that point I
cannot say.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. It is one thing to establish
military commissions for the future; it is
another to legalize so far as we can the action
of those which were ordered during the war. I
am willing to vote to legalize what xhas been
done.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 8 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, i'ogg, Fos-
ter, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Patterson.Pomeroy .Ramsey,Ross,Sherman,Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McDougall, Norton, and Sauls-
bury—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Fessenden,
Guthrie, Henderson, Nesmith, Poland, and Rid-
dle—8.
So the bill was passed.
tenure of office veto.
Mr. W. G. Moore, Secretary to the Presi-
dent of the United States, appeared below the
bar and delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to return to the Sen-
ate, in which House it originated, the bill (S.
No. 453) entitled "An act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices," with his objections
thereto in writing.
thanks to brazilian chambers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a message from the
President of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the reading of that
paper is commenced I appeal to the Senate,
and ask them to pass unanimously a resolu-
tion responsive to resolutions that passed the
Parliament of Brazil unanimously, expressing
condolence with us in the death of the late
President Lincoln. It has been reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to entertaining the motion of the
Se nator from Massachusetts ? The Chair hears
none.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) thank-
ing the Chambers of Senators and Deputies
of Brazil for their resolutions of sorrow and
sympathy on the death of President Lincoln,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is in these words :
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Representatives
qf the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the Congress ot the United States has received
with respect and gratitude the resolutions of sorrow
and sympathy which the Chambers of Senators and
Deputies of Brazil have adopted on the death of
President Lincoln, andhereby tenders to those Cham-
bers the thanks of the people of the United States
t,sk.c. 2. And be it further resolved Ib.nf, it shall be
the duty of the President of the United States to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions to the Emperor of
Brazil, with a request that it bo communicated to the
two Chambers.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
tenure of office veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The meg-
sage of the President of the United States will
now be read.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the message lie
on the table, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 483.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist that the message
be read in the regular order, and that we then
dispose of the question. It is of considerable
importance to the country that it should be
disposed of, and we had better do it now. I
hope the Senate will not agree to the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. Some time or other I shall
have to get the sense of the Senate upon con-
sidering some bills from the Committee on
Claims. I am just as much in favor of the
consideration of that message as any other
member of the Senate I suppose, and recognize
the importance and the necessity of its being
taken into consideration ; but I shall have to
take the sense of the Senate as to whether they
will consider these other bills or not. I have
raised the question ever since I was a young
man, and against almost every bill that has
come up since, and I have not received any
favor yet. I propose to pursue the endeavor.
Mr. PRELINGHU YSEN. I hope the Sen-
ate will permit the bills referred to by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to be taken up. The
chairman of the Committee on Claims has
been endeavoring to get them up from time to
time. Other committees have had their op-
portunity. It will take but a little while, and
then they will be out of the way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am on both these com-
mittees, and I am anxious that the chairman
of the Committee on Claims should have the
bills of which he has charge taken up ; but it
seems to me that it is of grfeat importance that
we should dispose of this veto message at this
time, so that the bill may go back to the House
and be acted on there. After the vetoes are out
of the way I think I shall be ready to support
the chairman of the Committee on Claims in
his applications against any measure that may
tlfen be brought up.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the chairman inform
me what the question is ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin is that the
message of the President of the United States
be laid on the table, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill named
by him.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the bill?
Mr. HOWE. A private claim.
The motion was not agreed to.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have carefully examined the bill to regu-
late the tenure of certain civil offices. The
material portion of the bill is contained in the
first section, and is of the effect following,
namely:
That every person holding any civil office to whioh
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office \intil asuccessor shall have
been appointed by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and duly qualified; and that
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of
the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and tho Attorney General, shall hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the President
by whom they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter, sutuect to removal by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
These provisions are qualified by a reserva-
tion in the fourth section, "that nothing con-
tained in the bill shall be construed to extend
the term of any office the duration of which is
limited by law." In effect the bill provides
that the President shall not remove from their
places any of the civil officers whose terms of
service are not limited by law without the
advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States. The bill, in this respect, conflicts, in
my judgment, with the Constitution of the
United States. The question, as Congress is
well aware, is by no means a new one. That
the power of removal is constitutionally vested
in the President of the United States is a prin-
ciple which has been not more distinctly de-
clared by judicial authority and judicial com-
mentators than it has been uniformly practiced
upon by the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government. The question arose
in the House of Representatives so early as the
16th day of Jnne, 1789, on the bill for estab-
lishing an executive department, denominated
"The Department of Foreign Affairs." The
first clause of the bill, after recapitulating the
functions of that officer and defining his duties,
had these words: "To be removable from
office by the President of the United States."
It was moved to strike out these words, and
the motion was sustained with great ability and
vigor. It was insisted that the President could
not constitutionally exercise the power of re-
moval exclusive of the Senate ; that the Fed-
eralist so interpreted the Constitution when
arguing for its adoption by the several States;
that the Constitution had nowhere given the
President power of removal, either expressly
or by strong implication; but, on the contrary,
had distinctly provided for removals from office
by impeachment only. A construction which
denied the power of removal by the President
was further maintained by arguments drawn
from the danger of the abuse of the power:
from the supposed tendency of an exposure of
public officers to capricious removal, to impair
the efficiency of the civil service ; from the
alleged injustice and hardship of displacing
incumbents, dependent upon their official sta-
tions, without sufficient consideration; from a
supposed want of responsibility on the part of
the President, and from an imagined defect of
guarantees against a vicious President, who
might incline to abuse the power.
On the other hand, an exclusive power of
removal by the President was defended as a
true exposition of the text of the Constitution.
It was maintained that there are certain causes
for which persons ought to be removed from
office without being guilty of treason, bribery,
or malfeasance, and that the nature of things
demands that it should be so. " Suppose," it
was said, "a man becomes insane by the visit-
ation of God, and is likely to ruin our affairs :
are the hands of Government to be confined
from warding off the evil? Suppose a person
in office not possessing the talents he was judged
to have at the time of the appointment, is the
error not to be corrected ; suppose he acquire
vicious habits and incurable indolence, or to-
tally neglect the duties of his office, which shall
work mischief to the public welfare, is there no
way to arrest the threatened danger ? Suppose
he become odious and unpopular by reason
of the measures he pursues, and this he may
do without committing any positive offense
against tho law, must he preserve his office in
despite of the popular will? Suppose him
grasping for his own aggrandizement and the
elevation of his connections by every means
short of the treason defined by the Constitution,
hurrying your affairs to the precipice of de-
struction, endangering your domestic tranquil-
lity, plundering you of the means of defense,
alienating the affections of your allies, and
promoting the spirit of discord, must the tardy,
tedious, desultory road, by way of impeach-
ment, be traveled to overtake the man who,
barely confining himself within the letter of the
law, is employed in drawing off the vital prin-
ciple of the Government?" The nature ofthings,
the great objects of society, the express objects
of the Constitution itself require that this thing
should be otherwise. To unite the Senate with
the President "in the exercise of the power"
it was said, "would involve us" in the most
serious difficulty. ' • Suppose a discovery of
any of these events should take place when the
Senate is not in session, how is the remedy to
be applied? The evil could be avoided in no
other way than by the Senate sitting always."
In regard to the danger of the power being
abused if exercised by one man, it was said
"that the danger is as great with respect to
