624
TH® COTORISSIOITAL GLOBE.
January 17,
newspapers during business hours, or smoking
cigars and enjoying themselves, if they happen
to be in their offices at all. We have now em-
ployed at least three times as many elerks and
other officials as could do the duty required if
they worked as I did when I was a young man
and was a clerk in a lawyer's office. The fact
is," we are not now demanding faithful services,
and this tendency to make offices that we may
fill them ourselves is the cause of it. What do
we see ? " John,- hiy boy, wtets a place here.''
It is so from the police up to the clerks of the
Secretary. ' " Then I must go and have an office
made for him," if I happen to be in the major-
ity, and go around and electioneer for him. In
thisway we have allowed ourselves to run wild,
-and we must apply a correction.
■ I have but little to say because I happen to
be one of a very humble minority not able to
affirm anything with any prospect of success,
not able to maintain the truth, because the
argument against the best truth I could advance
■would be that I had said it, and for that reason
alone it would be ignored by many though not
by all. But, sir, it is time that we should look
these things boldly inthe face; and if we do not
look them boldly in the face now we shall feel
the evil consequences of our neglect, we shall
have failed to do something that has been
chargedupon m by oar oath of office and by
our obligations to the institutions given to us
by our ancestors.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with very much
that has been said by the honorable Senator
from California [Mr. McDottgaliJ in relation
to the tenure by which the executive offices of
the Government are held. I had occasion to
look into it when examining, into the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs in British America.
I found that one of the'great .superiorities of
the - system of the* British administration of
Indian affairs grew out of the fact "that the
agents and employes of the Government con-
nected with the administration of Indian affairs
"substantially held their places for life. A per-
son would be employed at a small salary, but
-with the implied understanding that holding
the , office during good behavior, if he served
the Government faithfully twenty or twenty-
five years in this office, made it a life business,
a profession, when he became old, he should
not be thrust out impoverished to die, but should
have a small pension upon which to retire. I
attribute to a very great extent the superiority
of the administration of In'dian affairs in the
British Provinces to that fact. I have no doubt
that in all the Departments of the Government,
if all the Departments were thoroughly organ-
ized upon a system by which competent young
men should be introduced into the Departments
at a small salary to begin with, not exceeding
$600, $800, or $1,000 a year, gradually in-
creasing the amount of compensation which
they should receive in proportion to their term
of service, with the understanding that they
should hold these places during good behavior,
it would do more than all other things to im-
prove the administration of our affairs.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend to take
up the time of the Senate in the discussion of
this question. I am not prepared now to make
a speech upon it, and I have no purpose to do
so. I will simply make this remark, in refer-
ence to the change of men holding the offices
of the Government: if the Executive for politi-
cal reasons makes a change, you may say that
the power can be abused; so, too, if the Senate
for political reasons reject the confirmation,
that power can be abused also. It is a power
which can be abused by either department of
the Government, either the executive or the
Senate. We know what the history and prac-
tice of the Government has been; that as a
general thing removals are made for political
reasons, based upon political considerations,
and in the midst of political conflicts gen-
tlemen should have that regard for others to
suppose that they have just as conscientious
motives and patriotic motives to control their
conduct as they claim for themselves.
As to what was said by the Senator from
California. [Mr. Comness] a short time ago in
relation to the Philadelphia convention and
the course pursued by pertain gentlemen who
had been identified with the Republican party
during the great war through which we have
passed, I have only to say that while the Sen-
ator from California may challenge for him-
self the purest and most patriotic motives, the
motives of those gentlemen who had to do with
that movement were as high and as pure as his.
They claim that for themselves, they claim
nothing more. In relation to the questions
which Were then pending I shall not enter
into their discussion now. There will be other
occasions more appropriate for their discussion;
but when that discussion does come, I think I
shall be prepared to show and to demonstrate
to any man who will look upon the facts of
history that the eourse pursued, so far as the
policy of the Administration is concerned upon
the subjeet of reconstruction, was precisely the
policy which was adopted by President Lin-
coln, the policy which was adopted by the
convention/in 3864 which renominated him
for the Presidency, the policy which from the
beginning was the policy of the Republican
party, but from which policy they have de-
parted within the last eighteen months.
But. sir, I shall not go into the discussion of
it now. I simply rose to say that while the
Senator from California can ask for himself
and challenge for himself the considerations
which are due to just, patriotic motives on his
part, other gentlemen have a right to ask the
same consideration for the patriotism and
purity of the motives which have controlled
them in their course of action.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise for the
single purpose now of reminding my colleague
that before he commits himself absolutely and
unequivocally to the task of demonstrating, so
that any man .can see it, that the policy to
which the Philadelphia convention committed
itself and undertook to commit the country
was identical with the policy pursued by the
late President and avowed by the convention
which nominated that President, he ought to
remember that he has been endeavoring, during
the last campaign, to demonstrate that very
fact, and that about two thirds of the American
people were utterly unable to see it, and in
view of his success on that occasion I think
he ought not to undertake unequivocally to
show it hereafter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, when I
enter upon the demonstration I hope that I
shall be able to convince my colleague. I shall
read his own speech on that subject, made not
many months ago, and refer to his own votes in
favor of that same policy.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if my col-
league will only confine himself to reading my
speeches he will be able to demonstrate a good
manj' things that he never has demonstrated
yet; but he will utterly fail in the demonstra-
tion which he promises.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I c;m
only say that when the question of Arkansas
was up not very long ago my colleague made a
speech on that subject, which he has not an-
swered and which has never been answered in
this body, in which he demonstrated that the
State of Arkansas was still a State of this
Union, and that she had a right to choose
Representatives. That is the speech to which
I refer.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, I dtd
make a speech on that occasion which I never
have heard answered, and which I do not be-
lieve to-day can be answered, that under the
law as it then stood the State of Arkansas had
the right to send representatives here and a
right which ought not by the Senate to be de-
nied to her while the law stood as it did then
on our statute-book. But in that speech I did
insist that the State of Arkansas had forfeited
that right, and that the two Houses ought to
unite in declaring that forfeiture. At the very
last session of Congress they did unite in de-
claring that forfeiture.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand
that the two Houses of Congress have passed
any law declaring that these States are out of
the Union. The law stands precisely where it
stood when my colleague made the speech. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Asthe proposition on which
the Senate is about to vote was brought for-
ward by me I should like to have the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few minutes while I
answer the objections that have been made to
it. Had I succeeded in catching the eye of the
Chair at the proper time I should perhaps have
said something in reply to the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] but he has already
been answered by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Conness.-] Besides, the topics which he
introduced were, if I may so express myself,
political in their character. He did not ad-
dress himself directly to the proposition on which
you are to vote. I do not say that his remarks
were irrelevant; but obviously he seized the
occasion to make a political speech. The Sen-
ator is an excellent debator; he always speaks
to the point as he understands it; and yet his
point is apt to be political. Of course he speaks
as one having,authority with his p%rty, in which
he is an acknowledged leader. And now, sii>,
you will please to remark, he comes forward as
a leader for the President of the United States.
The Senator from Indiana, an old-school Dem-
ocrat—he will not deny the appellation—now
presents himself as the defender of the Pres-
ident. Very well. I congratulate the Pres-
dent upon so able a defender. Before this
great controversy is closed the President will
need all the ability, all the experience, all the
admirable powers of debate which belong to
the distinguished Senator.
As I propose to call the attention of the
Senate precisely to the question before us, I
shall begin by asking the Secretary at the desk
to read the amendments which I have offered.
The Secretary read the pending amendment,
which was to insert as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That all officers or agents,
except clerks of Departments, now appointed by the
President or by the head of any Department, whoso
salary or compensation, derived from fees or other-
wise. exeeeds #1,000 annually, shall bo nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate; and the term o'f all sucli
officers or agents who have been appointed since the
1st day of July, 1868, eith er by the President or by the
head of a Department, without the advico and eon-
sent of tlie Senate, shall expire on the last day of
February, 1S67.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I do
not wish to be diverted from that plain propo-
sition into any general discussion of a merely
political character. I ask your attention to the
simple question on which you are to vote.
And here I meet the objections which have
been brought against my amendment, so far as
I have been able to comprehend them. They
have chiefly found a voice, unless I am much
mistaken in the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden*,] who is as earnest as he is unques-
tionably able. The Senator began with a
warning, and his beginning gave a tone to all
that he said. He warned us not to forget the
lessons of the past; and he warned us also not
to fall under the influence of any animosity.
When he warned us not to forget the lessons
of the past such was his earnestness that he
seemed to me fresh from the study of Confu-
cius. No learned Chinese, anxious that there
should be no departure from the ancient ways
and filled with devotion for distant progenitors,
could have enjoined that duty more reverently.
We were to follow what had been clone in the
past. Now, sir, I have a proper deference for
the past; I recognize its lessons and seek to
comprehend them; but I am not a Chinese to
be swathed by any traditions. I break all
bonds and wrappers when the occasion requires.
I trust that the Senator from Maine will do so
likewise. The occasion now is imperative, so
that his lesson is entirely inapplicable. It is
well to regard the Past, and study its teach-
ings. It is well also to regard the Future, and
seek to provide for its necessities. This is
plain enough.
