1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
tion to take from the public lands adjacent to the
line of said road material for the construction thereof.
Said way is granted to said railroad to the extent of
one hundred feet in width on each side of said road
where.it may pass through the public domain; also,
all necessary ground for station buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations. .
_ .Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That there be, and
is hereby, granted to the Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, subject to the conditions heretofore recited, its
successors and assigns, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of said railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure the safe and speedy transportation of
the mails, troops, munitions of war, and publicstores
over the route of said line of railway, every alter-
nate section of public land, not mineral> designated
by odd numbers, to the amount of ten alternate sec-
tions per mile on each side of said railroad line,
whenever on the line thereof the United States have
a full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise
appropriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights at the time the line of said road is
definitely fixed and a plot thereof filed in the office
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office; and
whenever, prior to said time, any of said sections or
parts of sections shall have been granted, sold, re-
served, or covered by private land grants, or occupied
by homestead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands shall be selected by said
company in lieu thereof, on the line of said road
within thirty miles of the same, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sec-
tions, and designated by odd numbers: Provided,
That the word mineral, when it occurs in this act,
shall not be held to include iron or coal.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whenever
said Pacific Coast Railroad Company shall have ten
consecutive miles of any portion of said railroad and
telegraph line ready for the service contemplated,
the Presidentof the United Statesshall appointthree
commissioners, whose compensation shall be paid by
said company, to examu:'"1 the same, and if it shall
appear that tenmilesof said road and telegraph line
have been completed in agood and substantial man-
ner, and in all respects as required by this act, the
commissioners shall so reportto the Secretary of the
Interior, and patents of lands, as aforesaid, shall be
issued to said company, confirming to said company
the right and title to said lands, situated opposite to
and conterminous with saidcompleted section of said
road, unless said lands are covered by the exceptions
and reservations of this act, upon the final comple-
tion of said road and telegraph. And from time to
time, whenever ten additional miles shall have been
constructed, completed, and in readiness as aforesaid,
and verified by the commissioners to the President
of the United States, then patents shall be issued to
said company, conveying the additional sections of
land as aforesaid: and so on as fast as every ten
miles of said roa,d is completed as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said Pacific
Coast railroad shall be constructed in a substantial
and workmanlike manner, with all the necessary
draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, turn-
outs, stations, and watering-places, and all other
appurtenances, including furniture and rolling stock,
equal in all respects to railroads of the first class,
when prepared for business, witht rails of the best
quality, manufactured from American iron. And a
uniform gauge shall be established the entire length
of the road ; and there shall be constructed a tele-
graph line, of the most substantial and approved
description, to be operated on the entire route: Pro-
vided, That said company shall not charge higher
rates to the Government of the United States or their
authorized officers or agents than they do individuals
for like telegraphic service. And the said railroad
shall be and remain a public highway for the use of
the Government of the United States free of all toll
or otherehargesupon the transportation of any prop-
erty or troops of the United States, and the same shall
be transported over said road at the cost charge and
expense of the corporation or company owning or
operating the same when so required by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall cause the lands to be sur-
veyed for twenty miles in width on both sides of the
entire line of said road, after the general route shall
be fixed, and as fast as may be required by the con-
struction of said railroad; and the odd sections of
land hereby granted shall not be liable to sale or
entry or preemption after said line is Iocatcd, except
by said company, as provided in this act; and the
reserved alternate sections shall not be sold by the
Government at a price less than $2 50 per acre when
offered for sale, , , m, ,
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made
and given to and accepted by said Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company upon andsubject to the following con-
ditions, namely: that the said company shall, within
two years from the approval of this act, survey; said
route and file with the Secretary of the Interior a
plot showing the location of the road from the waters
of the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay; and.
that the said company shall commence the work on
said road within two years from the approval of this
act by the President, and shall, within three years,
complete not less than ten miles and not less than
ten miles each succeeding year, and shall construct,
equip, furnish, and complete the whole road by the
4th day of July, A. 1). 187(3: Provided, That the con-
struction of any thirty miles within three years shall
be construed to conform to the above condition.
Sec, 8. And be it further enacted. That the United
States make the several conditional grants herein,
and that the said Pacific Coast Railioad Company
accept the same, upon the further condition that if
the^aid company make any breach of the conditions
thereof, and allow the same to continue for upward
of one year, then in such case the granthereby made
and all rights ana franchises created by this act shall
vest m the State of California and be disposed of by
the Legislature of the said State to such company or
association as it designate, and upon sych terms
and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, as may, in the judgment of the said Legis-
lature. insure the speedy qonstruction of said road.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all the peo-
ple of the United States shall have the right to sub-
scribe to the stock of the Pacific Coast Railroad
Company until the whole capital is taken up, by
complying with the terms of subscription.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Pacific Coast Railroad Company shall
be signified in writing, under the corporate seal of
the said company, duly executed pursuant to the
direction, of its board of directors first had and ob-
tained, which acceptance shall be made within ono
year after the passage of this act and not afterward,
and shall be deposited in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the said
company is authorized to accept to its own use any
grant, donation or loan, power, franchise, aid or as-
sistance which may be granted to or conferred upon
said company by the Congress of the United States,
by the Legislature of any State, county, or muni-
cipal corporation, or by any corporation, person, or
persons, and said corporation is authorized to hold
and enjoy any such grant, donation, loan or power,
franchise, aid or assistance to its own use for the
purpose aforesaid. <
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That unless the
Pacific Coast Railroad Company snail obtain bona
fide subscriptions to the stock of said company to the
amount of $400,000, with ten per cent, paid within
two years after the passage and approval of this act,
it shall be null and void.
Sec 13. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time, having duo regard for the rights of
said Pacific Coast Railroad Company, odd* to, alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Sec. 14. And be it fixrtht r enacted, That lots in vil-
lages, towns, and cities shall not be subject to the
provisions of this act.
Mr. McRUER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
in regard to this bill that it came from the
Senate to this House March 1, 18G6, and was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
That committee at the last session of Congress
had it under consideration for several months.
The bill has been amended in many particu-
lars but the amendments are all of a restrictive
character. This road is about two hundred
and forty miles in length, extending from the
bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay, along
the coast line of California. Along that whole
distance, except within a few miles, there is
not a navigable river or any means of trans-
porting anything which this land is capable of
producing to any market. This road for about
sixty or seventy miles goes through a rich and
fertile valley in which there is not within the
limitation of this grant one single acre of pub-
lic land. The company are compelled to con-
struct this 
Mr. WARD, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from California whether the first section
of this bill does not givethe commissioners
named the power of creating corporations in
California? If that be so, I would like the
gentleman to tell me what authority this Con-
gress has to confer any such power?
Mr. McRUER. This bill makes a grant of
land to a corporation created under the general
corporation law of the State of California, and
I will tell the gentleman that this is no new
thing.
This road, Mr. Speaker, for about one hun-
dred and seventy-five miles, runs through an
unsettled country, and it is unsettled because
the people up to this time have been without
facilities for the purpose of carrying anything
to market. The land has not been worth any-
thing, and although in some parts there is a
rich growth of timber, it never will be worth
settlement until there are some artificial means
of communication with the markets.
If there has been any propriety in granting
lands to aid in the construction of railroads
anywhere, if there has been any propriety in
making these grants to Illinois, to Iowa, to
Missouri, or Kansas 
The SPEAKER. The hour of half .past
four having arrived the House by order takes
a recess until half past seven o'clock this even-
ing, and this bill goes over till Monday next,
after the morning hour.
EVENING SESSIOK.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate of
the United States, by Mr. Forney, its Secre-
tary, notifying the House that that body in-
sisted upon its amendment to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to Senate
joint resolution No. 00, to suspend temporarily
the collection of the direct tax within the State
of West Virginia, striking out the sixth section
of the amendment of the House, disagreed to
by the House, agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Van Winkle, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Davis con-
ferees on its part.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
upon its amendment to House bill No. 356,
fixing the compensation for the bailiffs and
Criers of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia, disagreed to by the House, agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Morrill, Mr. Conness,
and Mr. Patterson conferees on its part.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Under the order of the House made this
morning the House, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ben-
jamin in the chair,) proceeded to the consid-
eration of the President's annual message, Mr.
Mercur being entitled to the floor.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Chairman, motion is
said to be a natural condition of all matter.
Progress appears to be a law of the world's
nature. Much of its past civil progress has
been through bloody revolutions. It seems to
require a violent upheaving of society to en-
able it to break loose from the errors or oppres-
sions which encircle it. Our generation arid
our own people have lately given a striking
illustration. During the four years of bloody
struggle through which we have just passed
more was done toward securing the true prin-
ciples of democracy than had been done in
the half century which preceded it. A revo-
lution of sentiment ends not with the* laying
down of hostile arms. It was a preexisting
sentiment, hostile to our Government and its
institutions, which put arms into the rebels'
hands. That evoked a counter opposition.
The loyal masses were not content to oppose
an equal force only, so that each belligerent
should occupy his former ground at the end of
the war; each sought to advance. The mighty
strength of true democracy has been stirred to
its very foundation. We are passing through
a great revolution; we have not yet reached
the end. True, the millions of Union soldiers
are no longer in arms, but have returned to
their peaceful avocations ; yet still the conflict
goes on. The antagonism of minds believing
in different forms of government still exists.
The old leaven which caused the masses of the
South to rise up in rebellion has not_ been
eradicated. Each day's journal gives evidence
of outrages as barbarous as those which pre-
ceded the open conflict in arms. As war
against our institutions existed before the firing
upon Port Sumter, so it has existed since the
surrender of the rebel armies.
Nor is it confined within the limits of that
portion of our country which was in open
rebellion. The men of the North who sympa-
thized and fraternized with the rebels while
they were in arms now seek to excuse them
and embrace them as brothers guilty of no
crime. These men during the war saw noth-
ing on the part of our Government but " execu-
tive usurpations" and "constitutional viola-
tions." They wanted the war so conducted
on our part as not to destroy the rebel armies
nor wound their fine sensibilities. In truth,
they did so far influence the action of our Gov-
ernment that the war for some year and a halt
was so conducted as to do the rebels the least
