526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
If I am accused of treason or treachery or
being an enemy of my country, I being here
it is assumed that at least I have a chance to
defend myself; but the absent may have no
defenders.
Mr- EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion t
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a very important
question, and I am-rather inclined to agree in
opinion with the Senator from California; that
the words spoken, exceeded the proper limit
of debate, but I am not certain about it. I
suggest the propriety of this question of order
being adjourned until to-morrow, and that we
proceed with the consideration of the bill, so
that we may have time to look into the prece-
dents.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to have
the question determined by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this question of order
until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. That cannot be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
cannot be withdrawn except by the unanimous
consent of the Senate, the yeas and nays having
been ordered upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The question of the
appeal may be postponed, and the debate may
go on on the bill. ^
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion was, the
Senator from California yielding the floor for
that purpose, to adjourn this question of order
until to-morrow and to proceed with the bill.
That motion I believe to be perfectly in order.
. Mr. GRIMES. I hope that will not be done.
I think it is due to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that this question should be settled.
He is charged with having given utterance to a
sentiment here which the reporter's notes do
not bear out. The appeal should be changed
by the Senator from "California so as to cor-
respond with the official report, and then let
us settle this question and let the Senator
go on.
Mr. JOHNSON. What are the words ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wrote them as I
heard them.
Mr. GRIMES. The words used by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts were, we have never
had a President of the United States who was
an enemy of his country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. "Untilthis."
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. The words attrib-
uted to him by the Senator from California
were, "We have never before had a President
of the United States who was an enemy of his
country," making a very material difference.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you speak now from
the report?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, from the report by
the reporter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to make an inquiry of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I put down his
language as I heard him deliver it. I wish to
ask him whether he denies the affirmation?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not quoted
my language correctly. Of course he has not
quoted it correctly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well. I designed
quoting it correctly, and I have a very bad pair
of ears and a very short memory if I have not
done it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The decorum which the
Senator from Massachusetts almost always ob-
serves, and which is so necessary to the success
of our own deliberations and the character of
the body, satisfies me that he could not have in-
tended to apply the remark, whatever he may
think, in the sense in which it was understood
by the Senator from California. I do not
know that my friend from Massachusetts has
before him, as he sometimes has, in writing
what he stated to the Senate; but if he has not,
my own experience, aad what I am sure will
be admitted to be the experience ef every
member of the body is, that our reporters are
accurate to a letter. I have no doubt, there-
fore, that if my friend from Iowa is correct in
saying what the reporters have stated to have
been the remark it is not out of order. It
does notimply that the incumbent of the presi-
dential office is or has been an enemy to his
country. It is 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me a moment 
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire whether
this debate is in order. I made a motion to
lay the appeal on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not hear it either.
I think if the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan will permit me to go on I shall not say
anything that he will find fault with. There
is nothing 
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from
Maryland will allow me one moment. Upon
the statement of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, if he will a'ffirm that the language ex-
pressed by him is that just stated I will with-
draw the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well; then I have
nothing further to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As some question has
arisen 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the withdrawal of the ap-
peal?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object until I make
my statement. I say some question has arisen
as to the precise language which was used by
the Senator from Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. I will read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Sen-
ator proposes to read his precise language, so
that there will be no doubt as to what were the
precise words which were used by him, and then
of course we shall be better prepared to judge
whether they are in or out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have withdrawn the
Mr. HOWARD. If the appeal is withdrawn,
of course the Senator from Massachusetts will
proceed with his remarks.
Mr." SUMNER. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there is no objection to the with-
drawal of the appeal. It is withdrawn. The
Senator from Massachusetts is recognized as
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. When I was interrupted in
the extraordinary way. which the Senate has
witnessed a few moments ago, I was trying to
present reasons in favor of the proposition on
which we are to vote, and I had insisted as
strongly as I could that the special duty of the
hour was protection to loyal and patriotic
citizens against the President of the United
States ; and in that connection I undertook to
reply to something that fell from the Senator
from Maine, who does not enter into this con-
sideration ; who spems, if I may judge from
his argument, to feel that there is no occasion
for any special safeguards at this hour; and
while presenting that view I used language
which, according to the short-hand reporter,
was as follows. He has kindly written it out
and sent it to me. I read it from his notes:
" There, sir, is the duty of the hour. Thore -was no
such duty on our fathers; there was no such duty on
our recent predecessors, because there was no Presi-
dent of the United States who had become the enemy
of his tountry."
Such were the words which I used when sud-
denly interrupted. By those words, sir, I stand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I raise a questi6; of
order, whether these words are in order, as
stated by the Senator?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has already decided a similar point of order.
The Chair will submit this question to the
Senate.
Several Senators. Oh, no; decide it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very weil; let it be
submitted to the Senate, and let the sense of
the Senate be taken as to whether these words
are in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair the words referred to do not
exceed the latitude of debate that has been
usual -here. That has already been decided
on these precise words. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Chair
to state that he would take the sense of the
Senate on the question, and on the question
of submitting it to the Senate I desire to make
a single observation.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order.
I insist upon proceeding in order unless there
is some further motion pending before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin rose to a point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; he has been
overruled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
proposed to submit the point to the decision
of the Senate; but several Senators calling
upon the Chair to decide the point of order,
the Chair decided that the words referred to
were not out of order. Does the Senator from
Wisconsin appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, as this
precise question is one of very great import-
ance, inasmuch as discussions are continually
arising and observations are being made in
relation to the executive department of the
Government, I think it should be passed upon
dispassionately and considerately, and in order
to give us an opportunity to do so I move that
the Senate do now adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
The question being put; there were on a
division—ayes 9, noes 24.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I move to lay the appeal from
the decision of the Chair upon the table, and
on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from-Wisconsin has the floor, and the Senator
from Indiana cannot take the floor from him
to make the motion without his consent.
Mr. LANE. I supposed the Senator was
through.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin must have yielded the floor because the
question has been put to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. He lost the floor by allow-
ing another motion to intervene.
The ^PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The Chair
was in error. The motion of the Senator from
Indiana is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the question of
moving to lay on the table an appeal on a
question of order, I submit whether the Sen-
ator from Indiana is in order in moving to lay
the appeal on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Indiana is in order in the
judgment of the Chair.
Mr. LANE. It is the only possible and
proper motion to sui.t such a case as this, in
my opinion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a motion which
is made in reference to a great many things.
Mr. SUMNER. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to a question of
order, whether a motion to lay the appeal on
the table is in order?
Mr. FESSENDEN, The Chair has over-
ruled that point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand
the Chair to have made any announcement on
the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the judg-
ment of the Chair the motion is in order. The
