1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
possible injury. This was manifested, in part,
by a refusal to use the brawny arm of' the col-
ored man, and by the sedulous care with which
the property of the rebel citizen was protected.
As during the conflict of arms every effect-
ive effort toward putting down the rebellion
was denounced as a violation of the Constitu-
tion, so now every effort toward securing the
just fruits of our victories is in like manner
denounced by the, same class of men. With
them the Constitution is to be most liberally
construed when invoked to screen rebels ;■ but
when loyalty and liberty seek protection then
it is to receive a strict construction. They
would have the rebels restored to all their
former relations under the Constitution as if
they had been guilty of no crime nor forfeited
any rights.
On the contrary, *T hold that they have been
guilty of the highest crimes and forfeited many
of their rights under the Constitution; not only
their rights as individuals, but their rights as
organizedcommunities. In the incipientstages
of the rebellion as well as during its bloody prog-
ress they did not act as individuals only, but as
States. In fact, they called into exerciso and
used all the legislative, executive, and judicial
powers of their several States. Acting • as
States they, so far as they could, withdrew
from the Union ; as States they changed their
laws and constitutions; as States they confed-
erated together and formed a now constitution,
a new national union; as States they elected
members of Congress and Senators to that
new confederate government; acting through
that government thus formed they levied taxes,
made loans, conscripted men, raised large ar-
mies, and for four years waged a bloody war
against the Constitution and Government of the
li nitcd States.
Hut, say their hair-splitting apologists, tliey
did all this contrary to law; our Constitution
and laws forbade it. Their acts had no bind-
ing force, hence we must treat all those acts
and deeds as if they had never been committed.
Grant that they were all contrary to law;
grant that our Constitution and laws expressly
forbade them, aud that they wore of 110 bind-
ing force as against us; yet it by 110 means
follows that we must treat the wrong-doers as
if thoy had committed 110 crimes. A man has
no right to steal your horse; tho laws forbid
it ; yet, in fact, notwithstanding his absence of
right, the prohibition of law aud tho penal-
ties provided against it, ho may steal it. By
so doing he acquires 110 legal right to the
horse, ifou may reclaim it wherever found
and again reduce it to your possession. But
that does not wipe out the thief's olfense. lie
still remains amem'.ble to tho law, liable to all
its penalties; none the less a felon. As a
thiol' is subject to tho punishment inflicted
upon those guilty of larceny, so is the rebel
who levied war against our Government sub-
ject. to the punishment inflicted for treason.
No one, hovvevoi-j now proposes to inflict
upon the masses of those who are guilty of
treason the high punishment prescribed bylaw,
it is one thing to inflict positive punishment
upon a rebel; it is quite another thing not to
give him a representation in Congress which
he voluntarily relinquished and spurned. The
one calls into exercise the active vindication
ot law, tho other merely withholds that which
he has abandoned and taken an oath not to
enjoy under our Government. 1 desire, how-
ever, to have it distinctly understood that I am
opposed to a universal amnesty. In my judg-
ment some few at least of the prime movers
and controlling spirits of the rebellion ought to
bo tried for their treason, ought to be con-
victed, and ought to be punished. Thus trea-
son should be made odious. A loyal national
sentiment pleads for it; the best interests of
humanity require it; justice demands it.
This, however, lies with the executive and
judicial branches of tho Government to en-
force. The laws heretofore enacted by Congress
have fully provided a way for the trial and pun-
ishment of all such offenders. There the duties
of Congress cease. Where they cease the
duties and powers of the Executive begin. The
President, says the Constitution, "shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed."
Upon him, then, acting through his executive
officers, Is imposed the obligation of bringing
offenders to toial and enforcing the sentences
of the courts against them.
We, however, now have another duty to per-
form. It is to provide the manner in which
the people residing in those portions of the
country lately in rebellion shall have a restored
representation in Congress. Those formerly
in authority there voluntarily relinquished that
representation. For several years they per-
sisted in depriving themselves of it. They
formed new political relations wholly inconsist-
ent with its exercise; they enacted new gov-
ernments in direct hostility to ours; they
wholly repudiated and set at defiance our Con-
stitution and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof. It is with that whole people we now
have to deal; not so much with the territory
which they occupy, as with the inhabitants who
dwell thereupon.
Our brave soldiers and seamen did their duty
in the bloody conflicts of battle ; we must now
do ours. The military power of the Govern-
ment subdued the rebels in arms; Congress
must now provide for their restoration to a
new-born civil lifo; not in any vindictive spirit,
but " with charity toward all, and with malice
toward none," ought we to prpvide for a res-
toration. Wo must not, however, so far extend
our charity to those who sought to destroy our
Government and dismember the fair propor-
tions of our country as to forget the wants or
overlook the rights ot' loyal men. Nor must wc
forget those living principles of man's equality
which underlie this Government, and which
have boon reaflirmod in tho crucible through
which wo have just passed.
Article four, scction four, of the Constitution
declares—
" Tho United States shall guaranty to every Ptato
in this Union aropublican l'orm of government."
This clause of tho Constitution has received
judicial construction showing that the power
therein given is lodged in Congress.
The difficulties in regard to the " Dorr gov-
ernment" in Rhode Island in 1841 and 1842
gave rise to the case of Luther vs. Borden,
which was argued in tho Supreme Court of the
United States, and is reported in 7 Howard's
United States Reports, page 1. The section
which 1 have just cited came under considera-
tion. In the opinion of the court, delivered by
Chief Justice 'laney, he says:
"Under this articloof tho Constitution it rests with
Congress to decitlo what government is tho estab-
lished ono in a State. For, as tho United Statos
guaranty to ovcryState a republican form of govern-
ment. Congress must necessarily doeido what govern-
ment is established in a State before i Lean determine
whether it is republican or not. And when tho Sen-
ators and Representatives of a Stato aro admitted
into tiie councils of tho Union, tho authority of tho
government under which they aro appointed, as woll
as its republican charaetcr, is recognized by tho
propgr constitutional authority, and its decision ia
binding upon overy otlior department of tho Gov-
ernment."
Then, if Congress is to decide " what govern-
ment is established in a State," and if Congress
is to secure " to every Stato a republican l'orm
of government;" if Congress, by the admission
of Senators and Representatives, recognizes
the 11 character" of a State; and if the "de-
cision" of Congress in all these respects "is
binding upon overy other department of the
Government," it necessarily follows that all
power given to the Government is vested in
Congress.
The constitutional powers of Congress over
those districts lately in rebellion have been so
fully and ably argued by others upon this floor
that I shall not weary you, nor surfeit the
country, with any extended argument upon that
point. I shall consider the power of Congress
to impose terms upon those people who sought
to destroy our Government as established—
established not only to the satisfaction of a
large majority of the members of this body,
but also to the satisfaction of the people whom
they represent.
The Opposition party is persistent in assert-
ing that during, or in consequence of, the rebel-
lion the people of the South lost none of their
constitutional'rights, and that by the cessation
of arms they were immediately restored to all
those rights which they had prior to tho war.
Its members in this House and elsewhere
appear to have forgotten that new principles
were evolved during the war, that some of
them culminated in t;he enunciation and adop-
tion of those constitutional amendments which
abolished slavery. In all their labored argu-
ments they ignore that radical change in the
nation's fundamental law. Industrious in tKeir
labors of exhuming the resolutions of 1798, and
adroit in reciting the doctrines of Calhoun
based upon, them, they seem oblivious to the
amended charter of freedom and the rights
flowing therefrom:
"Art. 13. Sec. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within tho United States or any place subject to their
jurisdiction.
"Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
There stands that bright token of liberty, the
glory of this generation, and the pride of the
Republican party who made it a part of tho
organic law. As time shall roll into the dis-
tant ages of tho future, an American citizen will
point to it with the same pride that an Eng-
lishman now does to the Great Charter which
the barons wrung from King John at Runny-
medo.
By its adoption slavery was legally as fully
wiped out, eradicated, and destroyed as if it
had never existed as a blight upon our institu-
tions. I have said such was its legal effect,
but the framers of this constitutional amend-
ment well knew that slavery was so interwoven
with the laws and customs of the States in
which it had existed that the mere declaration
that it should 110 longer exist, although a con-
stitutional declaration, would not of itself give
to those heretofore enslaved the just and fair
protection which its letter and spirit affirmed.
They knew that tho several States, in which it
had existed, could not be relied upon to secure
the reasonable and just incidents of freedom.
Hence the second section gave " Congress the
power to enforce this" amendment, according
to its true intent and spirit, "by appropriate
legislation."
Here, then, is a new constitutional power
which Congress has acquired since the rebel-
lion, and which wo are now called upon to
exorcise.
I submit now, that what might be adjudged
a republican form of government under one
constitution, might under another be far from
it. In other words, in construing our Consti-
tution, regard must be had to the character
and spirit of the whole instrument. Nor should
tho expositor bo confined to an examination
of tho instrument itself alone, but he must look
beyond it. He must consider the genius, ruling
ideas, progress, and existing sentiments of the
great masses of the people governed by it. The
Constitution is not to receive that technical
construction or interpretation which a learned
lawyer gives to a statute or to a common law
instrument; but it is to receive such a fair,
just, and natural interpretation as will carry
out the great principles of the Government,
and secure and protect the rights of the masses
for whose benefit it was made.
The Constitution of the United States is the
people's fundamental law. In the suppression
of the rebellion; in the abolition of slavery;
and in the recent elections, they have given it
form and construction, which not only legisla-
tors, but Presidents and judges will do well to
notice and to heed.
_ As long as our. national Constitution recog-
nized slavery. Congress could with 110 justice
or sound logic affirm that any State govern-
ment was not "republican inform" because
it denied a large class, which it held in bond-
