1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:*
March 2,
tions of self-government when once happily
established. I know no other way in which
they can be preserved and maintained except
by a constant adherence to them through the
various vicissitudes of national existence, with
such adaptations as may become necessary,
always to be effected, however, through the
agencies and in the forms prescribed in the
original constitutions themselves. Whenever
administration fails or seems to fail in securing
any of the great ends for which republican
government is established, the proper course
seems to be to renew the original spirit and
forms of the Constitution itself.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
washington, March 2, 1867.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
returned by the President is, by the provision
of the Constitution, now reconsidered, and the
question before the Senate is, Shall the bill
pass, the objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris. Henderson,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner. Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Hendricks, Johnson, Nesmitb, Norton,
Patterson, and Saulsbury—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Guthrie,
Howe, McDougall, and Riddle—6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senators present having voted for the
passage of the bill, the bill is passed notwith-
standing the objections of the President.
On motion by Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the message of tho President of the
United States returning the bill (S. No. 453) regulat-
ing the tenure of certain civil offices to the Senate
with his objections be printed.
recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that at five o'clock
to-day the Senate take a recess till half past
seven p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
john sedgewick.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 300, which I reported this morn-
ins from the Committee on Finanee.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 300) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to audit and settle
the accounts of John Sedgewick, collector of
internal revenue for the third collection district
of California, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is an authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to audit and settle the
accounts of John Sedgewick, collector of in-
ternal revenue for the third collection district
of California, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1864, as to him may appear just and equi-
table.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the difficulty in
the settlement of these accounts ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have before me a
letter from Mr. Rollins, the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, who says legislation on this
subject is necessary, and he explains the
grounds of action and the nature of the case.
The expenses there have exceeded the amount
fixed by law, and it is necessary to legislate to
enable the expenses to be paid above that sum.
Mr. CONNESS; I hope the Senator will
send that short letter up to the desk, that the
Secretary may read it, and then Senators will
understand the case.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If it is desired by
any Senator the letter can be read; but I
understand there is no objection to the reso-
lution.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is no otgection,
very well.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
resolution. I only have this to say, that it is
a phraseology which has never been recognized
until recently to allowa Secretary to settle any
claim upon such terms of justice and equity as
he may deem proper. It may be all right in
this individual instance; and as it came from
the Committee on Finance, I suppose we may
j accept it as authoritative, and as to be the
settled practice in the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree entirely with
the Senator from Iowa that this is a new species
of legislation. We have always put some limit
on the discretion of the heads of Departments
by declaring that the allowance should not
exceed a certain sum, or that it should not
exceed the amount allowed by law, or some-
thing of that kind. This case may be a very
meritorious one, and the party may be entitled
to relief; but I think I have never known a
bill to pass that left it entirely to the discretion
of any of the Departments to do what they
pleased without any limit.
Mr. CONNESS. It has been done again
and again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought not to be done.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Senator from
Illinois is not exactly aware of how this mat-
ter stands. I stated that I had before me a
letter from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue suggesting that legislation on this
subject was necessary, and mentioning the
facts of the case. I offered to send the letter
to the table to be read if any Senator desired
to hearit; but it was not desired, and I there-
fore did not consume time by asking for its
reading. I can still send the letter to the table
if any Senator desires it: butthere is no doubt
that the case is one where relief is proper.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
murder op union soldiers.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
of the 23d of February, to print five thousand
extra copies of the report of the select Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives to In-
vestigate the Murder of certain Union Soldiers
in the South, reported it without amendment;
and the resolution was agreed to.
patent office report.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the letter of
the Commissioner of Patents, communicating
his annual report for the year 1806, reported
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of the
Senate four thousand copies of the annual report of
the Commissioner of tho Patent Oflico for the year
1866.
state constitutions.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
of the,13th of December last, for the publica-
tion of a volume containing colonial charters
and the several State constitutions of each of
the United States, reported it with amend-
ments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution, and the amendments reported by the
committee were agreed to, so as to make the
resolution read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing cause to
be prepared for publication a volume containing the
colonial charters and the various State constitutions
of each State of the United States, together with all
amendments thereto at any time in force, arranging
the same in chronological order for each State, with
suitable indexes; and that it bo printed for the use
of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the chairman what is the necessity of printing
this book ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution was intro-
duced by the Senator from Wisconsin ; and on
consulting a number of Senators I found that
there was a strong desire to have it. The cost
will be about six hundred dollars. If there is
any particular objection to it I shall not press it.
Mr. GRIMES. Are we to publish colonial
history ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; it is a compilation
of the constitutions of all the States, with, the
changes made. It was thought very desirable
to. have it for some purposes with regard to
reconstruction.
Mr. GRIMES. We shall run immediately
into competition with some of the book pub-
lishers ; for I have a copy of a book containing
the constitutions of all the States that is not
furnished to me by the Government, and any-
body can get it by paying $1 50 for the volume.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
message from the house.
The following message was received from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McPher-
son, its Clerk:
Mr. President, the President of the Uni-
ted States having returned to the House of
Representatives, in which it originated, the
bill (H. R. No. 1143) entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," with his objections thereto, the
House proceeded in conformity with the Con-
stitution to reconsider the said bill, and has—
Resolved, That it do pass, two thirds of the House
of Representatives agreeing to pass the same, tho
objections of the President to tho contrary notwith-
standing.
The House of Representatives has passed a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) for the relief
of soldiers who are entitled to artificial limbs,
in which it requests the concurrence of the
Senate. It has agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
(H. R. No. 1126) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 276) to establish a Department of
Education; and it was signed by the President
■pro tempore.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At five o'clock the doors were
reopened, and the Senate took a recess till half
past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven,
o'clock p., m.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) for the
relief of soldiers who are entitled to artificial
limbs was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
~w. w. potter.
_ Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 1095.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1095) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay a certain draft to W. W. Pot-
ter, late acting military agent of the State of
New York, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be paid to W.
W. Potter, late acting military agent of the
State of New York, the sum of $200 in lieu of
draft No. 7828 on war warrant No. 98G1, dated
September 29, 1866, payable to the order of
Andrew Smith, for the sum of $200, he having
paid to Smith the said sum of $200 therefor.
The Committee on Claims proposed to amend
the bill by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That before payment of said warrant the
said W. W. Potter shall execute abond ofindemmty
to the United States with sufficient sureties against
the claim of the payee in said warrant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the veto mes-
sage of the reconstruction bill, or the bill
