1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Chair is not aware of any exceptions to this
motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will appeal, then,
from that decision
Mr. LANE. You cannot pile up two ap-
peals, one upon the other. The first question
of order must be decided, and then an appeal
may arise; but you cannot pile up one appeal
on another. If so, the process will be-inter-
minable and we shall reach no result.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call the honorable
Senator from Indiana to order. I had the floor
on an appeal from the decision of the Chair, and
having the floor I did not yield to the Senator
from Indiana for any such purpose. Now, I
insist that where an appeal is taken from a
decision of the Chair on a question of order,
and the question of order is thus brought be-
fore the Senate, if a motion to lay the appeal
on the table can be entertained, it is utterly
impossible to get the judgmentof the Senate
upon the question of order; it is disposed of,
of necessity, without debate ; whereas an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair is always
a matter for discussion, so that the Senate can
pass considerately upon the question of order ;
and questions of order are sometimes the most
important questions which can be submitted to
the Senate. The objection which is made that
I am piling appeal upon appeal 
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that all that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is now interjecting into this debate is out
of order. There is a motion of the Senator
from Indiana to lay the appeal on the table.
You cannot pile another appeal upon the first
appeal. The vote must be taken.
Mr. COWAN. The motion of the Senator
from Indiana to lay the appeal on the table is
not an appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. But there is an appeal,
which he^moves to lay on the table.
Mr. COWAN. I so understand it; but that
is not an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
I understand the Chair to decide that the mo-
tion of tITe Senator from Indiana is in order.
Then there is only one appeal. My honorable
friend from Wisconsin has a right to his appeal,
and that is the only oue.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the judg-
ment of the Chair the Senator from Wisconsin
is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was saying that I do
not see how it is possible on a question of
order to obtain the judgment of the Senate
upon a consideration if a Senator can rise and
at once move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the very purpose,
because the Senate is not prepared to express
any judgment; to lay it over or lay it on the
table for consideration at another day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But what is to be done
with.the Senator when, under the rule of the
Senate, if he be not in order he cannot pro-
ceed at all? How are we to dispose of him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the sake of testing
this matter I desire to appeal from the last
decision of the Chair, that the Senator from
Wisconsin was in order. That will make only
three appeals pending at the same time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ There is
only one question of appeal pending. There
is a motion of the Senator from Indiana to lay
an appeal on the table. The Chair decides
that that motion of the Senator from Indiana
is in order. From that decision the Senator
from Wisconsin appeals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then the question
is raised by the Senator from Massachusetts
whether the Senator from Wisconsin is in order.
The Chair decides that he is. From that de-
cision I appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks he is in order.
Mr. WADE. And I move to lay this last
appeal on the table. [Laughter.] I want to
see how we shall come out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
of the Senator from Maine is an appeal over
an appeal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mine was the third.
There were twoprevious appeals.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The same objection
which was made to the motion of the Senator
from Indiana applies to the motion of the
Senator from Ohio. If an appeal can be laid
upon the table and the question of order dis-
posed of in that way, and without debate, it is
impossible to get the judgment of the Senate
upon the question; whereas we know that ques-
tions upon appeals are always open to debate
in order that the judgment of the Senate may
be had. I simply desire that the judgment of
the Senate shall be pronounced upon this ques-
tion as to whether the use of such words is
allowable. Suppose we were to speak of the
Congress or the House of Representatives 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin is not in order in discuss-
ing any question except the appeal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is just the point I
was intending to present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
point is not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to ask him a question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin has the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask him a
question for information. I understood that
he had not yielded the floor when the Senator
from Indiana rose and made the motion to lay
on the table, but still claimed the floor.
Mr. LANE. That is an entire mistake.
The Senator from Wisconsin had made a mo-
tion to adjourn, and that motion being put, of
course he lost the floor, and then I was prop-
erly on the floor, and the motion was in order.
Sir. DOOLITTLE. I was still entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely rise to say a
word on this point of order, because we do not
wish to be involved in altercations of this kind
here. The manual and rule of parliamentary
law both of the House of Representatives and
the British Parliament is, that whenever a
motion is made that is not debatable you
cannot accumulate questions upon it. There-
fore, when a motion is made to adjourn, you
cannot take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair on the adjournment and debate that;
and when a motion is made to lay a question
on the table, the most ordinary form of parlia-
mentary motion, there can be no debate after
that motion is made until the motion is deter-
mined. Therefore, in my opinion, with due
deference to the decision of the Chair, when
the Senator from Indiana makes a motion to
lay the appeal on the table, that is the end of
all debate, and that motion must be put, and
no other motion or business can intervene
except a motion to adjourn. That being a
motion of a prior and higher order, supercedes
the motion to lay on the table. That is the
parliamentary rule. I trust, therefore, that we
shall go back and commence at the beginning
of this difficuly and take the question, without
debate, upon the motion of the Senator from
Indiana. That is the parliamentary rule.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In reply to the Senator
from Ohio I have simply to say that one of two
things is certain: we must either dispose of and
settle the question of order in the midst of the
debate, for it has reference to the debate and
the Senator upon the floor; we must dispose
of that question now, or if a motion to lay that
question on the table can intervene, it carries
the debate with it and the subject-matter of the
debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana moves to lay the question upon the table.
WhO question is that? Simply the appeal.
The point of order can come up a^ain to-mor-
row or any day, at any moment, l'he Senator
from Wisconsin may call up that question
which was laid upon the table, and we can
consider it then. That is the custom of the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us see where we
stand, and not be misled by the very astute
argument of my learned friend from Ohio. A
Senator is upon the floor, making use of lan-
guage alleged to be out of order. He is called
to order bccanse the words are out of order.
An appeal is taken from the decision of the
Chair on the question of order. A motion is
made to lay that appeal on the table. What
effect has that motion upon the Senator on the
floor in debate? Is he allowed to go*on?
Mr. SHERMAN. The parliamentary law
says expressly that upon any disposition made
of the point of order the Senator may proceed
according to the judgment of the Senate; and
that is the language used in the rule.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, according to the
Senator from Ohio, the judgment of the Senate
can be taken without debate on a question of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The judgment of the
Senate may be taken without debate on a
question to lay a proposition on the table. It
is simply to lay it aside for the present. Then
the ordinary motion is that the Senator be
allowed to proceed in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I desire is, to get
the judgment of the Senate—and I want the
deliberate judgment of the Senate—on the
question whether the use of these words is
parliamentary. I do not care whether it is
decided just at this moment or decided an
hour hence or decided to-morrow; but the
/question ought to be passed upon, so that we
may know whether such words are or are
not within the rules of parliamentary proceed-
ings ; whether it is parliamentary for a Senator
speaking of the Supreme Court of the United
States to say that the Supreme Court of the
United States is the enemy of the country;
whether it is parliamentary for a Senator to
say that the House of Representatives is the
enemy of the country ; whether it is parlia-
mentary for us to say of the President of the
United States that he is the enemy of the
country; whether it is parliamentary for us ta
say of each other on this floor that we are the
enemies of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; that would not
be in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend suggests that
we cannot say on this floor to each other that
we are the enemies of the country. Why not?
If it be not in order for one Senator to say to
another Senator that he is the enemy of the
country, what is the reason that it is out of
order? It is because you are not using proper
and parliamentary language toward an officer
of the Government who is entitled to be treated
with ordinary respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it tends to
promote disorder in the body.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is suggested because
it tends to promote disorder in the body. But,
sir, is there not a still greater tendency to pro-
mote disorder and confusion in the country if
one branch of the Government is to denounce
another branch of the Government as an
enemy of the country; for the Senate to
denounce the House of Representatives as an
enemy to the country ; for us to denounce the
President as an enemy of the country ? That
is the question. I wish to have the judgment
of the Senate upon that question. I do not
care how it is arrived at. Forms are nothing
to me; substance is all at which I aim. I
believe that according to parliamentary law it
is not even parliamentary for any person in
debate on this floor to say of a pending meas-
ure that should it pass the President would
veto it, or would probably veto it. It is not
within the rule of parliamentary law for us to
speak of the proceedings of the House of Rep-
resentatives in any way disrespectful, or in any
way whatever, or of the proceedings of a com-
mittee. All I ask is, that I may- understand
the judgment of the Senate on this question.
I care not as to the form of arriving at it. I
have great respect for the decisions of the
Chair always, and it was simply with a view
of getting the judgment of the Senate on this
