1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
entitled' 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States."
Mr. CONNESS. It will be seen that the
Senate is not yet full, and I hope we shall wait
a little while before we take that up, and give
an hour to the chairman of the Committee on
Claims. It is the best opportunity we shall
have for that business, and by that time the
Senate will be full, and we can go on with the
bill referred to by the Senator from Oregon ;
and I hope that will be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will take half an hour
or perhaps an hour to read the veto message.
I suppose the Clerk can proceed with the read-
ing of the message, and by the time it is com-
pleted the members, I have no doubt, will be
in their seats; and after that measure is dis-
posed of I do not see any reason why the bills
of the Senator from Wisconsin should not be
taken up.
Mr. HOWE. The reason why my bills can-
not be taken up and considered is because
somebody else has got some other bill to
move. The Senator from New York—I am
obliged to him for his assistance—has already,
without any objection on the part of any one,
had one bill on my Calendar passed. If some
other Senator who is particularly interested
would move to take up the bills that he is in-
terested in I could get them through and with-
out any trouble myself.
Mr. DAVIS. I will 
Mr. HOWE. In one moment I will give
way to the Senator from Kentucky. I move
once more that the message lie upon the table,
and that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 483.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage is not yet taken from the table. The
motion is to take that up, with the bill which it
accompanies. It is not yet taken up.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
.483.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Another
motion is now pending.
Mr. HOWE. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of the message of the President of the
United States returning, with his objections,
the bill to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States.
Mr. HOWE. Then, addressing myself to
the Senate upon that motion, I have to say
most respectfully that I hope the Senate will
not now agree to take up that message.
Mr. WILLEY. West Virginia, I believe,
has no bill on the Calendar of claims what-
ever; but Senators who represent constituents
that have are constantly soliciting me to bring
up their bills, those of them that I have had
the honor to report. Now, if gentlemen will
let us have an hour for that business we shall
do it. If not, I shall consider myself absolved
from all obligations to attend to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am anxious for an
opportunity to vote to give the Senator from
Wisconsin an hour for his bills. I think it
will be a saving of time to give it to him, and
I move that he have an hour to proceed with
the business of the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Another
motion is pending, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the message of the Presi-
dent returning, with his objections, the bill to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay it aside
for one hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
yet taken up. The motion is that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the message
accompanying that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not take
it up for an hour yet.
The motion was not agreed to.
NOIIMAN J. HALL.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate now
take up for consideration House bill No. 483.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 483) for the relief of Norman J. Hall
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
In the settlement of the accounts with the
Treasury of Lieutenant Norman J. Hall, first
United States artillery, acting assistant com-
missary of subsistence and assistant quarter-
master at Fort Sumter, South Carolina, the
bill provides that there shall be allowed to
him the sum of $965 72, on account of the
loss of money and of vouchers for money paid,
the said amount being public funds and vouch-
ers in his hands, and destroyed by the blowing
up of a magazine at Fort Sumter, South Caro-
lina, during the bombardment of that fort by
the rebels in the month of April, 1861, the loss
being without neglect or fault on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. The committee in this case
make an adverse report. The reason why the
committee reported against this bill is because
an act was passed at the last session author-
izing all disbursing officers to go to the Court
of Claims and have the amount of their losses
proved there and certified to the Treasury
Department. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES >1. BISHOP.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (H. R.
No. 916) for the relief of James M. Bishop,
who claims $236, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment to ascertain and allow to James M.
Bishop, of Quincy, Illinois, for services in
March and April, 1863, to finish the work left
undone on the assessment lists in the fourth
district of Illinois, by Mr. Sutkin, an assistant
assessor, at his decease, such a sum, not ex-
ceeding $236, as shall be equal to that now
fixed by law to be paid assistant assessors for
such service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the title
by striking out the words " who claims $236."
It is entirely unusual to put such a statement
in the title of a bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH F. CHIPMAN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (H. R.
No. 1168) for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth F.
Chipman, widow of Major Charles Chipman,
deceased, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Elizabeth F.
Chipman, widow of Major Charles Chipman,
deceased, late of the twenty-ninth regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, $125, in payment
for a horse lost by her husband in the military
service on the 18th of August, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
JAMES J. IICDNALL.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 282) for the relief of James J.
Hudnall was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury, in the settlement of the ac-
counts of James J. Hudnall, collector of the
sixth congressional district of the State of Ken-
tucky, to credit him with the sum of $1,900, in
full for money lost by him in the town of Peters-
burg, Boone county, in the State of Kentucky,
on the night of the 16th of August, 1866.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in
that case?
Mr. HOWE. There is a report of the House
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What are the circum-
stances?
Mr. HOWE. The safe was broken open in
the storehouse where the funds were deposited. >
Mf. FESSENDEN. Is the case well proved ? j
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will take the chair-
man's word for it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AL3IANSON EATON.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of Alman-
son Eaton, receiver of public money for the
land office at Stevens's Point, Wisconsin, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
and the Secretary of the Treasury and the
proper accounting officers in their Depart-
ments, in settling the accounts of Almanson
Eaton, receiver of public moneys for the dis-
trict of lands subject to sale at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin, shall, upon satisfactory evidence
being made and filed, allow and credit to him
tlie sum of $2,092 72, public money, lost and
destroyed by fire in the burning of the offices,
books, papers, and the public money of the
register and receiver at Stevens' s Point, Wis-
consin, on the night of the 29th of'December,
1865.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IIENEY RUDD.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (H. R.
No. 825) for the relief of Henry Rudd, of
Henry county, Iowh, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa, the sum of
$9,150, in full for all losses and compensation
to Rudd for horses purchased and delivered
under a contract with the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CITY OP WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (II. R.
No. 710) to pay and discharge certain debts
and expenditures to the corporation of the
city of Washington was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
proper authorities of the city of Washington
the sum of $31,971 34, in full for all claims
which the city of Washington now has against
the United States on account of moneys ex-
pended in improving the streets, avenues,
alleys, public grounds, in the city of Washing-
ton, or for repairing any of the bridges crossing
the Potomac river, prior to May 5, 1804; but
before paying this sum, the mayor of the city
of Washington is to present to the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings an account embrac-
ing each item of charge which the city has made
against the United States for expenditures
herein referred to, which account the Commis-
sioner is to certify to be correct and just. No
money is to be paid until after a full examina-
tion of all the items by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, and proof under oath
that the work was done at fair and reasonable
prices; and the city of Washington is to file
with the Treasurer of the United States a re-
ceipt to the effect that the city has received the
amount to be paid by virtue of the act in full
of all claims against the Government for the
grading, paving, and constructing sewers in the
streets of the city to the date of May 23, 18'"5.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordeied
to a third reading, read the third time,' and
passed. w
HUGH LEDDY.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill dl. 11.
No. 346) for the relief of Hugh L^ddv was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to Hugh Leddy of
$682 40, in full for liquors wrongfully seized
by order of a provost marshal on the 2d of
December, 1862, and appropriated to the use
of the Government through the medical de-
partment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
