1867.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
age, political rights. Now the case stands
upon a different foundation. By the Constitu-
tion all men are made free. By the provisions
of the civil rights bill all persons born within
the jurisdiction of the United States, or duly
naturalized, are made Citizens. Hence the
form of any State government must now be
viewed, and must now be tested, by the
whole of our national Constitution and the
recognized rights under it. So viewed, and so
tested, no State government can, in my judg-
ment, be truly recognized as republican in
form, -which permanently disfranchises, by rea-
son of race or color, either a majority or a
large proportion of its adult male citizens who
have been guilty of no crime. Conceding that
the right of suffrage is neither a natural nor
civil right, yet it is so necessary to protect
and secure a citizen in the enjoyment of his
civil rights, that in a Government like ours,
based upon the will of the people, it is difficult
to separate it from civil rights.
The constitutional amendments passed by
Congress at its last session are so just in their
requirements, so mild in their provisions, that
no person ought to object to their adoption
by reason of their imposing too severe terms
upon those lately in rebellion. With some
reason loyal men may complain, that they do
not go far enough, that they do not adequately
punish rebels, nor sufficiently protect the rights
of all loyal men of the South; yet mild and
just as they are, their provisions and require-
ments are spurned by those people lately in
rebellion. The masses of the loyal North
last autumn declared, that nothing short of the
recognition of the principles therein contained
would bring peace and security to the nation.
We must not disregard that great popular ver-
dict rendered by the people. There must be
no yielding up any of their securities, no aban-
donment of any of their essential requirements.
The affirmation of citizenship and of equality
of civil rights ; the withholding from States a
representation based upon loyal men who, as a
class, are disfranchised; the temporary exclu-
sion from office of leading perjured rebels; the
repudiation of the rebel debt, and a pledge for
the payment of the loyal debt, incurred in put-
ting down the rebellion, must not be waived
nor rendered uncertain. They are essentially
necessary to protect the liberties of our people
and to make their rights secure.
I understand civil liberty, under our form of
government, to be something more than what
Coleridge defined painting to be: "Painting,"
said he, " is a something between a thought
and a thing." Our civil liberty is not thus
circumscribed. It is both a thought and a
thing. It rests, not in the mind alone, but
reaches out its numerous tendrils and clasps
as with hooks of steel, the substantial realities
of man's existence. As mind and matter are
united in man, so are thought and thing in civil
liberty. Liberty is insecure, it is of no value,
until it becomes a right; not merely asserted
as an abstract right, but affirmed as a positive,
practical, and living right. It must be incor-
porated into law which will protect and en-
force it.
I am free to confess, that the constitutional
amendments now pending before the States do
not give all the protection and security which
I think due to the loyal people of both the
North and the South. Unable last session to
get all the securities I desired, I accepted and
voted for them. In my judgment the general
sentiment of the North during the recent elec-
tions was, that if the rebel States would adopt
these amendments in good faith, and send loyal
men, they ought to have a restored representa-
tion in Congress. So believing, and desiring
to assist in carrying out the people's will, I
have stood ready to thus vote. Instead, how-
ever, of adopting them; instead of giving their
assent to the correctness of the principles
therein enunciated, they have rejected them
with scorn. If now, with all their anxiety to
have a representation upon the floors of Con-
gross, they will not subscribe to those princi-
ples for the purpose of gaining admission, is
any man so insane as to believe they would
adopt them after they were admitted? Cer-
tainly not.
If a majority of the representative men of the
South, who enjoy the elective franchise, are de-
termined to continue to stand in opposition to
our Government; if they continue to manifest
no sympathy with the genius of our institutions;
if they can so control and direct the majorities
of those to whom they give the right of suffrage
as to exclude from official position all loyal
men of the South, then indeed they are still in
rebellion. They have changed their weapons,
but their object is the same. That object,
that purpose is to undermine the very founda-
tion upon which this Government rests. They
not only ignore the doctrine that our Govern-
ment derives its just powers from the consent
of the governed—not of the few only, but of
the many—but they seek to pervert its powers
and make it an engine of wrong and of oppres-
sion. The numerous murders of colored men,
the frequent assassinations of loyal white men,
attest the bitter and disloyal sentiment which
still rankles in the heart of the unreconstructed
rebels. Kindness and executive pardons have
failed to subdue their hostile sentiments. Loyal
white men are driven from their homes by so-
cial and political ostracism, as well as through
fear of injury to their persons and their prop-
erty.
Every loyal citizen is entitled to protection
by his Government. AVe cannot afford to deny
it to ours. The golden opportunity is now
presented of bringing back our Government to
those grand truths proclaimed in the Declara-
tion of Independence; not holding them as
" glittering generalities," but as principles im-
bedded in the hearts of our people ; so that we
may have in fact, what we have heretofore had
in name, a free Government. If we now suf-
fer this occasion to pass unimproved, a century
may roll around before so favorable a one is
again presented.
We are told, however, by gentlemen in the
Opposition, that there is no constitutional power
to deny to any rebel State a representation in
Congress. It recalls to my mind the declara-
tion so often made at the inception of the
rebellion ; a declaration made not only by the
head of the Democratic party, but running
down through all grades to its most ignorant
member. It was, "There is no power in the
Government to coerce a State."
The loyal, Union-loving people of the nation
answered that assertion. They said we will
coerce all persons who are in rebellion "in any
State, even if they include its entire popula-
tion. That word was made good. So now
the loyal people have said, we can and will deny
to rebel States a representation in Congress
until they come with constitutions and laws in
harmony with our amended Constitution. Un-
less Congress is recreant to its trust that word
will also be made good.
As the Sabbath was made for man and not
mari for the Sabbath, so civil government was
created for the benefit of mankind, and not
mankind for the benefit of government. Con-
stitutions and laws are but the instruments
which the people have formed, to be used in
securing their rights and in protecting them in
the enjoyment thereof. As the habits and
necessities of a people change, so should their
legislation and organic laws change. To deny
this, is to check all progress in civil govern-
ment. In the earlier periods of the world's his-
tory, those organic changes were made through
the bloody throes of revolution. In framing the
Constitution of the United States our forefathers
sought to avoid all necessity for those con-
vulsions which deluge a country in blood.
Hence they incorporated in the instrument
itself, a peaceful method by which it could be
changed. They arrogated to themselves no
perfection of human wisdom through which
they sought to bind future generations. They
framed it to suit their then existing wants and
necessities, but reserved the right, and pointed
out the manner, in which tliey and their pos-
terity might change it. Thus it is allotted to
each generation to make such changes as the
advancing civilization of the world' requires.
The disdain, with which the governing classes
of the South have rejected the mild require-
ments of the pending constitutional amend-
ments, proves them unfit and unsafe to shape
the legislation of this country.
In my judgment the time for other and addi
tional action has now arrived. We must look
beyond those classes. The disloyal should no
longer be permitted to act the ^art of the dog
in the manger. Now, they neither enjoy the
full benefits of our representative Government,
nor permitloyal people in their midst to enjoy
them. They seem to have forgotten that their
every system of slavery has been weighed in
the balance by the great popular heart of the
nation and has been found wanting; that time
nor eternity will not restore it. It has been
cast into that vortex where—
"Though the mills of God grind slowly
Yet they grindexceedine small;
Though with patieno© Ho stands waiting
With exactness grinds Ho all."
It is criminal in us if we suffer loyal citizens
of the South to be much longer thus deprived
of their full rights. They have a right to de-
mand speedy action. While we talk and pro-
crastinate, they suffer. The disloyal, basking
in the sunshine of executive sympathy and
executive favor, have again raised their heads,
and are now consolidating their power. I sec
no other course left but to give enfranchise-
ment and power to the loyal masses of their
citizens. Let the test be loyalty, not race nor
color. It is the lowly, the humble, the down-
trodden, -who most need the protecting arm of
the Government. Wealth and high order of
intelligence usually secure protection to their
possessors; the poor and the ignorant require
the aid of the ballot for their protection.
The rights of labor and muscle must not be
overlooked nor disregarded. They lie at the
very foundation of our national prosperity and
our continued existence as one nation. When
the unity of our nation was assailed by the
recent rebellion ; when the peril was so great
that every loyal family was compelled to give
up some of its loved ones to fill the depleted
ranks of our armies ; when the conscript sub-
mitted himself to the military authorities for
examination, no such interrogatory was put to
him as " Can you read and write?" nor that
other interrogatory, "Does any colored blood
flow in your veins?" Neither ignorance of
letters ; nor race nor color afforded any ground
for exemption; vigorous manhood fixed his
liability.
Whoever was required to risk his life in the
defense of our Government, whoever was re-
quired to raise his stalwart arms to oppose that
mighty rebellion, has, in my judgment, a suffi-
cient educational qualification to enable him
to take a part in shaping the future of that
nation whose unity his valor helped to pre-
serve.
I trust, therefore, that the bill this House
has lately passed, providing for a restoration
of civil government in Louisiana, may become
a law ; and if found to work well, that its sub-
stantial provisions may be extended to all the
disorganized communities of the South. Those
civil governments, which the President has
assumed to establish, are of no binding force.
Let the citizens, who are now without any ade-
quate protection, be temporarily protected by
our military power. That power should be
carefully yet firmly exercised. Rebels must
not arrogantly dictate what a loyal people
must do ; they must be taught that every per-
son who is protected by the ample folds of our
flag must love its stars or fear its stripes.
It is my earnest desire that the time may
soon come when there shall be such a state of
facts existing in all the States lately in rebel-
lion as will admit of their representation being
restored ; but I do not want to see their Rep-
resentatives come back here exhibiting that
sense of arrogant superiority which_ was for-
merly manifested on this floor. VV hen they
take their seats let it be with no assumption
