1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
of superiority, no admission of inferiority j - let
it be with sentiments of political equality and
of national unity.
By one general test and rule we should fix
and determine under what requirements a
restoration shall lie had. Let us scrape away
all the unsound accumulations begotten by
slavery till we. come to1 the splid rock, and
build anew j then permanency will be given
to the structure in which harmony and justice
shall commingle. Do not let us. subject the
people of this nation t,o -a multiplicity of bril-
liant operations like that which characterized
the experiments of a French surgeon. • It is
related of the late Sir Astley Cooper that
on visiting Paris he was asked by the surgeon
• en chef of the empire how many times he had
performed a certain wonderful surgical oper-
ation. Sir Astley replied that he had per-
formed the operation thirteen times. " Ah,''
said the Frenchman, "but, Monsieur, I have
done him one hundred and sixty times." After
looking into the amazed expression of Sir Ast-
■ley's face lie added: "How many times did
you save his life?" "I," said'theEnglishman,
'' saved eleven out of thirteen. How many did
you save out of one hundred and sixty?" "Ah,
Monsieur, I lose dem all, but de operatioa was
very brilliante!"
So every attempt made to reconstruct with-
out recognizing man's equality may be bril-
liant to the eyes of those who govern, but fatal
to the rights of the people. Any compromise
which ignores the rights of a loyal citizen is
unworthy of the civilization of the age. There
should be no compromise of auy of the essen-
tial rights of citizenship. Several compromises
have been made with slavery in our past his-
tory, but perfidy 1ms marked their paths. Wo
must not forget that the destiny of this nation
is now to be shaped. Principles are now to bo
settled which will leave their impress upon
couutloss ages of the future. No veneering
spread over groat national wrongs, no ignoring
tfxe fundamental rights of all our citizens, can
faithfully represent the deeply-seated convic-
tions of the American people. The conflict of
arms through which the nation has parsed, the
treasures expended, and bloodshed by the peo-
ple in defense of their cherfthcd rights and
institutions, must not have been in vain. The
civil arm of this Government must givo logical
effect to tlie sturdy blows struck by our bravo
soldiers in their many bloody conflicts, if it
fails to protcct the fair and natural fruits of the
victory won by tho sword it will be false to the
great principles of liberty and justly merit the
condemnation of tho civilized world. J, how-
ever, have an abiding faith that the people, who
could preserve their institutions against the
criminal weakuess of a Buchanan and tho
machinations of a Johnson, will transmit them
unimpaired to posterity.
Mr. Hpeaker, I yield the remainder of ray
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
I) Alt!.mi.]
Mr. DARLING. I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has only ten minutes
left. As that is not sufficient for my purpose
I decline to go 011 this evening; and with his
permission 1 yield to the gentleman from
"mTdUMONT, and Mr. TAYLOR of Ten-
nessee, addressed the House. [Their remarks
will be published iti the Appendix. ]
At the conclusion of Mr. Taylor's remarks,
Mr. KERR obtained tho floor, and moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, 15TC.
Tho following petitions, &c„ were .presented under
tho rule,andreioned to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BUNDY: TIk: petition of Colonri J.'II. M.
Montgomery, for one year'sadditionalpension, which
is recommended by Joseph IXunt. Alexander Logan,
Caleb "W. Cherington, John 0. Yauden.S. A.Ifasli,
and William Waddle, tho county officers of Gallia
county, Ohio.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition, signed by numer-
ous gitizens of Sangamon counts, Illinois, .calling
upon Congress to prevent by necessary legislation
the further withdrawal of the national legal tenders;
also, to refrain from passing a law requiring the
national banks to redeem in the city of New York.
By Mr. DODGE: Resolutions of the Chamber of
Commerce of the State of New York, in regard to the
land sold by the city to the Government for building
suitable accommodations of the revenue service at
the Battery, and asking Congress to make the proper
appropriations to carry out the object.
By Mr. FARNSW031TH: The petition of citizens
of Roekford, Illinois, against the curtailment of th.e
■currency.
' Also.the remonstrance of citizensof Roekford, Illi-
nois, against any law depreciating or unsettling the
national currency.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 122 citizens
of Youngstown, Ohio, asking for the repeat of the
-five per cent, tax on manufactures.
By Mr. GOODYEAR: The petition of Effio J. Har-
vey, praying for a pension on account of her late
husband, Clinton 1). Harvey, who died from disease
contracted in tho naval service of the United States.
By Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio: The petition of John
McBIroy, and 108 others, citizens of Delaware, phio,
praying that the five per cent, tax imposed upon
manufactures be removed.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The remonstraneo of F.
Fuller, Charles E, Grant, L. B. Conger, B. L. Chap-
man and 67 others, business men of Galesbnrg, Illi-
nois, protesting against any legislation depreciating
or unsotttinn the established national currency.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of tho officers of
tho Athenoum, of Philadelphia, asking thatall books,
maps, &o„ intended for libraries, colleges, and othor
public institutions be continued on tho free list, as a
tariff upon them would be attended with disastrous
results in the diffusion of useful knowledgo.
ByMr.PAINE: Hemonstraneo of F. T. Smith and
others, citizens of Fox Lake, Wisconsin, against
legislation depreciating or unsettling tho established
national eurroney.
Also, tho petition ofeitizons of Kalamazoo county,
Mioliigan, for the establishment of a cortain mail
route.
Also, the petition of LydiaL. Pcrham, for pension.
Also, tho petition of certain citizens of Michigan,
for the establishment of a new mail route.
By Mr. PKRHAM: Tho memorial of M. Wescott,
for pension to the minor child of Enoch B. Whitte-
inore,
BvMr. SCIIENCK: Tho petition of manufacturers
of Hamilton, Ohio, praying for tho romoval of the
five per cont. tax on manufactures.
Also, tho petition of citizens of Dayton, Ohio,
romonsl rating against any legislation depreciating
or unsettling tho established national cunoncy.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 14, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed witl .
league island. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I move that tho Senate
postpone nil prior orders, and proceed to the
consideration of tho bill (H. Ii. No. 452) to
authorize the Secretary of tho Navy to accept.
League Island, in tho Delaware river, for naval
purposes, and to dispense with and dispose of
tho site of the existing yard at Philadelphia.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the regular order
of business will be pursued—the presentation
of memorials, reports, &e.
Mr, POMEROY. I desire to present the
credentials of my colleague and have him
sworn in this morning,
Mr. GRIMES. That can bo done after this
motion is put.
Mr. CONNES8. I hope before the motion
is put that we shall be allowed to present
memorials and bills.
Mr. GRIMES. If tho Senate will agree to
take the bill up 1 shall then be perfectly willing
that it be informally laid aside until all the
morning business is disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
its being taken up if we can then proceed with
the morning business.
The PRESIDENT#™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho motion of tho Senator from Iowa.
The question being put; there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 8 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays lti; as follows :
Y EAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Conness,
Creswell.Fessendcn, Fowler, Erelmehuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Saulsbury, Stewart, Williams, and
Yates—20.
. NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,"Dixon,Foster,
Howard, Howe, Nesmith, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fogg, Guthrie, Harris, MeDougall, Norton,
Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—lfr.
, So the motion wasagreed to.
credentials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the credentials
of Hon. Edmund Gr. Ross, elected a Senator
by the legislature of the State of Kansas to
fill the vacancy occasiond,by the death of Hon.
James H. Lane. The credentials were read,
and the oaths prescribed by law were admin-
istered to Mr. Ross, and he took his seat in
the Senate.
Mr. ROSS presented the credentials of Hon.
Samuel C. Pomeroy, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Kansas for the term of six years,,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1867;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
petitions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Joseph Segar, praying for compensation for
property taken for the use of the Government
by order of Major General Butler, in May, 1861,
at Roseland, near Old Point Comfort, Vir-
ginia ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Isabella
M. Boyle, praying that a pension may be
granted to her husband, James Boyle, formerly
a private in company H, seventeenth regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, who became disabled
in the service and is now insane; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill(H. R. No. 974)
to indemnify Abial Morrison for property
destroyed by hostile Indians in Washington
'Territory, in the years 1855 and 1856, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 401) to regulate the selection of grand and
petit jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 501) amend-
atory of an act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Montana, ap-
proved May 26,. 1S64, reported.it with an
amendment.
Mr. NESMITII, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 158)
for tho relief of Daniel Ellis, reported it with
an amendment, and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ezra B. Gordon, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 602) granting a pen-
sion to Ezra B. Gordon. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ofdered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (8. No. 165) to refer the
claims of the trustees of A. G. Sloo to the
Court of Claims, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 965) declaring
Clinton bridge, across the Mississippi river, at
Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post route,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 604) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion' of
certain public works heretofore commenced
