1867.
THE CONGRESSIO&M/ G10 
thei-efore move that the rales be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cobb in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 896, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the'
year ending the 30th of June, 1867.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask that unanimous
consent be given to restore the clause in rela-
tion to laborers for the House of Representa-
tives to what it was when originally reported,
go that it will read as follows :
For laborers, $12,693.
No objection was made, and the clause was
restored to its original form.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to amend the
clause so that it will read:
For laborers, $12,893.
For additional compensation to Louis Saunders, in
ChargeofHouse water-closets. $100; and for deficiency
due him for tlie current fiscal year, 8100.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. I
ask whether it is in order for the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to move to strike out an
amendment inserted by the Committee of the
Whole without first reconsidering the vote by
which it was adopted?
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Cobb in the chair.)
The motion to restore the clause to its original
form was made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] and agreed to by
unanimous consent; that left the clause open
to amendment as before. The Chair is farther
advised that in Committee of the Whole the
motion to reconsider is not in order.
Mr. FINCK. I understand the amendment
was made in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
stricken'out by unanimous consent-
Mr. FIN CK. I did not understand the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be in order.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew an amend-
ment which I withdrew- last evening, adding a
a new section. I have altered it so as to make
it apply to the Court of Claims alone, and I
understand there will now be no objection to it.
I move tfl add the following new section:
And be it further enacted. That the proviso con-
tained in the third section of chapter two hundred
and ten of the act of July 2,1884. shall be construed
to embrace all suits to which the United States shall
be a party in the Court of Claims, either as plaintiff
or defendant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before I
agree to that I want some explanation of it.
I want to know -what that act is.
- Mr. STEVENS. That act, which was passed
in 1864, provides that in the courts of the Uni-
ted States there shall be no exclusion of any
witness on account of color, and that in civil
actions parties in interest may testify. It wag
supposed, and I suppose now, that that provis-
ion was broad enough to include all cases in
which the United States was a party in any
court; but inasmuch as the Court of Claims is
not mentioned, that court has decided that this
provision'xb)es not apply to suits pending in
that'court ; that the old law with regard to
exclusion still exists. The object of this amend-
ment is to put suits in the Court of Claims on
precisely the same footing as suits in the''Uni-
ted States district courts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The prop-
osition now offered has no business in an appro-
priation bill.
■ Mr. STEVENS. The original provision was
priation bill.
of Illinois. Well, it
had no business there. I object to this amend-
ment. I do not wish to give the Court of
Claims any further jurisdiction. I objeot to
the passage of any law under which parties
may go into that court and' swear their claims
through. I raise the point of order that this
amendment proposes independent legislation-
39th Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 34.
on an appropriation bill, and it is flagrantly
out of order under the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. _ The Chair decides that
under the usage of this House the amendment
is in order. Although as an original question
the Chair would be.inclined to regard this
amendment as inadmissible, yet long usage has
settled the practice in favor of the reception
of such propositions.
Mr. STEVENS. The appropriation bill of
1864 contained the provision to which I have
referred. This is merely a declaration as to
the meaning of that law—nothing else.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ It is an
alteration of existing law; and it is general
legislation in an appropriation bill. To my
mind it is elearlv out of order.
Mr. STEVENS. The appropriation bill of
1864 contained a provision—
"That in the courts of the United States there shall
be no exclusion of any witness^ on account of color,
nor in civil actions because he is a party to or inter-
ested in the issue tried."
This amendment is a mere construction of
that law, declaring that it applies to the Court
of Claims as one of the courts of the United
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
objected to the admission of this amendment.
The committee cannot go back except by
unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this amendment is offered to come in at
the end of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly. .
Mr. JEN.CKES. If I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, this amendment is
restricted in its operation to cases in fie Court
of Claims.*
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. -
Mr. JENCK'ES. It goes no farther?
Mr. STEVENS. No farther.
Mr. HALE. Do I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to say that since the pas-
sage of the civil rights bill the Court of Claims
has decided that negro testimony cannot be
received in that court?
Mr,^ STEVENS. They have decided within
a few days that the provision which I have
quoted does not apply to that court. :
On the amendment of Mr. Stexexs there
were—ayes 52, noes 2-5; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Stevens and Mr.
WASHBtTRNE, of Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to a mod-
ification of an amendment adopted yesterday.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding]- with regard to em-
ploying in the police force of this city those who
have served as soldiers of the United States
does not embrace those who have been in the
naval service. Thfere are now in the police
force some who have served as sailors. I ask
unanimous consent that the amendment be
modified by inserting " seamen and marines."
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the amendment will be so modified.
There was no objection.
Mr. RAYMOND. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. I desire to know whether the following
paragraph has been acted on:
For facilitating communication between the At-
lantic and Paeiflc States by electrical telegraph,
$40,000.
Mr. STEVENS. It has been acted on; but
there is to be a vote in the House, and the gen-
tleman may call for the yeas and nays if he
chooses.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask unanimous consent
that we may go back and consider the follow-
ing paragraph which was stricken- out:
For continuing the collection of reliable statistical
information concerning the jgold and silver mines of
the western States and Territories, «hich-shall in-
clude the labor and capital employed, the product
and the modes of working the same, which informa-
tion shall be reported to Congress, $10,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. T object,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the' commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to. ,
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb reported
that the Committee of- the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 896, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1867,.had "directed5 him
to report the same back to the House 'With,
sundry amendments. ,
Mr. STEVENS. Before demanding the pre-
vious question I beg leave to renew an amend-
ment rejected in Committee of the Whole. I
understand some gentlemen who objected then
are now in favor of the proposition. I again
move the following amendment: to strike out
these words—
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, $2,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salary of the reporter of the Supreme Court
of the United States, $2,500, ifone volume only of
the reports is published as heretofore1;-and incase
the Supreme Court should direct him to publish two
volumes, then the sum of $2,500 for each volume so
published.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. " That
amendment has already been rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks unanimous consent to submit the
amendment in the House ; and if the gentle-
man from Illinois will permit me I will make
a short explanation. If he will hear me I am
sure he will not insist on his objection. If-it
had been understood by the committee yester-
day it would not have been voted down. It
has always been customary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
on my objection. I do not object to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania making an explan-
ation until the House adjourns, but I insist on
reserving all of my objections.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
before the House.
Mr. THAYER. Allow the House at least
to vote upon it with some explanation on the
subject. I am sure the gentleman would not
do this gentleman an injustice.
Mr. BID WELL. I desire to know whether
it is in order to ask for a separate vote on the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BID WELL. Then I ask for a separate
vote on the amendment in reference to mining
statistics.
Mr. THAYER'. J-rise to a point of order.
Is it not competent for the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to move -an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Any amendment appro-
priating money must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on' the state of
the Union. This appropriates $2,500 under
certain contingencies which have not'been fully
considered in th'e Colnmittee of the Whole.;,.,.
Mr. THAYER. Two thousand five hundred
dollars have been appropriated; and the prop-
osition is to double the appropriation in con-
sideration of the reporter being obliged to issue
an additional volume, three hundred copies of
which he has to give to the Interior Depart-
ment at his own expense. Now, is it not com-
petent for the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to move to, amtend- the "bill at
this stage by striking,-out. " two thousand five
hundred dollars" and-inserting." five thousand
dollars?"
The SPEAKEB. Ii:is not; that would be a
very good argument in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THAYER. T arn not making an argu-
ment, but a point of order. I inquire whether
it is not competent for the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, after the bill.is
reported to the House, to move an amendment
to his own bill increasing the appropriation:?'
