1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ble forms of torture invented for military pun-
ishment lie within the range of choico. Third,
tho sentence of a commission is not to be
executed without beitis approved by the com- 1
mander. if it affects life or liberty, and a sen- '
tenee of death must be approved by the Presi-
dent. This applies to eases in which there
has been a trial and sentence. I take it to bo
clear, under this bill, that the military com-
mander may condemn to death without even
the form of a trial by a military commission,
so that the life of the condemned may depend
upon the will of two men instead of one.
It is plain that the authority here given to the
military officer amounts to absolute despotism.
Bat. to make it still more unendurable, the bill
provides that it may be delegated to as many
subordinates as he chooses to appoint; for it
declares that he shall '• punish or cause to be
punished." Such a powerhas not been wielded
by any monarch in England for more than five
hundred years. In all that time 110 people who
speak the English language have borne such
servitude. It reduces the whole population of
the ten States—all persons, of every color, sex,
and condition, and every stranger within their
limits—to the most abject and degrading sla-
very. No master ever had a control so abso- '
lute over his slave as this bill gives to the j
military officers over both white and colored i
persons. 1'
It maybe answered to this that the officers ,1
of the Army are too magnanimous, just, and ,
humane to oppress and trample upon a sub-
jugated people. I do not doubt that Army J
ofiicers are as well entitled to this kind of con- |
fidence as any other class of men. But the
history of the world has been written in vain
if it does not teach us that unrestrained author-
ity can never be safely trusted in human hands.
It is almost sure to be more or less abused under
any circumstances, and it has always resulted
in gross tyranny where the rulers who exercise , \
it are strangers to their subjects, and come
among thorn as the representatives of a distant
Power, and more especially when the Power
that sends them is unfriendly. Governments
closely resembling that here proposed have
been fairly tried in Hungary and Poland, and
the suffering endured by those people roused '
the sympathies of the entire world. It was
tried in Ireland, and, though tempered at first
by principles of English law, it gave birth to
cruelties so atrocious that they are never re-
counted without just indignation. The French
Convention armed its deputies with this power,
and sent them to the southern departments of
the republic. The massacres, murders, and
other atrocities which they committed show
what the passions of the ablest men in the
most civilized society will tempt them to do
when wholly unrestrained by law.
The men of our race in every age have strug-
gled to tie up the hands of their Governments
and keep them within the law : because their
own experience of all mankind taught them
that rulers could not bo relied on to concede
those rights which they were not legally bound
to respect. The head of a great empire has
sometimes governed it with a mild and pater-
nal sway; but the kindness of an irresponsible
deputy never yields what the law does not ex-
tort from him. Between such a master and
the people subjected to his domination there
can be nothing but enmity; he punishes them
if they resist his authority; and if they sub-
mit to it he hates them for their servility.
I come now to a question which is, if possi-
ble, still more important. Have we the power
to establish and carry into execution a measure
like this? I answer, certainly not, if we derive
our authority from the Constitution, and if we
are bound by the limitations which it imposes.
This proposition is perfectly clear: that no
branch of the Federal Government, executive
legislative, or judicial, can have any just pow-
ers except those which it derives through and
exercises under the organic law of the Union.
Outside of the Constitution we have no legal
authority more than private citizens, and within
it we have only so much as that i ustrumen t gives
us. This broad principle limits all our func-
tions and applies to all subjects. It protects
not only the citizens of States which arc within
the Union, but it shields every human being
who comes or is brought under our jurisdiction.
We have no right to do in one place more than
in another that which the Constitution says we
shall not do at all. If, therefore, the southern
States were in truth out of the Union, we could
not treat their people in a way which the fun-
damental law forbids.
Some persons assume that the success of our
arms in crushing the opposition that was made
in some of the States to the execution of the
Federal laws reduced those States and all their
people, the innocent as well as the guilty, to
the condition of vassalage, and gave us a power
over them which the Constitution does not be-
stow or define or limit. No fallacy can be more
transparent than this. Our victories subjected
the insurgents to legal obedience, not to the
yoke of an arbitrary despotism. When an
absolute sovereign reduces his rebellious sub-
jects \e may deal with them according to his
pleasure, because he had that power before;
but when a limited monarch puts down an in-
surrection he must still govern according to
law. If an insurrection should take place in
one of our States against the authority of the
State government and end in the overthrow
of those who planned it, would that take away
the rights of all the people of the counties
where it was favored by a part or a majority
of the population ? Could they for such a rea-
son be wholly outlawed and deprived of their
representation in the Legislature? I have
always contended that the Government of the
United States was sovereign within its consti-
tutional sphere; that it executed its laws like
the States themselves by applying its coercive
power directly to individuals ; and that it could
put down insurrection with the same effect as
a State and no other. The opposite doctrine
is the worst heresy of those who advocated
secession, and cannot be agreed to without
admitting that heresy to be right.
Invasion, insurrection, rebellion, and domes-
tic violence were anticipated when the Govern-
ment was framed, and the means of repelling
and suppressing them were wisely provided for
in the Constitution; but it was not thought
necessary to declare that the States in which
they might occur should be expelled from the
Union. Rebellions, which were invariably
suppressed, occurred prior to that out of which
these questions grow; but the States contin-
ued to exist and the Union remained unbroken.
In Massachusetts, in Pennsylvania, in Rhode
Island, and in New York, at different periods
in our history, violent and armed opposition to
the United States was carried on ; but the rela-
tions of those States to the Federal Govern-
ment were not supposed to be interrupted or
changed thereby after the rebellious portions
of their population were defeated and put down.
It is true that in these earlier cases there was
no formal expression of a determination to
withdraw from the Union; but it is also true
that in the southern States the ordinances of
secession were treated by all the friends of the
Union as mere nullities, and are now acknowl-
edged to be so by the States themselves. If
we admit that they had any force or validity, or
that they did in fact take the States in which
they were passed out of the Union, we sweep
from under our feet all the grounds upon which
we stand in justifying the use of Federal force
to maintain the integrity of the Government.
This is a bill passed by Congress in time of
peace. There is not in any one of the States
brought under its operation either war or insur-
rection. The laws of the States and of the
Federal Government are all in undisturbed and
harmonious operation. The courts, State and
Federal, are open and in the full exercise of
their proper authority. Over every State com-
prised in these five military districts life, lib-
erty, and property are secured by State laws
and Federal laws, and the national Constitu-
tion is everywhere in force and everywhere
obeyed. What, then, is the ground on which
this bill proceeds? The title of the bill an-
nounces that it is intended "for the more
efficient government" of these ten States. It
is recited by way of preamble that no legal
State governments "nor adequate protection
for life or property" exist in those States, and
that peace ana good order should be thus en-
forced. The first thing which arrejts attention
upon these recitals, which prepare the way for
martial law, is this: that the only foundation
upon which martial law can exist under our
form of government is not stated or so much
as pretended. Actual war, foreign invasion,
domestic insurrection—none of these appear,
and none of these in fact exist. It is not even
recited that any sort of war or insurrection is
threatened. Let us pause here to consider,
upon this question of constitutional law and
the power of Congress, a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in ex parte
Milligau.
I will first quote from the opinion of the ma-
jority of the court:
" Martial law cannot arise from a threatened inva-
sion. The necessity must be actual and present, th«
invasion real, such as effectually closes tlio courts and
deposes the civil administration."
We see that martial law comes in only when
actual war closes the courts and deposes the
civil authority; but this bill, in time of peace,
makes martial law operate as though we were
in actual war, and become the cause instead
of the consequence of the abrogation of civil
authority. One more quotation:
" It follows, from what has been said on this sub-
ject, that there are occasions when martial law can
bo properly applied. If in foreign invasion or civil
war tho courts are actually closed, and it is impos-
sible to administer criminal justice according to law,
then, on the theater of active military operations,
where war really prevails, there is a necessity to fur-
nish a substitute for the civil authority thus over-
thrown, to preserve the safety of the Army and soci-
ety'; and as no power is left but the military, it is
allowed to govern by martial rule until the laws can
have their free course."
I now quote from the opinion of the minor-
ity of the court, delivered by Chief Justice
Chase:
"We by no means assert that Congress can estab-
lish and apply the laws of war where no war has been
declared or exists. Where peace exists the laws of
peace must prevail."
This is sufficiently explicit. Peace exists in
all the territory to which this bill applies. It
asserts a power in Congress in time of peace
to set aside the laws of peace and to substitute
the laws of war. The minority, concurring
with the majority, declares that Congress does
not possess that power. Again, and if possi-
ble more emphatically, the Chief Justice, with
remarkable clearness and condensation, sums
up the whole matter as follows:
"There are under the Constitution three kinds of
military jurisdiction—one to be exercised both in
peace and war: another to be exercised in time of
foreign war without the boundaries of the United
States, or in time of rebellion and civil war within
States or districts occupied by rebels treated as bel-
ligerents: and a third to be exercised in time of inva-
sion or insurrection within the limits of the United
States, or during rebellion within the limits of the
States maintaining adhesion to the national Gov-
ernment, when the public danger requives its exer-
cise. Tho first of these may be called jurisdiction
under military law, and is found in acts of Congress
prescribing Rules and Articles of War, or other-
wise providing for the government of the national
forces: the second may be distinguished as military
government, superseding as far as may be deemed
expedient the local law. and exercised by tho mili-
tary commander under tho direction of the President,
with the express or implied sanction of Congress;
while the third may be denominated martial law
proper, and is called into action by Congress, or tem-
porarily when the action of Congress cannot be in-
vited, and in tho ease of justifying or excusing peri!,
by the President in times of insurrection or invasion
or of civil or foreign war, within districts or locali-
ties whero ordinary law no longer adequately secures
public safety and private rights."
It will be observed that of the three kinds of
military jurisdiction which can be exercised or
created under our Constitution there is but one
that can prevail in time of peace, and that is
the code of laws enacted by Congress for the
government of the national forces. That body
of military law has no application to the citizen,-
nor even to the citizen soldier enrolled in the
militia in time of peace. But this bill is not a
