1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
years—to be entirely closed by ice fo.r a period
of at least four weeks. Is this a trifling con-
sideration? Why, sir, I need not dwell upon
it to the Senate.1 A navy-yard which you can-
not approach by water and which you cannot
leave by water for one tenth of the entire year
is utterly worthless for the purposes of a navy-
yard. That I think is a pqsition which cannot
be denied. Will the Senator from New Jersey
deny the fact ? Will he say that the present is
an extraordinary winter? Well, sir, the winter
when this bill was discussed before was an
extraordinary winter, and the very same, fact
occurred. I stated then, and without denial
by my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
at that time, that the Delaware river was frozen
up, and people were crossing on the ice with
heavy teams at this very point where you pro-
pose to have a.navy-yard, where your vessels
shall be always on the alert and ready at the
least threatening of war, in at least two weeks
at the longest time, to be able to defend New
York; for it only takes the British or French
Government two weeks to send vessels to New
York. Is it an unsupposable ease that in case
of war our iron-clads might be looked up for
six weeks at League Island, while France and
England concentrate their whole naval force
upon New York'/ Will anybody say that is
impossible? It could have been done this very
winter, or else the Philadelphia papers arc
edited by men who are utterly untruthful with
regard to the state of the river. They say so
themselves.
It seems to me that when I state these facts
to the Senate, it ought not to be replied to rne
that the facts are worthless and should have
no weight because I happen to live in Con-
necticut and New London wants a navy-yard.
Admit it; suppose it were so ; does that alter
the character of the fact that the Delaware
river for six weeks during the last winter has
been entirely inaccessible at League Island for
any species of craft that needs water to carry
it? There might bo possibly an invention of
an ice-boat that I see has been used in western
waters that might reach it, but there is no other
mode except by land.
That, thou, is the character of this locution
with regard to iee and accessibility by water in
the winter season. If you say that this will
only happen once 111 ten years or once in forty
years wo all know how uncertain are such
averages. You may form a general average
which will answer for a series of centuries, and
say that such a thing happens only onco in ton
years; but the ten years may bo consecutive.
A thing may happen for ten consecutive years
and not again happen for a century ; though I
do not believe there has been a decade in this
century—there has certainly not been since
my recollection, for 1 have had some occasion
to know the fact myself—that Philadelphia has
not been ice-locked m this manner.
lint then, when the river is open and you
have water, you need a certain amount, of
water. You must have depth. Now, I state
to the Senate and to the country that the deptli
of water in the Delaware river, although not
quite as insufliciont as it would be in the Con-
necticut river, is utterly insufficient; there is
not water enough. This "munificent gift"
which the Senator insists on our accepting will
be utterly valueless after we have expended all
our money upon it for the purpose of a navy-
yard for want of water, the very first essential.
Let us see what the depth of water is. Mr.
Fox—I beg pardon ; I do not know whether
Mr. Fox is the writer or not—but the writer of
this pamphlet says:
"Wo are invitod to go to Now London and build
up a straight open harbor with deep water."
He makes depth of water an objection. I
think he must have seen 110 objection of that
kind to be raised to League Island, as it is to
• New London. True enough it is ; and if that
is an objection we admit it; we have deep
water. The haibor of New London has an
average depth of forty feet of w ater. Why does
Mr. Fox make this objection? Simply because
New London has it and League Island has it
not. Let me read to the Senate what the nav^l
commission, speaking on this subject of deep
water, and also the depth of water required by
armor-clad ships, not only the English and
jFrench, but our own, say, and see whether
when we have accepted this "munificent gift,"
and laid out three millions of moneyupon it at
the least calculation, we have got anything of
any kind of value. I call the attention of the
Senate to this point. The Naval Committee
of the House of Eepresentatives say:
"Depth of Water.—Of a similar nature to the fore-
going is the objection on account of the inadequate
depth of water. This is very obvious upon a careful
examination of the soundings, as indicated by the
charts prepared by the Coast Survey. Opposite Hog
Island, and just below League Island, the channel is
very narrow, and shoals to a depth of but eighteen
feet at its doepest point at mean low tido. No ves-
sel drawing more than eighteen feet can pass this
point without waiting fora rise of tide. Near Ch erry
flats, and opposite Wilmington, the channel draws
but nineteen and a half feet,. Below Newcastle, and
in the neighborhood of the Pea Patch Islands, the
channel has shifted from the east to tho west side of
the island, and in as many as three plaeesshoals to
nineteen and ahalf foet. Twenty-five to thirty mi lea
below Newcastle it again shoals to twenty-one feet.
The committee regard this as an almost insuperable
objection to tho Delaware for a ^rcat naval station.
" Wo aro upon tho threshold of a now era in naval
architecture. No one can tell what tho exigencies
of the coming years may call for in the size and
dranghfcof our navalvossels. Theboastediron-clads
of England, tho Minotaur, tho Aginoourt.the North-
umberland, and Black Warrior, draw twenty-five
feet six iuches, Tho French LaGloire, Normandy,
and others nearly twenty-six foot. And those Pow-
ers aro now deepening their docks and constructing
new ones for tho purpose of receiving vessels draw-
ins twonty-six foot of water.
In this connection, the statement of ouo of the first
naval constructors of tho Government, Mr. Delano,
of the Brooklyn yard, was laid before us: 'That it
was indispensable, to make any naval station first-
class, tg have a dopth of at least twenty-fivo foet of
water at low tide.*
" Vour eommittoeeannot bolieve iteonsistont with
a prudent rogard to the future efficiency of the Navy
to establish for nil timo tho groat navai yard and
depot of tho country at a point to which vossels of a
greater draught than eighteen feet, cannot get, and
from which they could not got to sea except in cor-
^ai 11. stages of the tide. And tho nation might find
reason to regret tho acceptance of tho 'munificent
gift' in ease ;i licet: chased by a superior force of the
onomy should bo unable to roach its rendezvous in
the Delaware, or to put to sea from theneo at sboi t
notice, when its presence might bo necessary at any
poiutthreatened."
Donald McKay, the eminent ship-builder of
Boston, says on this subject of deep water :
" If we aro going to compete with Franco and Eng-
land for a sea-going iron-cased fleet, we must have
vessels to draw from twenty-four to twenty-six feet
of water at least. The naval ports of France and
Hngland are not limitod in draft of water, and their
docks aro now beins altered and new ones con-
structed to l-eeoivo these iron-cased vessels, which
draw twenty-flvo to twenty-soven feet."
You see it stated, therefore, by this commis-
sion that an objection exists to League Island,
as I have already intimated, 011 account of the
inadequate depth of tho water. They stated
that there is but eighteen feet of water at the
deepest point just below League Island at mean
low tide ; that opposite Wilmington the chan-
nel has but nineteen and a half feet; that
below Newcastle the channel has shifted from
the east to the west side of the island, and in
as many as three places shoals to nineteen and
a half i'eet. 3 call the attention of the Senate
particularly to the statement of'Mr. Delano,
one of the constructors at the Brooklyn navy-
yard, that "it was indispensable to make any
naval station first class to havo & depth of at
least twenty-five feet of water at low tide."
What, Senators, aro you doing? For what are
you acting? For to-day, for last year, for the
last century, or for the future? A new era
has opened in naval architecture and in naval
defense, and we are acting for all time. What
is the French Government doing? What is
tho draught of water of the English armor-
plated ships? Here is a list of some of those
vessels:
Drmighi.
Feet. In.
Black Prince  26 Si
Royal Oak 25 lOi
Caledonia   25 10s
Ocean     25 10.
Minotaur   -25 8
Achilles   16 .v«
Royal Alfred    25 10^
Agineoart 25 8
Northumberland 25 8
Others have been built within the last two years,
namely:.
Draught.
Feet. In.
Zealous  26 60
Lord Uyde 26 6
Lord W arden  10 6
Bellerophon.      26 00
Hercules      26 00
Turkestan (tor the Turkish Government;  2b 00
Here are the names and draught of some of the iron-
clad ships of France.
Mean Draught.
Feet. In.
Magenta  26 00
SolFerino  26 00
Couronno      25 00
LaGloire  25 6
Invinciblo  25 6
Normandie  26 00
Flandre  25 00
Gauloiso  25 00
Guyenne  25 00
Heroine    25 00
Magnanimo  25 00
Provence  25 00
Revanche    25 00
Savole ,  25 00
Survoillante  25 00
Valeureuse  25 00
I admit that our iron-clads will be perfectly
defensible from attack if you desire to place
them where the English and French iron-clads
cannot reach them. You have that place of
perfect secui ity at League Island. Place them
there and no jhips which draw over eighteen
feet of water can ever approach them. If the
security of the vessels themselves is desired by
the Senate, then I agree that League Island is
a well-chosen place. League Island will be
perfectly secure from attack on all sides except
by laud. Noshipscan ever reach our iron-claas
there. The La Gloire, the Boyal Oak, the
Minotaur, tho Agineourt, and the Northum-
bei'land may cross the ocean in vain ; wo have
no fears; we have our iron-clad vessels safe
from all their attacks. That will be assured.
Now, one word as to the defensibility of the
point where they are located. It is said that
wc cannot defend them at New London. I
had supposed that they were to defend them-
selves, and uot only themselves, but the whole
country; bat it seems that they must be in a
defensible position. W«hy, sir, what aro they
for, what are we laying out this vast expense
for iron-clads for, if they need to be defended ?
If that is the case we had better surcease from
building them altogether. Itakeit, " the blood
of Douglass can defend itself;" the iron-clads
can at least defend themselves. If they cannot,
New York and Philadelphia are liable at any
day to be laid waste. Suppose you have a fleet
of iron-clads at New London, and a fleet of
iron-clads approaches them from England, and
the cry is raised throughout the country that
they are not defensible, they must have forts,
they must have fortifications to defend them
against the British attack, are they to lie there
helpless ? I think they are not to lie there to
bo bombarded by the British iron-elads, but
they are to sally out and commence the attack
themselves, to traverse our whole coast. That
is their duty, not to lie there to be defended.
I look to them as our defense, not as the ob-
ject of defense. So much on that point.
Sir, it is almost incredible—if I had not seen
I could not believe it—that Senators should
stand here and urge us to accept as a naval
station for iron-elads a place which all the
testimony goes to show, and nobody contradicts
it, has at low water at certain times but
eighteen feet of water, and at the most nine-
teen feet, when your iron vessels draw from
twenty-five to thirty feet. I have no doubt
that g'reat improvements will be made in iron-
elads hereafter, that they will be made much
larger and require much more water, enough,
I have no doubt, to test the whole depth of
water at Now London. I think the time will
come when you will need forty feet, perhaps
fifty feci, f do not know how high the draught
may go. The Senator from Now Jersey smiles. •
He may think me extravagant in stating the
draught of water by large vessels. They will
require at least twenty-six feet, and that is
enough for my purpose to-day to show that
this place that is now proposed to be taken is
