1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
adhered to. I am thoroughly convinced that
any settlement or compromise or plan of action
which is inconsistent with the principles of
the Constitution will not only be unavailing,
but mischievous; that it will but multiply the
present evils instead of removing them. The
Constitution, in its whole integrity and vigor,
throughout the length and breadth of the land,
is the best of all compromises. Besides, our
duty does not, in my judgment, leave us a choice
between that and any other. I believe that it
contains the remedy that is so much needed,
and that if the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment would unite upon its provisions they
would be found broad enough and strong enough
to sustain in time of peace the nation which they
bore safely through the ordeal of a protracted
civil war. Among the most sacred guarantees
of that instrument are those which declare that
"each State shall have at least one Represent-
ative, "and that'' no State, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate." Each House is made the "judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members," and may, ''with the concur-
rence of two thirds, expel a member." Thus,
as heretofore urged—
" In the admission of Senators and Representatives
from any and all of the States there can be no just
ground of apprehension that persons who are disloyal
will be clothed with the powers of legislation, for this
could not happen when the Constitution and laws are
entorced by a vigilant and faithful Congress." *
* * * " When a Senator or Representative
presents his certificate of election, he may at once be
admitted orrejected; or, should there be any question
as to liis eligibility, his credentials may be referred
for investigation to the appropriate committee. If
admitted to a seat, it must be upon evidence satisfac-
tory to the House of which he thus becomes a mem-
ber, that he possesses the requisite constitutional and
legal qualifications. If refused admission as a mem-
ber for want of due allegiance to the Government,
and returned to his constituents, they are admonished
that none but persons loyal to the United States will
be allowed a voice in the legislative councils of the
nation, and the political power and moral influence
of Congress are thus effectively exerted in the inter-
ests of loyalty to the Government and fidelity to the
Union."
And is it not far better that the work of res-
toration should be accomplished by simple
compliance with the plain requirements of the
Constitution than by a recourse to measures
which in effect destroy the States, and threaten
the subversion of the General Government?
All that is necessary to settle this simple but
important question, without further agitation
or delay, is a willingness on the part of all to
sustain the Constitution and carry its pro-
visions into practical operation. If to-morrow
either branch of Congress would declare that,
upon the presentation of their credentials,
members constitutionally elected and loyal to
the General Government would be admitted
to seats in Congress, while all others would be
excluded, and their places remain vacant until
the selection by the people of loyal and qual-
ified persons; and if, at the same time, assur-
ance were given that this policy would be con-
tinued until all the States were represented in
Congress, it would send a thrill of joy through-
out the entire land, as indicating the inaugu-
ration of a system which must speedily bring
tranquillity to the public mind.
While we are legislating upon subjects which
are of great importance to the whole people,
and which must affect, all parts of the country,
not only during the life of the present gen-
eration, but for ages to come, we should re-
member that all men are entitled at least to a
hearing in the councils which decide upon the
destiny of themselves and their children. At
present ten States are denied representation,
and when the Fortieth Congress assembles on
the 4th day of the present month, sixteen
States will be without a voiee in the House of
Representatives. This grave fact, with the
important questions before us, should induce
us to pause in a course of legislation which,
looking solely to the attainment of political
ends, fails to consider the rights it transgresses,
the law which it violates, or the institutions
which it imperils.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 2,-1867.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
is now to be reconsidered by the Senate ac-
cording to the provisions of the Constitution;
and the question is, Shall the bill pass, the
objections of the President of the United States
to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, while doing,
as I sincerely do, full justice to the motives of
the President in refusing to sign the bill now
befoi® us, I cannot but regret that he felt him-
self compelled by a sense of duty to come to
that conclusion, and I also regret the tone
which his message in several portions of it
assumes. It contains, as I think, some legal
propositions which are unsound, and many
errors of reasoning which upon examination
will be found apparent. And above all do I
lament the course he has thought it his duty to
pursue, because I see, as I believe, that it may
result in continued turmoil and peril, not only
to the South, but to the entire country. I
rise, therefore, for the purpose of stating very
briefly, in addition to the reasons which I
assigned when the bill was formerly before us,
why I cast the vote which I then gave, and why
I shall give the same vote now. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order
will be observed in the galleries, or they will be
cleared
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope it will not for a
moment be supposed by those whom I am ad-
dressing that 1 am now governed, or was gov-
erned before, by any desire or expectation of
popular applause. My motives, if I know my-
self, were and are pure and patriotic. I see
before me a distressed, a desolated country,
and in the measure before you I think I see
the means through which it may be rescued
and restored ere long to prosperity and a health-
ful condition, and the free institutions of our
country preserved.
Mr. President, I have reached that period
of life when I can have no other ambition than
that of serving my country. During the whole
period of our troubles I have hoped and be-
lieved that the war would terminate success-
fully, and that that accomplished, our forms of
Government as devised by our fathers would
be even the more firmly established, securing
to the States all the powers they possessed
without dispute before the war, and which
they thought, as I think, cannot be exercised
at all by the General Government, and secur-
ing to that Government the powers granted it,
which the States are equally incompetent to
discharge. But we are now, though the war
has successfully terminated, in a condition
which fills every reflecting man with anxiety.
Without examining the motives of our brethren
in the South in attempting to dissever our
Union and to establish a confederacy of their
own, it is sufficient to say that in my opinion
if they had succeeded the cause of constitu-
tional liberty would for years, if not forever,
have terminated.
The effort, thank God, has failed. The power
of the Government under the providence of
God has proved able to arrest and defeat it,
and the South now, as I believe, is willing in
good faith and anxious to abide by the result.
The question to be decided is and has been
from the period of the war's termination, how
is the Government to be restored to its original
integrity, and the States, as vital to that integ-
rity, to be restored to their former constitu-
tional condition? The opinion entertained by
me during the war, and since—often expressed
in the Senate ana upon other suitable occa-
sions—ia that the moment the insurrection was
suppressed the States where it prevailed re-
mained in the Union with all the rights and
obligations before belonging to them, and that
the General Government had no power to limit
these in any way whatever ; that the authority
to change their government belongs exclusively
to their own people, subject only to the restric-
tions expressed or implied of the Constitution
of the General Government; that this freedom
from control is applicable to every department
of that Government. In my view, therefore,
they were and are as entirely without the juris-
diction of the Executive as of Congress. The
authority delegated to Congress to preserve our
institutions, State and Federal, by suppressing
insurrections aimed at their existence cannot
be even tortured with any show of plausibility
into an authority to destroy them.
I consequently think that no terms can be
exacted, either by the President or by Congress,
as conditions to be performed before they are
entitled to representation in the Senate and
House of Representatives. And in nothing
that I have ever said or written upon the sub-
ject .have I attempted to justify upon constitu-
tional grounds the authority of the Executive
to enforce conditions upon the States as pre-
liminary to their right of representation. The
ground upon which I have maintained and do
maintain the constitutionality of the present
State governments of the South is that the
people of such States have, since they were
exacted, complied with them and framed their
constitutions accordingly. The late and the
now President took a different view. They
both seem to have supposed that these States
were not within the Union so as to be entitled
to representation in Congress until they should
comply with such conditions as they might
stipulate, and that they had the authority, with-
out the sanction of Congress, to require such
conditions.
In my judgment, in this they were right in
part, but not in the whole. They were right
in holding that the States are entitled to rep-
resentation ; but not because they had the au-
thority to impose the conditions which they
exacted, but because the people had adopted
them. It is unnecessary, on this occasion, to
state what those conditions were. In my opin-
ion they were as unconstitutional as are to be
found in the present bill. Congress, however,
from the first has been of opinion, as their
conduct shows, that notwithstanding the peo-
ple of these States fulfilled these presidential
conditions, they were not restored to the right
of representation until Congress should so
declare, and this, as manifested in the recent
congressional elections, is to be esteemed the
present judgment of the country. This being
so, how are the States to be restored? It can
only be done in fact upon their submitting to
the conditions which Congress may require.
Failing to do so, they must remain in the con-
dition in which they are, liable to taxation
without representation, and to be governed,
not only without, but against their will.
I impute no improper motives either to Con-
gress or to the Executive, the past or the pres-
ent. I accord purity of purpose and patriotic
designs to both; but with all becoming respect
I differ in opinion from both. I seek, how-
ever, as vital to the prosperity of the country,
if not to the continuing existence of our insti-
tutions, the complete restoration of the Union;
and I now see no way of accomplishing it but
by the adoption of the measure on your table.
Mr. President, we are now, in my opinion,
by the course which Congress deems it its duty
to pursue, (though very much to my regret) in
a state of quasi war. Our condition is virtu-
ally revolutionary. Ten States are held and
treated as conquered provinces, and they are
so held and treated as in the judgment of the
dominant party being enemies of the Union
and of the Government. This condition of
things is full of peril to all we should hold dear.
It must be arrested, or our Government will
sooner or later be destroyed. So thinking,
were I to hesitate a moment longer to give my
sanction to a measure which promises, as I
believe the one upon your table does, to ter-
minate it, I should be false to the true interest,
honor, and very safety of the nation. We are
told in the message before you (and quotations
from a recent decision of the Supreme Court
are given in support of the opinion) that such
military force as this bill provides cannot be
constitutionally resorted to. the war having ter-
minated. As a question of law I concur in
that opinion. But if that question should be
presented to that court hereafter, when will it
