1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
consider the war terminated ? It may hold that
to be a political question, to be decided ex-
clusively by the political department of the
Government, by Congress, to whom is alone
intrusted the power to declare war and to sup-
press insurrections. I am therefore not pre-
pared to say that that high tribunal would rule
this bill to be unconstitutional, although they
may think as men that the war is at an end in
fact, and on that account regret this legislation.
But neither upon that ground<"nor upon any
other is it more obnoxious to constitutional
objection than are the civil rights and Freed-
men's Bureau bills. These, both of them, sub-
ject the southern States to military power as
effectually in all respects as the one before us.
And the President (as I think he was in duty
bound to do) from the first has enforced them.
Indeed, the bill in question does not differ at
all from those referred to, except in a particu-
lar which renders it in my opinion much less
objectionable. They established over the
South military rule alone, providing no means
for its cessation, while this does provide means
calculated and intended to reinstate the South
as States entitled to the same rights as the other
States. When that is done there is of course
an end to military rule by Congress.
And, Mr. President, the light in which I view
this bill, and which led me to sanction it, I am
glad, though not surprised, to find is the light in
which it is viewed by most of the reflecting and
intelligent men of the South. I collect this from
a portion of their public press, but more espe-
cially from communications made to me in re-
gard to it by very many of the leading men of
that section since I gave it my support. They
tell me it is their purpose to organize under
the bill. They are taking lessons from expe-
rience. The constitutional amendment hereto-
fore proposed to them, if they had adopted it,
would I firmly believe before this have given
them representation in Congress. Of that JL had
no doubt, but they rejected it, and now to adopt
it would not have that result. The bill which
passed the Senate, if it had not been altered in
the other branch, would have accomplished the
same end upon terms less exacting than ttafcse
which were incorporated into it by the House
of Representatives. To these alterations the
Senate, though evidently with reluctance, gave
their assent rather than abandon the measure
altogether. I concurred in that assent, and
why ? Because I then believed, indeed thought
I knew, and as I now know, that the bill failing,
one of a much more harsh and unjust character
would be adopted, one founded upon the hypoth-
esis that the people of the South were to be
esteemed legally as conquered enemies, and
their land and other property on that account
as liable to confiscation and forfeiture.
Acting upon this theory, I believed, unless
the South was restored to the Union, laws of
confiscation would be passed, and in such a
form that I did not know, nor do I now know
with anything like an assured conviction, what
would be the judgment of the Supreme Court
upon their constitutionality when the question
should be brought before it. I did, however,
know that it could not be so brought without
considerable delay, and that in the mean time
with such a cloud over their titles the owners
would not be able to obtain credit which they
now so much need to develop their industry, by
mortgaging their lands or otherwise. And in
this state of things, although the laws might
hereafter be declared invalid, the result would
in many cases, if not in all cases, be total ruin ;
and if eventually the constitutionality of the
laws should be adjudged, the entire southern
region would be surrendered to a colored
population, the whites, our fellow-citizens, and
who are now anxious to be with us again, be
driven from their homes, made exiles in their
native land. Under this impression no mere
pride of opinion could I suffer to restrain me
a moment in supporting a measure which I
believed might avert so dreadful a calamity.
Something to prevent it must be done. Party
with sne can have no influence when the safety
of the country requires in my judgment that
it be disregarded. If I know myself, and in
this respect I think I do, I should hang my
head in very shame if for the sake of mere
party success I refused to give a vote in sup-
port of any measure which I believed involved
the safety of the country.
Mr. President, I seek the restoration of the
Union as it was prior to the insurrection. This
I believe can be attained if the southern States
will organize under this bill, and if it is faith-
fully carried out by the President, and that I
have no doubt he will do, if it becomes a law.
When this is effected, and they are again with
us, I believe that all the restrictions now pro-
posed and which are so obnoxious in my judg-
ment, and so unnecessary and so unjust to the
best men of the South, will in a very short
period be removed. And then, as of old,
during the struggles of the Revolution, the
wars of 1812 and 1846, we shall be found
united as a band of brothers, in council, on
the ocean, and on the field, seeking with equal
zeal, valor, and patriotism to maintain the
Government bequeathed to us by our fathers,
to promote the national prosperity, and to up-
hold the rights and vindicate the national
honor; starting upon a career even more pros-
perous than we have enjoyed in the past, and
challenging more than ever the wonder and
admiration of the world. Contenting myself,
therefore, with what I have now said, reserv-
ing for a future occasion a more extended
examination of the subject, I shall do as I did
before, cast my vote in favor of the bill, the
objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
not my intention to enter in any discussion of
the principles involved in the bill which the
President of the United States in his wisdom
has vetoed, nor to consider the reasoning that
he has offered to Congress in support of that
veto. I approve the exercise by him of his
power of vetoing the most iniquitous bill that
ever was presented to the Federal Congress.
But, sir, the occasion is too solemn, it may be
too momentous in its consequences, for me to
allow myself any extended remarks. When
constitutional liberty, when free government is
to be hopelessly struck down in the Senate
Chamber of the nation, let the votaries of the
one and the admirers of the other maintain a
sorrowful silence. I cannot, however, refrain
from the expression of the hope that there is
no man, and that .there maybe no man within
the limits of these ten States, who will partic-
ipate in his own disgrace, degradation, and
ruin : let them maintain their honor. If all
be lost, honor may yet remain. Let them be
peaceable and quiet, and rest assured that
although judgment and reason may have fled
the land for a moment, it will return again. If
it does not, if there be wrath in the vials of
the Almighty, if there be arrows of vengeance
in His quiver, such iniquity and injustice can-
not finally prove successful.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do not
intend to discuss the veto or the bill, but to say
that my judgment against the measure has
been fortified and strengthened by that able doc-
ument. I do not quite agree, however, with
my friend from Delaware, who has just taken
his seat, that at once and without consideration
the people of the South, to maintain their
honor, must turn their backs upon the proposi-
tion now made to them. I thought last year
there were one or two of the provisions of the
constitutional amendment which made it almost
impossible for the people of the South to agree
to it. I did not see how one portion of the
men who engaged in the rebellion, that they
themselves might be relieved from its responsi-
bilities, could accept a proposition which left
under disabilities others who went with them,
and who were no more guilty than themselves.
To have accepted of the constitutional amend-
ment would have been their own voluntary act;
but now, sir, in my judgment, the case upon
the passage of this bill will be much changed.
An army is to be sent into all the States lately
ia rebellion, aad yet unrepresented, and in the
j[ presence of this army, and under the govern-
■ ment of arms-, the people of the Somh havo
a proposition made to them; and if tliev ac-
cept it, although it may be hard and unjust
toward many, yet it is accented under such cir-
cumstances as do not involve the personal dis-
honor of the men who agree to it ; for that
which is asreed to under duress cannot be
regarded as bringing dishonor.
The passage of this bill will present to the
people of the South a subject for the gimvest
consideration. The Constitution, so far as it
extends over those States, for the time being
is set aside; the guarantees of that instrument
no longer afford them protection ; pd in the
stead of that form of civil government which
the Constitution was intended to secure to them
is established over them a military government
in every respect most despotic, and it is now
for them to decide not whether voluntarily they
would have accepted terms which they regarded
as dishonoring to them, but whether a system
of government unknown to this country, most
terrible in its power and most dangerous to
personal security, shall become permanent over
them, or whether they shall accept what per-
haps is inevitable; I speak of negro suffrage.
I have no advice to give to them. It is not my
right to do so. But upon the passage of this
bill I would not say to them without reflection,
in a spirit of passion, they shall turn their backs
upon it.
I hope, Mr. President, that the people of
the South will regard their present condition
and the condition in which they will find them-
selves upon the passage of this bill uninflu-
enced on their part by passion, and will bring
[ to the consideration of the subject the coolest
! judgment and the highest patriotism.
' I do not agree with the Senator from Mary-
land in much that he said. I cannot encourage
myself with the hope that from a measure like
this we may expect the restoration of our in-
stitutions as our fathers founded them. I can-
not indulge in the hope that "from the ashes"
of our institutions their genius will again rise
and
i "Soar, pheenix-Hke, to Jove."
I do not hope it, for I cannot believe that from
the womb of despotism and military govern-
ment there can spring liberty and life and per-
sonal security.
There was devolved upon the majority when
this Congress met a grave responsibility; it
was to present some practicable, wise system
for the restoration of our public affairs. I am
sorry that a better measure than this has not
been devised, one that we could all rejoice
upon its adoption.
I do not intend to answer the argument of
the Senator from Maryland. Much of his
opinion in regard to the measure was shown
by his first vote in opposition to it; he felt
himself, however, required upon a considera-
tion of the condition of the country to support
the amendment that came from the House. I
could not see how the President of the United
States could approve this bill. It seemed to
me to be framed with a view to make it im-
possible for him to approve it. It had a pre-
amble which the President has often over and
over again in his communications to Congress
said he did not believe; and its last section,
which the Senator from Maryland voted for
when it came from the House, expressed the
doctrine that the State governments of the
South were provisional, temporary, and in
every respect under the control and super-
vision of the Congress and Government of the
United States—a doctrine which the President
in almost every communication upon the sub-
ject which he has made to Congress has repu-
diated and rejected : and it was hardly by any
one to be expected that he could sign the bill
after that section became a part of it. I have
believed that the President upon these ques-
tions was in the right, that when peace was
restored again to the land the Congress of the
i United States ought to stand upon the pledge
i that it made to the country, to the Army, and
i to the world in 1661, that when the suprem-
