1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
unapproachable and inaccessible by iron-clads
of the largest size now known.
I am compelled to be very desultory in my
remarks. I find on looking over these pam-
phlets some other testimony on subjects to
which I have alluded, and to which I will
return with the permission of the Senate ; and
first, with regard to this question t>f the ice in
the Delaware river: I wish the Senate to be
kind enough to listen to a letter from Mr.
Kneass, a civil engineer of Philadelphia, and
also a letter from Admiral Gregory, from
which some information can be obtained on
this subject.
"In addition to the objections already considered
is the damage and obstruction to navigation occa-
sioned by ice, fast and floating, in the winter season,
which, according to statements submitted to theeom-
mittce, is a very formidable if not insuperable ob-
jection to the Delaware." * * * * "And
while the committee were investigating this subject
the United States gunboat Galena, ordered to join
Admiral Farragut's fleet, in getting to sea from Phil-
adelphia, was so badly injured by the ice that she
was towed to Baltimore, where she was detained a
month for repairs, which cost the Government sev-
eral thousand dollars, and her voyage broken up at
a time when her services were greatly needed by the
country. It was also shown that the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company had caused a survey to be made
of League Island, with a view to adopting it as their
depot for coal, and that it was finally abandoned after
a report of their engineer, an extract from which the
committee herewith submit as of very high authority:
"'I trust that it may not be considered as over-
stepping the limits of the question intrusted to me
if a few remarks bearing upon the navigation of the
riverduring thewinter season bepresentedas apoint
of great moment in comparing the sites at League
Island with the Point House, and those immediately
above it.
"' You will perceive that the face of League Island
is subjected to the full force of the flood-tide from
the long reach in the river, extending southwest-
wardly, the effect of which has been, as represented
by the statements of those most familiar with our
river, and its winds, currents, and bars, to pile up
the drifting ice upon the entire shore-line; and, in-
deed, I have before me evidence to the effect that in
all times of obstruction by ice vessels can be brought
with much less difficulty through the Horse Shoe
channel than to League Island. It may be stated that
an ice-guard could be constructed that would relieve
the front from the drifting ice of the flood-tide, but
the effect of such breakwater would be to cause de-
posits within the surface affected, thussubjeetingyou
to a continued and heavy expenditure for dredging.
" ' STRICKLAND KNEASS, Oivil Engineer.'"
Here is the letter of Admiral Gregory on the
same subject:
New York, January 31,1863.
Sir: In answer to your inquiries respecting the
preference of New London for anaval depot to other
positions contemplated, I have to say that having
seen the report of the board of officers who recently
investigated the subject. I fully agree in the conclu-
sion they ariived at, ami from an experience of fifty-
four years in the service, during which time I have
had many opportunities of gaining a knowledge of
such matters, I am of the opinion that New London
is a proper and eligible position for the purpose. In
1843, fitting out the frigate R.iritan, at Philadelphia,
I was obliged to leave there on the 1st of December,
and bring the ship to New York on account of ice, at
great hazard, which nearly occasioned the loss of the
ship.
I am, with respect, your obedient servant,
F. H. GREGORY.
John R. Bolles, Esq., Washington.
That is testimony of the very highest im-
portance with regard to the danger of vessels
from ice. I have a vast amount of other testi-
mony on the subject. I have contemporaneous
testimony. I have the statements from the
Philadelphia papers, and I can show conclu-
sively that for a large portion of every severe
winter that position is inaccessible on account
of ice, and not only inaccessible, but the ves-
sels themselves are exposed to very great dan-
ger from the breaking up of the ice.
Now, sir, if it has been conclusively shown
that a very large sum of money must be ex-
pended upon this place to make it of such a
character that it will sustain large and heavy
structures and be fit for a navy-yard ; and if it
has also been shown that after this money has
been expended the place itself is unfit on ac-
count of the danger to which vessels would be
exposed there from ice, and their disability
either to reach or leave the place on account
of the ice ; and, in addition to that, that at the
very best of times, when thechannel is entirely
unobstructed by ice, there is not a suffioient
amount of water for the purposes required, it
might seem that the case was closed, and that
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 82.
it would be utterly useless to ask a body like
this, the Senate of the United States, legis-
lating for the whole country, to locate an iron-
clad navy at that position for the purpose of
doing some favor or advantage to the people
living in the neighborhood. I do not under-
stand that Philadelphia sets up any very great
claim on account of loyalty or anything else in
regard to character; but if she does, it would
be far better for this country if Philadelphia
would send in her bill on that subject, and that
it should be paid, even if it should amount*
to five or ten millions dollars. Philadelphia
asks nothing of that-sort. I do not believe that
the high-minded people of Philadelphia wish
this spot to be selected, unless it is the best
spot for the purpose in the United States. No
doubt they would be gratified if the Senate of
the United States should come to the conclu-
sion that it is the best spot. I do not charge
that anybody is here asking favors of the Gov-
ernment. They implore us to accept a gift;
but I think we had better decline such- a gift,
and not accept it.
But. sir, the point, and the only point for
the Senate seriously to consider is, whether
this should be the chosen spot. To decide
upon that question requires careful examina-
tion, requires time, requires that all the sur-
rounding circumstances should be considered;
that we should know whether the spot when we
get it is desirable; whether it is a fit place for
human residence. The Senator from Iowa
told us in the debate some years ago that he
inquired of some of the residents there and
they told him it was healthy.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no ; I did not say so.
Mr. DlXOiM. I well remember that the Sen-
ator told us some four years ago that when he
was upon this spot he inquired of some of the
residents, and they said it was a healthy place.
Sir, did you ever know a spot on the face of
the globe, however pestilential or malignant
the malaria might be, the inhabitants of which
did not claim that it was the best on the face
of the earth in regard to health.
Mr. GRIMES. I never said that.
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps it was the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] but I think
the Senator from Iowa is mistaken in his recol-
lection. I think the Globe will show that the
Senator has forgotten his remarks. It is of no
importance whether it is so or not; but my
recollection is that he told us that when he was
on the ground he inquired of the people there,
and they told him it was healthy.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken.
I did not say that I made any such inquiry,
although I believe the fact to be so, that it is
healthy.
Mr. DIXON. Some Senator, and I think
it was the Senator from Iowa, said that when
he visited this place and saw the inhabitants
who live in the seven houses that are erected
on that island, within two miles of Philadelphia,
with cellars, surrounded by eight or ten trees,
they told him that it was a healthy location. I
remember that at the time I was struck with
the remark, and thought it not strange that
the people should say so. In the first place,
they knew that the illustrious individual that
was addressing them was a Senator of the
United States; that he was there on that mis-
sion of mercy to them, to locate, if possible, an
iron-clad navy in that neighborhood. Is it to
be supposed that they would tell him that it
was unfit for human beings to live in, and that
they lived there because dire necessity com-
pelled them to do so? No, sir; they said it
was a healthy spot, just as the people of all
countries, however pestilential, however sickly,
consider themselves the favored people of
Heaven in regard to location. It is one of the
evidences of the kindness of Divine Providence
that every man is pretty _ well suited to the
plaoe where he is. But, sir, the fact is shown
that it cannot be a healthy location, whatever
may be the testimony of the inhabitants, from
its formation, from its character, and it is
shown by the fact that it is shunned, as I have
already said, by the people of Philadelphia.
They do not live there. It cannot be healthy
for any but amphibious animals. For them
undoubtedly it is, but for human beings who
need a dry, upland soil, and are not so consti-
tuted as to grow healthy upon miasma, it can-
not be a desirable place.
But, sir, I do not consider that by any means
the greatest objection to it. That might in a
certain degree be obviated. The objections are
of a higher character. They are objections
which cannot be obviated. I do not say that
the United States, by the expenditure of mil-
lions of dollars, could not elevate that soil so
that it might become comparatively healthy. I
think very doubtful whether, after a great ex-
pense had been laid outin piling, thesoil might
not prove to be of such a character as to fur-
nish a very imperfect foundation after all. But
suppose it could be; the difficulties in the way
of your acceptance of this island for the pur-
pose intended are of a character which cannot
be obviated by any expense or degree of labor.
Yon cannot dredge out the channel of that
river and make it sufficient in depth. Nature
forbids it. You cannot obviate the difficulty of
ice in the winter. That is an impossibility.
Nature forbids that. There are those two de-
fects which utterly forbid, as it seems to me,
the decision of the Senate at this time of bind-
ing force upon the acceptance of this position.
Now, then, what is proposed? I do not ask
the Senate at this moment even to consider the
question whether New London shall be ac-
cepted. I might do so. I might, I think,
make out so strong a case for New London
that if the Senate were really to apply their
minds to that question and decide it they
would decide in its favor. But I prefer to
defer that to some future period when it may
be necessary for us to decide it. I can then
show you—I have the means of showing you
here—that there is no obstacle in the way of
the selection of New London on account of
fresh water or on account of salt water which
cannot be obviated at very trifling expense.
An abundance of fresh water can be procured.
With regard to the water in which the vessels
shall lie, 1 have this to say: I do not think
that water of any description is very useful to
the iron with which a vessel is clad, whether
it be fresh or salt. Some effect is produced
undoubtedly upon iron by fresh water or by salt
water. It would be better, in my judgment,
and that is the opinion of experts, if the ves-
sels could be out of the water entirely, if they
could be raised in dry-docks, and not exposed
to the oxidation occasioned by the action of
the water; much less damage would be occa-
sioned than by the action of the water.
Every possible means that can be desired
of raising vessels out of the water and placing
them in a position where they would not be
subject to the action of the water on the iron
at all can be furnished at New London, as
the charts I have here show, and as the papers
before the Senate show. I have not the time
nor the strength to go into that question, nor
do I think it necessary, because, as I said,
that is not the question before the Senate. It
is not for the Senate to say to-day that New
London shall be the place, or even may pos-
sibly be the place. It is for the Senate to say,
if they say what I think they ought to say, that
this question shall be investigated; that every
point supposed to be favorable and desirable
shall be examined; that men capable of re-
porting upon it shall give their opinion of the
question to the Senate, although we might ask
that that should not be repeated, for it has
already been done. One commission have
decided against League Island. The Depart-
ment insist upon taking that place without
reference to that report, and utterly disregard-
ful of it. We say now, before the action of
the Department is made decisive and conclu-
sive on that .subject, give time for another
examination. I do not see how in acting on
this question as judges this body can come to
any other conclusion. It is utterly useless to
talk about the interest Connecticut may have
in the question or the interest of New Jersey
