1867.
!HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of shares alloted to each, which1 shall be done
and completed on the same day that the books
are closed; provided nothing shall be received
in payment of the tvrenty-five per cent, at the
time of subscribing except money. And when
the books of subscription to the capital stock
of said company shall be Closed the corpora-
tors named in the first section, or a majority
of them, and in case any of them refuse or
neglect to act, then a majority of the remainder,
shall, within twenty days thereafter, designate
a day for the choice of directors, of which pub-
lic notice shall be given for five days in two
public-newspapers published daily in the city of
Washington, or by written personal notice to
each stockholder by the clerk of the corpora-
tion ; and in all meetings of the stockholders
each share shall entitle the holder to one vote,
to be given in person or by proxy.
Section thirteen enacts that the government
and direction of the affairs of the company
shall be vested in a board of directors, seven
in number, who shall be stockholders, and who
stall hold their office for one year and till
others are duly elected and qualified to take
their places as directed ; and that the said di-
rectors (a majority of whom, the president
being one, shall be a quorum) shall elect one
of their number to be president of the board,
who shall also be president of the company,
and they also shall choose a treasurer, who
shall give bonds with surety to said company
in such sum as the said directors may require
for the faithful discharge of his trust. It fur-
ther directs that in case of a vacancy in the
board of directors by the death, resignation, or
otherwise, of any -director, the vacancy occa-
sioned thereby shall be filled by the remaining
directors.
Section fourteen provides that the directors
shall have full power to make and prescribe
such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they
shall deem needful and proper, touching the
disposition and management of the stock,
property, estate, and effects of the company,
not contrary to the charter or to the laws of
the United States.
Section fifteen provides that there shall be
an annual meeting of the stockholders for
choice of directors, to be holden at such time
and place, under such conditions, and upon
such notice as said company by their by-laws
may prescribe, aifd said directors shall, when
requested, make a report to the stockholders
and to Congress of their doings.
Section sixteen provides that the company
shall have at all times the free and uninter-
rupted use of their roadway, and if any person
or persons shall willfully and unnecessarily
obstruct or impede the passage on or over said
railway, or any part thereof, or shall injure or
destroy the car3, depot stations, or any prop-
erty belonging to said railway company, the
person or persons so offending shall forfeit and
pay for every such offense the sam of twenty
dollars to said company, and shall remain lia-
ble, in addition to the said penalty, for any
loss or damage occasioned by nis, her, or their
act, as aforesaid, but no suit shall be brought
unless commenced within sixty days after such
offense shall have been committed.
Section seventeen provides that the com-
pany shall make ana complete the railway
within one year after the organization of the
same.
The Committee for the District of Columbia
reported the following amendments:
First amendment:
In lino thirty-two of section twelve, after the word
"thereafter," insert the words: "shall call a meet-
in!?," so that it may read "shall within twenty days
thereafter call a meeting for tho choice of directors,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second and third amendments, which
were merely verbal, also were agreed to.
The fourth amendment was to add to the
bill the following as an additional section:
Be it further enacted. That the levy court of tho
county of Washington are hereby prohibited from J
doing any act or thing to hinder, delay, or obstruct i
the construction or operation of said railroad as
herein authorized.
The amendment was-agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to.amend this
bill by adding to the section providing for the
conveyance of passengers the proviso:
That it shail not be liwful for the said railroad
company, through any of its conductors or agents,
to collect fares for the transportation of passengers
tu whom a seatin such conveyance is not furnished.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentlemen to
allow me to move to add the words, "without
the consent of the passengers.''
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir, I cannot yield
for that amendment. I have but a word to say
in regard to my amendment. We are now
about to charter, if this bill passes, a new street
railway company in this District. It will be a
sort of suburban railroad and may not be much
affected by this amendment if it shall prevail;
still, the amendment involves a principle which
I should like to see ingrafted on this charter,
as it ought to be on the charters of other com-
panies.
This bill proposes to charter a railroad to
commence at the end of Fourteenth street,
where the existing railway terminates, to pass
around the city returning into it at some other
point. Without regard, however, to the route
of the road, I think the principle of my amend-
ment is correct, that when this company un-
dertake to be common carriers they should
do in good faith that which their undertaking
binds them to do. Now, to accept passengers
in any numbers and hang them on leather straps
or crowd them like sheep or pigs into one of
their conveyances is not carrying out their
undertaking to convey passengers comfortably
and properly, which, by making themselves
common carriers, they have undertaken to do.
I believe I have said once before to the House
that the most patient ass in the world is the
American people, as it regards submission to
the impositions practiced on them by these
various companies and corporations. Abroad
nothing of this kind is permitted. Matters
are much better regulated there so far as the
police arrangements connected with such things
are concerned. There the seats in public con-
veyances are all numbered, and each passenger
gets his seat and keeps it. He is not liable to
be imposed upon by having others thrust upon
him more than the conveyance can hold. He
is there recognized as having some rights.
But here in this country—and we need not go
far to get an exemplification of the fact—in an
omnibus or railway car, as long as parties are
to be picked up who are willing to be forced
into a crowded car, which perhaps will steam
with the perspiration engendered by this close
packing, conductors feel themselves authorized
to stop and take up such passengers : until it
has passed into a proverb that there is always
room for one more in an omnibus or railway
car. Gentlemen may reply that this is the
fault of the passengers: that if they choose to
submit to such impositions they are to be he'd
to it. Sir, it is the fault of the company in not
furnishing a sufficient number of conveyances;
and then the passengers, rather than not go.
submit to impositions and take up with such
accommodations as they can get.
Now, I want to guard them against such im-
positions. We will have no difficulty from
crowded railways or omnibus conveyances if
the principle I have indicated shall be estab-
lished. Let it once be understood that they
cannot collect fare of those to whom they do
not furnish accommodations, and they will take
care, as a matter of interest, to furnish suffi-
cient accommodations for their passengers.
Where they have one car now they will have
two or three then if necessary. I" think this
little provision, more than any one thing else,
would cure the whole of this evil—a simple pro-
vision that when this new company shall un-
dertake to convey passengers for hire in their
conveyances they shall provide proper accom-
modations, or else fail at their peril, because
they will have no legal right to enforce and col-
lect fare from such passengers.
Mr.- GRINNELL. I desire to say, in reply .
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,j
that I think his amendment is unprecedented,
and will be very embarrassing to this new com-
pany. This railroad is to be established for
the purpose of bringing the suburban popula-
tion of this city into a nearer and closer com-
munication with the heart of the city. If he
will accept the amendment I have offered to
his proposition, so that the fare shall not be
collected from persons not having seats except
by the consent of the person riding, I will-no#
make any objection to the proposition. The
fault the gentleman complains of is the fault of
those who hang on the cars, who demand ad-
mission under the circumstances, and not the
fault of the company. My friend himself would
consider it a great hardship if daring a rain-
storm, when his carriage was not at hand, he
was. not allowed to get into a car out of the
rain, because the seats were all taken before lie
applied for admission. Let my amendment be
adopted and then if he gets into the car he can
exercise his own option in regard to paying the
fare.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will say simply this to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell:]
there will be no necessity for his amendment
if we give to a man the legal right not to hare
fare collected of him unless he is provided with
a seat, for he can waive that right if he thinks
proper. If I go to a tavern and ask for lodg-
ings, and I am content to'be put into the cellar
or a coal-hole or upon the floor, and waive my
privilege of going where I can get a bed, I ean
do so. The effect of the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grixxell] is to
reenact the common law, which gives every
man the right, if he thinks proper, to waive
his legal rights. I propose to give every person
a legal right against these corporations if they
do not supply him with tho accommodations
the law requires. Then, if he is fool enough
to waive those rights, he has the common-law
right to do so.
Mr. GRINNELL. My answer to that is, that
most people do not understand the common
law; they only understand the common prin-
ciple that if they ride they must pay.
The question was upon the amendment of Mr.
Geisxell to the amendment of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Grixxell to the amendment of Mr.
Schekok.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,] and also to the
amendment to the amendment, offered by the
gentleman from Iowa. [Mr. Grixxei.i,, ] though
if th(?idea of the gentleman from Ohio meets
the favor of the House it would be better that
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
should prevail. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio proposes to declare it unlawful
, for the agents of this corporation to collect
fare from any person to whom a seat is not fur-
nished. No" option is to be left to the person
riding or to the conductor as to the payment
or collection of tho fare. I submit to the House
that such a provision is unjust to the company
we now propose to incorporate. This com-
pany proposes to construct a railroad running
out into the country for the benefit of the poor
people who live in the suburbs of the city and
for the convenience of the departmental clerks.
Now, sir, if it were probable that the travel on
this railroad would be regular, that there would
be ten, fifteen or twenty passengers for each
car on each trip, the gentleman's amendment
would be proper enough, and I would have
no objection to it. But it is well known that
there are times when the oars, even on Penn-
sylvania avenue, run empty or almost so,
while at other times every car is crowded.
The travel -fluctuates. So it must be with this
railroad, the construction of which we now pro-
pose to authorize. At the hour when tho clerks
