1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
me on this question against accepting League
Island for this purpose. If the Senator from
Iowa and the Committee on Naval Affairs and
the Secretary of the Navy wish us to accept
League Island for other purposes, let us accept
it; 1 have no objection to that. But if the bill
means that it is to be followed up by appropria-
tions of $2,000,000 and then of $5,000,000 and
then of $8,000,000 and finally of $20,000,000,
until we have drained the Treasury of this
country as low as we dare to do, to build more
ships and to give strength to the naval power
on this continent, then I say I protest, and the
people of every State in this country have a
right to protest, against putting this proposed
naval station where it will be inaccessible and
impossible to get to and from it with such a
class of ships as we must build. There are
already afloat in the world iron-clad vessels
that draw more than thirty feet of water.
Whether they are the strongest or not of course
must be determined by use hereafter. I pro-
test against the acceptance of League Island
for a naval station of the character of which I
am speaking, because it will be impossible to
use it for that purpose; and therefore to accept
it and make appropriations for it is wrong in
itself as well as not useful for the country.
I desire also to add that in the future, as in
the past, I suppose we must make the arma-
ments of our vessels equal to the emergencies
that may arise. We found at the beginning
of this rebellion that we had not anything that
would answer the emergency, and we went to
work anil made it, not as good, not as efficient,
not as powerful as we would have done if we
had had the leisure and time and means to
anticipate what wo had to make and to do it
earlier. We arc now enjoying a repose, and
it is a time that the nation intends to devote
to preparing for the future, and to that end it
is contemplated to build an iron-clad navy that
will cope with any Power in the world.
I repeat it is a conclusive argument against
League I§Jand to say that it is impossible to
construct and get away from there vessels of
this character. I will not go into the argu-
ment to show that they may be constructed
cheaper elsewhere. I presume there are places
where they can be constructed cheaper; at any
rate there arc places where they can be con-
structed and removed after construction. If
vessels of the character of which I speak were
constructed at League Island they could not
be removed to the ocean. But as I see that
the Senator from Ohio intends to call up an-
other measure in which I feel a deeper interest
than in almost any other, I shall not pursue
this argument, presuming that this bill is to
be laid aside, and that we are to proceed to
the consideration of a bill that ought not and
cannot be delayed. If the Senator from Ohio
purposes to bring up that measure, I will desist
from any further remarks.'
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone this bill
and all prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1162.
Mr. GRIMES. I am exceedingly sorry to
be placed in the position that I shall be, of
voting against the motion of the Senator from
Ohio if he presses it to a vote. T am anxious
to get this question off our hands. It has been
in my keeping, or in the keeping of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for four years. It
was under consideration at the last session, and
has now been brought nearly to a vote. The
public interests, in my conviction, demand that
something shall be done ; and 1 cannot con-
sent, anxious as I am that the Senator's bill
shall come up, to lose an opportunity to get a
vote upon this. I understand there is nothing to !
be said by anybody in favor of the proposition
now under consideration. If those who are
opposed to it choose to take up time in speak-
ing in opposition to it, I am not responsible for
that, nor is the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE. I was exceedingly loath to
interfere with this bill which has been so long
on the tapis, I was in hopes that we should
have come to a vote on it and decided it
before; and we were.told this morning that
about half an hour would be all the lime that
would be necessary to conclude it. But we
know how these things progress in this body.
This bill seems to be*afloat now as a debatabhs
matter before the Senate, and I do not see
any reason to suppose it will not take four or
fiv4e days before we can come to a vote upon
it; and there are other measures of such
pressing importance that it will not do for us
to trifle away our time upon anything else.
I know that the country will hold us justly
responsible for our conduct, if we omit these
weightier matters and fritter away our time
on measures that can be got along with at
some other time. I feel under the necessity,
as I have assumed the charge of the Louisiana
bill, to see that it suffers no delay at my hands.
I shall insist on the motion, unless I can be
assured that a vote will be immediately taken
on this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that I have
trifled away with none of the time of the Sen-
ate, nor have those who are in favor of this
proposition. It has been in our keeping, as I
said before, a long time, and at the instance
of those who are opposed to it it has been post-
poned from d'ay to day with their approbation,
and frequently upon their suggestion. It is
true that I supposed we would dispose of this
question within an hour when it was taken up
this morning. The Senator from Connecticut
informed us yesterday that he would not speak
more than twenty minutes. If gentlemen pro-
pose to go on and repeat the arguments that
have been listened to by the Kenate all through
the last four years on this subject I cannot be
responsible for it; 1 cannot cheek it, I cannot
stop it.
Mr. RIDDLE. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I wish to be heard on this
subject. I shall not detain the Senate more
than twenty minutes.
Mr. POMEllOY. I hope there will be no
understanding, and there cannot be, that this
question must be taken now, because none
of us have got half through yet. I hope the
motion of the Senator from Ohio will prevail,
and that we shall proceed to consider that
measure that cannot be dispensed with.
Mr. CONNESS. it is hardly concealable
that this is an attempt to destroy this bill by
simply consuming time. I think the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs of this body is entitled to
a vote on this bill. I think it lias been under
consideration for a longer period and has con-
sumed somewhat more of the time of the Senate
than it should have done. The bill to which
the honorable Senator from Ohio refers is of
the first importance; I feel as deep an interest
in it as ho can, but 1 hope we shall come to a
vote upon this bill. If the honorable Senator
from Kansas has anything further to say—
though I rather think he has exhausted the
subject—I am willing to hear him to the end;
but let us get to a vole.
Mr. BUCK ALE\V. It is not very often
that we are occupied in the questions that are
local to my State; it is very rare indeed. This
bill is of local interest to all our people and to
all the members in both Houses who repre-
sent them. In order, however, to save valu-
able time, both the members from Pennsyl-
vania in this body are willing in this debate
to waive the ordinary privilege, the privilege
which under other circumstances they would
exercise to discuss this measure aud to reply
to those arguments which have been submitted
against it. For my own part I have never
intended to say anything more sitiee the sub-
ject was taken up for the last time than to
submit a few observations, not occupying five
minutes, of an explanatory character, to ex-
plain to my people at home the reasons why my
colleague and myself have not entered more
largely into this debate. The circumstances
are peculiar, and in order to facilitate the
business of the Senate and that this measure
shall not bo an obstruction to other measures
of legislation or a cause of offense to any gen-
tlemen who desire other measures to be taken
up, we have adopted the course which I have
mentioned. I think, however, it would be
a very unreasonable thing if the Senate should
refuse now, when the debate must be pretty
well spent, when it cannot be possible that a
very considerable period of time will be occu-
pied in further discussion, to put this measure
to a vote after listening to whatever of debate
is yet to take place upon it. It cannot be pro-
tracted ; and then, when we have heard it, let
us decide the question and decide it finally.
Mr.WADE. I am very loath to interpose
anything against the action of the Senate upon
this subject; but it has been discussed here for
three or four years constantly, and pamphlet
after pamphlet has been issued, commission
after commission has reported, and all the
light that will ever bo emitted on this subject
is in possession of the Senate now, and has
been for a long time. "Wo have heard the able
champions of both sides of this controversy
now for three or four years, saying I presume
all that can be said on either side. Now, if I
could have any assurance in the Senate that in
three quarters of an hour, say by three o'clock,
the vote should be taken, I would withdraw my
motion and permit it to be taken. But if the
discussion is to continue in the unfathomable
sea of debate on which we have embarked,
if we are to float on the ocean of debate that
is usual hero on all such questions, it is per-
fectly obvious that we shall not come to a vote
probably in three or four days, and then where
would our great measures of legislation be?
They would stand defeated, and we should be
responsible for their defeat. 1 cannot place
myself in that position, and I will not.
Mr. COWAN. Let us have five minutes.
Mr. WADE. I will give you more than five
minutes ; but I want some assurance.
Mr. COWAN. I trust wo can come to a
vote immediately. I think nobody desires
now to discuss it. The argument must be
exhausted,
Mr. WADE. If I can get an intimation from
the Senate that they will give us a vote by three
o'clock, I will withdraw my motion ; butif there
is no indication of that, and gentlemen all
around say that they are going into debate, I
feel constrained to stand by my motion, and I
hope the Senate will stand by my motion, and
take up the bill I have indicated.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not disposed to sit
silently under the imputation that those who
are opposing this bill have taken up all the
time, and that they are planning some scheme
to defeat action upon it, and that the inends
of the bill are very magnanimously _relrainiiig
from debate so as not to waste the time of the
Senate upon this bill. 1 repeat now what I
said yesterday, that taking the time of the
Senate that has been occupied on this bill
from the beginning, more time has been taken
by the friends of the bill than by its opponents;
and when the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, indeed both the honorable Senatois,
but especially the one on my left, [Mr. lircK-
alew,] speaks of the friends of the bill having
refrained from debate, and that the Senators
from Pennsylvania are now refraining from
debate, I do not quite understand it. Are not
other gentlemen refraining from debate just as
much? Does not the honorable Senator from
Kansas intimate that he is desirous of taking
up time on this subject particularly, but deem-
ing other subjects more important he refrains?
Does not the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware intimate a disposition to speak on this
bill, limited, it is true, to a short period of
time ? [ do not quite understand why it should
be thrown out hero that those who oppose this
bill are taking any course that is not quite in
accordance with parliamentary practice and
senatorial dignity and propriety. I see ho
cause for it. I certainly will not undertake to
vindicate the honorable Senator from Ohio
from being a party to any design to postpone
action on this bill. He ot course will take care
of himself on that and on all other subjects,
can only say that so far as I am aware ot any
opposition to this bill, it is none other than
that which is legitimate, fair, honest, patriotic,
