1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
having a due regard to the wants of the coun-
try and the necessities of the Treasury.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. President, what is the
exact question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration
of the bill named by him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President  
Mr. GRIMES and others. Let us vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not choose to let
the vote be taken until I make a remark. I
do not think the Senator from Ohio has charged
any negligence in trying to bring this bill before
the Senate to a vote. I should think it rather
unreasonable to require us to go into the con-
sideration of the bill which the Senator from
Ohio proposes to call up at this time. That
bill came to the Senate yesterday, and has not
been printed in the Senate. It was printed
during its progress in tho House of Represent-
atives, but whether printed as it passed I am
not prepared to say. I believe not. I am
informed that the amendments made to the
original bill in the House have never been
printed. I am told that the bill that was
laid on our tables yesterday is not the bill as
passed. I have not had an opportunity of
looking into it, and I think the proposition
would be a very unreasonable one to take it
up now anyhow, independently of the position
oi'the League Island bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho only object that
could be accomplished by taking up now the
bill referred to by my colleague would be to
have the second reading of the bill. I think
that ou^ht to be granted, and then it could go
over. Tho Senator from Indiana or some
Senator on this side of the Ilonse gave notice
that ho intended to resist its dill'erent stages,
and I think as the first and second readings
of the bill are usually matter of form, and it
has had its first reading, its second reading
can be had and then any objection will throw
it over. I am disposed to vote for this motion
to givo my colleague an opportunity of having
the second reading of the bill, and then ho can
make a motion to refer or to pass tho bill.
Mr. IIKNDRICKS. I objected yesterday
to the passage of the bill in less than fifteen
minutes after it came from the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in tho chair.) The question is on the motion
of tho Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
Mr. WADH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered ; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Crugin. Dixon, Fostor,
Howard, Ilowo, Morgan. Poland, Pomoroy, Ross
bbcriuuu. humnor, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wil-
son, and lutes—17.
McDouKall, Morrill, Nesmitli, Norton, l'nttcrson,
Kamsoy, luddlc, Saulsbury, Stewart, aud Van Win-
kle—
ABSKSfT — Messrs. Anthony. Cattoll, Edmunds,
irolmirhuysen, Cuthrio, Lane, Nyo. Spraguo.
and Willey—ID.
Mr. SPRAG UE, when his name was called,
stated that lie had paired with Mr. Wii.ley.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I believe tho amendment
now pending is the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Si'mnbr.1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask that it may bo read.
My health not being very good I have not been
in the Senate tor the last two days and have
not heard it.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
SrsixuR.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. President I shall vote
for that amendment; and at the same time that
X shall vote for it I am frank to say that it is
with a view of defeating the bill. I may in the
course of the few remarks I shall make repeat
something that has been said, and not be able
to answer things that have been said on the
other side, because, as I stated before, I have
not been able to attend the sittings of the Sen-
ate for the last two or three days.
Sir, there is nothing more apparent to my
mind than that we need no new naval depot
now. It may appear strange to Senators and
doubtless will that I, living within fifteen miles
on an air-line of League Island, and having
some of my property in the vicinity, should
oppose League Island as a naval depot; bt^ I
tell Senators that, while it would benefit some
constituents of mine, it would be money sunk
in the mud, which would never be available.
I speak of what I do know. I have seen League
Island fifty times to the once that any Senator
on this floor has seen it. If there is to be a
naval depot upon the Delaware, put it down
where you can have deep water and the pro-
tection of Fort Delaware ; put it at Newcastle,
where your vessels can ride in twenty-five feet
of water and fresh water at that.
I dislike to oppose League Island, but why do
I oppose it? League Island is three or four miles
below Philadelphia. I am talking practically,
and I am talking as a man who has had some
experience in.the construction of works of this
kind, and I say to the Senate to-day that if
League Island should be taken as a naval sta-
tion the money expended on it will not be less
than $50,000,000, and all you spend will be
wasted. Why? Let us know the reason why.
League Island, as was remarked by one of
the Senators to-day, would at high tide, but
for the protection of the embankment, be four
feet under water. The Senator from Iowa
remarked that he had seen large trees growing
there: so have I seen large trees growing in
sand banks and in swamps. I will tell him
what I know of League Island, that .when it is
not frozen up you can take yonrhandand push
a fence-rail down without any trouble and not
reach the bottom. I speak of what I do know.
When you get down a few feet further you
strike gravel. What are piles worth if you
strike gravel? If you could get forty-five feet
of log tho piles would hold, as they do at the
Gunpowder and Bush river bridges; but tho
experience at League Island will bo that which
occurred at the Susquehanna when they at-
tempted first to build a bridge at Havre de
Grace. When they attempted to pile for the
piers there they struck gravel, and tho first
freshet that camo washed the piers away, and
finally they had to coffer-dam.
Go for fast land, as you term near League
Island, and where do you find it except at lied
Bank, in tho State of New Jersey? Go any-
where along there 011 tho Pennsylvania shore
and it will cost $10,000 an acre to put that
land above high water; and where are you to
get places for the buildings to be erected for
your artisans aud for your machinists? Why
did the Pennsylvania Central, the Philadelphia
and Erie, and the Philadelphia, Wilmington,
and Baltimore railroad companies build a dock
at New Castle to which to transport their iron
and coal, and not stop at League Island, and
thus save twenty miles of line? Tho reason is,
Senators—I am sorry that I have to say it, but
I feel it to be my duty to do so, although it
may oppose the interest of some of my people
—League Island is liable to be ice-bound. This
year it has been for two months literally ice-
bound. While tho monitors were anchored
there, four-horse wagons loaded with wood were
crossing the Delaware river five miles below
League Island; and one of the most prominent
papers in the city of Philadelphia, which came
to me a few days ago, stated that eighty vessels
which had been detained at New Castle were
only then able to start for Philadelphia. If
you are going to have an ice-bound navy-yard,
as the Senator from Connecticut says, League
Island will be an admirable place for it.
As to piling a place like League Island it
is an absurdity, as men who have had any
experience know. Let me give you an instance:
Fort Delaware was constructed by one of the
most scientific engineers in the United States,
the present General Delafield, when he was
in the prime of life. He piled it as well as he
could, but when it was constructed it settled
until the lower casemates were down to the
water-line, and were of course useless. You
cannot pile an island made up of such deposits
as this so as to make it sustain a heavy struc-
ture. It is a matter of impossibility; and it is,
as I have said, utterly impossible in a winter
like this to reach League Island during the
severe months.
Now, sir, we have enough navy-yards in
this country for present purposes at which
we can deposit these monitors. They have
proved to be a failure except for defense; they
are certainly not fit for offensive purposes.
Why not distribute them among the different
navy-yards and around the different cities
where defense is needed and wait for. the time,
when the necessity for it arises, to indicate a
proper point for your great naval depot?
Where can a better site for such purposes be
found than here at the Washington navy-yard?
You can deposit at that yard now half of your
iron-clads and have them protected.
Under these circumstances why saddle this
country, which is now groaning under the
burden of debt, with an additional indebted-
ness of $50,000,000, not demanded by the
exigencies of the times, not required by
public policy, and absolutely condemned by
every principle of political economy? If Sen-
ators can give me a reason why tSis vast ex-
penditure of money should be laid out on this
island, when there is not a sufficient depth of
water to transport to it our large vessels, I
should be glad to hear it. I certainly cannot
see any.
I thought, Mr. President, that I should be
able to address the Senate more fully on this
subject, but I find that in the condition of my
health I am unable to speak longer. I have
already stated my main objections to League
Island in brief. I am unable to continue.
Mr. GRIMES. I hoped that I should not
be called upon to say a single word further,
and I would not rise now if the Senator from
Delaware had not made a statement which
sopms to involve" a question of veracity between
himself and myself.
Mr. RIDDLE. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I state upon my reputation
as a man and as a Senator that I have been
three times upon League Island, and I went
there and examined it before I reported in
favor of it or before I committed myself in any
way in favor of it. While I say that there may
be portions of the island back near the rear
channel where there is a boggy piece of ground,
yet I assert that there are three or four hun-
dred acres of that land which is just as firm
land as the land in the neighborhood of the
Smithsonian Institute in this city; that crops
are growing upon it; that houses are built upon
it. I was told the cellars were dry. If the Sen-
ator makes the statement that a fence rail can
be driven down upon any portion of that land
it is not in accordance with the facts.
Mr. RIDDLE. I did not mean to raise a
question of veracity with the distinguished
Senator from Iowa ; but I should like to state
one fact to him. The western channel at
League Island will not float a sloop at low
water, a sloop drawing four feet of water.
When the Ironsides, the noblest vessel of our
Navy, was anchored or hitched to the wharf
at League Island and took fire, two tugs came
to her relief, and they found her aground, and
she could not be drawn off.
Mr. GRIMES. Nineteen or twenty of the
irofr-cladsarenowin that very channel of which
the Senator speaks, and I have a communica-
tion written this morning by Admiral Davis,
who is well known, I take it, to all members of
this body, and favorably known wherever his
name is heard, in which he says :
"I was on a board (chairman) for laying up the
iron clads after the war, and I then reported to the
Department that the first commission which made the
majority and minority report, anddiffered in so many
other things, agreed unanimously in this one, that
League Island was the proper place for laying up the
irGH.-clads."
So much for that.
Mr. RIDDLE. I have perfect confidence
in Admiral Davis ; but I think the statement
is incorrect. If yon will take the Coast Survey
