1867.
B CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a compromise wljich would invite the vengeance
of a just God.
Mr. Speaker, this question will take care of
itself, only allow the ballot. You will find these
Democrats under political bonds taking the
black men under their care, as in this city I
am told since the colored men have been enti-
tled to vote the Democrats-.begin to court and
caress them ; and to suppose that that ingen-
ious, unscrupulous party, that managed to keep
itself in power for forty years by appeals to
the prejudices of Irish votes and by the use of
whisky, is so scrupulous in methods and choice
as to,its companions as not to seek the negro
vote ®by fair promises, is a manifest absurdity.
Let them be welcome to such a fraction as they
can earn by good conduct only. Let the black
man have the ballot, let him have justice meted
out to him; for he deserves to be enfranchised.
He was our friend when the clouds of heaven
rolled black over us; and our responsibilities
only began when we broke his chains and made
him a soldier of the Republic.
Let me relate a little incident. It is known
in this House that I was very anxious that all
the black men, North and South, that could
possibly be enlisted should be placed in the
Army to help put down the rebellion. I intro-
duced a resolution to that effect, and it passed
the House of Representatives. Shortly after-
ward I met Mr. Lincoln, and he asked aie to
come to his room, when he said tome: "That
resolution implies that we are not doing all we
could; but I am glad that Congress has in-
dorsed the policy of actively enlisting black
men. It implies that if they are enlisted and
fight for the country it must do something more
for them.' It is a great day for the black man
when you tell him he shall carry a gun. Now,"
said Sir. Lincoln, "tell your people in Iowa,
and your friends in Congress if you choose,
that the time has come when I am for every-
body fighting the rebels. Let Indians fight
them; let the negroes fight them; and if you
have got any strong-legged jackasses in Iowa
that can kick rebels to death they have my hearty
consent," [laughter;] and added, "Whenyou
give the negro these rights, when you put a gun
in his hands, it prophesies something more: it
foretells that he is to have the full enjoyment
of his liberty and manhood."
Happy for the nation's future if we would
take up the prophecy and make his philosophy
our guide in this political crisis, and never be
a party to a wrong done to a human being
because he is black or because he has been a
slave.-
I had intended before! closed to have read
an extract from a memorial address to this
House by Judge Thomas J. Durant, of New
Orleans, in behalf of the loyalists, in which he
describes truthfully the condition of that coun-
try, the murders and outrages that prevail, and
I might read from the scores of letters just sent
to the venerable gentleman near me [Mr.
Stevens] which are enough to stir the blood
of age and ought to convince us of the neces-
sity of early and prompt action. I will ask to
have the concluding portion of the memorial
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" What is the remedy for so great an injustico to the
faithful friends of the nation, and so palpable a dan-
§er to the body-politic 1 As the facts cannot be
enied, and the great Law Giver of the universe
cannot permit so crying an injustice, the remedy must
be found and applied. Moreover, the loyal masses
have willed that 110 single fruit of the hard-earned
victory shall be lost. We respectfully submit the
propositions of the loyal Union sufferers, whose devo-
tion has been proven, and whoso claims cannot be
disregarded without peril to the nation, not from us,
but from your undisguised enemies and ours, as a
basis for decisive action. The remedy is plain and
simple. The nation's valor, with the blessing of
Heaven, has conquered those who voluntarily, will-
ingly and persistently made themselves public
enemies, and involved their States in all the conse-
quences of conquered insurgents. If traitors, they
forfeited their rights to life, liberty, and property; if,
as they claim, they were a nation of public enemies,
the territories and districts which have been con-
quered are subject to the law-qiaking power, which
alone oan decide, accept, and legalize war and peace.
In every light, therefore, the power exists, and the
necessities of the case demand immediate and prompt
action.
"Along lincof precedents, both of the United States
and of these same rebels as 'confederate States,'
have established that whatever authority in a State
is recognized by the political or law-making power
of the nation is the lawful government, is the State,
and there is no appeal from this deeision but by the
bayonet. \Ve pray you, then, to set aside_ these hos-
tile organizations, illegally and unconstitutionally
created and incapable of self-government, because
hostile to the nation: and, under the nation's power
as conservator of the peace, authorize the loyal and
true men, regardless of race orcolor, to organize gov-
ernments, excluding so many of the unrepentant
rebels as shall be found necessaryfor the permanent
security and preservation of the Union. In this way
and in no other, we verily believe those guarantees
may be obtained which clearly define and certainly
protect the American citizen, equalize representa-
tion, give suffrage to loyal voters only, disqualify the
traitor for franchise and office, make secure the na-
tional debt incurred in the cause of liberty, forever
silenpe the holders of the rebel promises* elevate man-
hood, reward devotion to the Union, and secure the
blessings of liberty to our posterity and yours.
"We plead for these things, not for ourselves and
fellow-sufferers only, butfor our still bleeding coun-
try, from which capital, enterprise, free labor, free-
speech, the blessings of education, the rapid strides
of internal improvements, and large progressive
views are virtually expelled by ignorance, stupid-
ity, bigotry, treason, and rebellion.
"We ask for early, speedy, sharp, short, and deci-
sive action; and we ask it in the namc3 and behalf
of the millions of devoted friends of the Union in-
habiting the best parts of the,continent, no one of
whom can claim that he enjoys the blessings of free
republican government or the security which the
Constitution of the United States guaranties to the
citizen."
Mr. GRINNELL. Allowmetosay, in conclu-
sion, that it rests upon us to decide at an early
day whether we are to allow rebels to come and
take their seats here unwashed, unrepentant,
unpunished, unhung, [laughter:] or whether
we will heed the voice of our friends, fleeing
from the South for their lives; whether we will
listen to the supplication of four million black
people, all true to the great principles which we
here seek to establish. For one I urge the earli-
est action. I desire we should place those States
in a position where a home may be possible,
where education may be established, where the
ballot may be secured to all those who are
loyal to this Government. Yes, sir, education
and the ballot, as I have read history, they
will be as the urim and thummim, the pol-
ished stones to be placed in this great temple
of national liberty now being reared by the
American Congress. Let us have no delay,
no recommitment; rather the earliest action
upon this bill, as the requirement of the people
who have saved the country; what the suffer-
ing implore, what justice demands, and what
I believe God will approve. I now yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Doj.xei.ly.]
Mr. DONNELLY took the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. As this bill now stands the
pending motion is to commit it to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction. I desire to say to the
House that if the motion to commit shall be
voted down, it is not my intention to call the
previous question, but to afford an opportunity
to any gentleman who may desire to offer
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if a demand for the previous question on the
motion to commit should be sustained, the
previous question, would notexhaust itself until
the third reading of the bill, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not intend to move
the previous question-on that motion, but to
say that after the vote is taken on the motion
to commit, if that motion shall be voted down,
I intend to leave the bill open for gentlemen to
offer amendments to it. I should like to say a
few words myself "before the vote is taken on
the motion to commit.
Mr. DONNELLY resumed the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the permission of
the gentleman from Minnesota, I will move
that the House adjourn, as tho hour is late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
at what time he expects the debate to close
upon this proposition ?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that alaige
number of gentlemen have put -down their
names as desiring to speak upon it. '
The SPEAKER. Quite a number of gen-
tlemen desire to speak.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to deprive
them of the opportunity within reasonable
limits.
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest to the gentle-
roan that he fix the 10th day of next month as
the,day for closing the debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
at the rate at which the debate has been pro-
gressing, about two speeches a day, the Chair
knows of enough gentlemen desiring to speak
as would occupy the next two weeks.
PRINTING OF NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to report the following resolution:
Mesohed, That there be printed for the use of Jh0
members of this House fifteen hundred extra copies
of the Navy Register for 1867.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Cannot
we put in also the Army Register?
The SPEAKER. That was not referred to
the committee, and they can only report under
the law upon what is referred to them.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the resolution was adopted; an$ also
! moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
' the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE SITE.
On motion of Mr. RAYMOND, by unani-
mous consent, joint resolution of the House
No. 229, to procure a site for a building to ac-
commodate the post office and United States
courts in New York city, which had been re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment,
was taken from the Speaker's tabic, and the
amendment of the Senate was concurred in, as
follows:
Add to the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, that the title to said property shall be ap-
proved by the Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. RAYMOND moved.to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
therule.and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. AKNELL: A memorial from a portion of
the colored men of the State of Alabama, asking a
repeal of the three per cent, tax on cotton.
By Mr. BINUHAM: The petition, together with
exhibit,-, of John Fonlyee, of Ohio, for relief.
Aso, the petition, together with exhibits, of Peter
D. Robins, of Ohio, for relief.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Thaddeus L.
Waters, Norman Cunningham, Morgan Thompson,
Patrick Rooney, and 30 otheis, citizens of Muskegon
county, Michigan, praying for the restoration to
market and settlement certain lands in said county
reserved originally under Indian treaty, &c., the
term of reservation having now expired,
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of J. h. Hart-
zell, and 32 others, citizens of Berlin, Mahoning
county, Ohio, praying for increased protection on
American wool.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition of
cigar-makers of Quincy, Illinois, praying that spe-
cific duties and revenue stamps be substituted for
the atl vttorem and present tax, under which, by
frauds, their businessis destroyed.
By Mr. IIOGAN: A memorial of the North Mis-
souri railroad, of Missouri, praying for certain relief.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of Franklin Snow, &c., and Albert Bouker, for a
change of register.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: Tho petition of
Bleazer Brown, and 54 others, citizens of N orwich, in
the county of Chenango, New York, praying for the
immediate passage of a tariff which shall conform
to the bill agreed upon by the joint committee of*
wool-growers and manufacturers: and which passed
the House of Representatives at its last'session.
By Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio: The petition of W.
7 .1 T.-1 . 1 Ofk ll A«*r> Altlfl J* A 4 Kfft lift ,
the currency. „ . ,
Bv Mr. HUMPHREY: Remonstrance of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, against granting America*
registers to foreign-built i
