1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
18G8, disagreed to by the House, and the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill;
and on motion of Mr. SHERMAN,
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, ami disugice to the amendments of
the llouse tootheraiuendmcnts of the Senate thereto,
and that it aeree to the conference asked by the House
on the disasreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees an the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Nesmith.
punishment of certain crimes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make a report
from a committee of conference, if the Senator
will yield for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 601)
entitled "An act to define and punish certain crimes
therein named," having met, alter full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the two Houses of Congress agree to the Sen-
ate amendment made to said bill, with the following
amendment, to wit: strike out the words "Iawfu.ly
in the custody thereof " where they occur in the Sen-
ate amendment.
T. A. HENDRICKS,
IRA HARRIS,
J. A. J. ORES WELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM LAWRENCE,
F. E. TROWBRIDGE,
A. J. ROGERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
executive business.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
809.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not withdraw ray
motion for anything but the report of the con-
ference committee. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
dgss.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow us some fifteen or twenty minutes to
proceed with the consideration of some bills,
which we can dispose of in that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot waive the motion.
The motion of Mr. johnson was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
land districts in the territories.
Mr. STEWART. While that order is being
executed, I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to submit a report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 746) for the
organization of land districts in the Territories
of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana. I ask
that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.No. 746)for
the organization of land districts in the Territories
of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana, having met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House agree to the Senate amendment to
tho said bill, with the following amendments: insert
at the end of the word "for," in line four of the said
amendment, the words "each of the Territories of
Utah and;" insert at the end of the word "Montana,"
in line two, second section of said amendment, the
word "Utah:" and at the end of theword "district,"
in line five of the same section, the words " and Utah
districts;" and the title of the said bill shall bo
amended as follows: "An act to create the offices of
surveyor general in the Territories of Utah and Mon-
tana, and establish a land office in the Territories of
Utah, Montana, and Aritona."
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
DAVID T. PATTERSON,
Manager« on the part of the Seiiatc.
GEORGE W. JULIAN.
SIDNEY T. HOLMES,
STEPHEN TABER,
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. POMEROY. If we are going into ex-
ecutive session, I move that that report be laid
on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have
action on it soon.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to look into it.
We have never yet agreed to have a surveyor
general or land office in Utah.
The motion of Mr. Pomeroy was agreed to.
tenure of office bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to present to the Secretary of State the bill
entitled "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices." together with the certificates of the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of
Representatives, showingthatthesaid act was passed
by a vote of two thirds of both Houses of Congress,
after the same had been returned to the Senate by
the President with his objections, and after the re-
consideration of said act by both Houses of Congress,
in accordance with the Constitution.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened at
twelve o'clock midnight.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 1220) to provide ways and
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the third committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill of the House (H. It.
No. 896) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June,
1868, submitted the following report:
'the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1868, having
met, after full and free conference have been unable
to agree.
LTMAN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Seiiate.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
ROBERT C. SCHEXCk,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBL^LL. I move that the Senate
recede from all its amendments to the bill dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, ex-
cept the forty-fourth amendment, and adhere
to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust that that course
will be pursued. The amendments we shall
lose will be the one in regard to the judges,
which I think ought to be done, and some
others of minor importance.
Mr. STEWART. I understand they have
agreed to our proposition as to the salaries of
the judges.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, they have not
agreed to it. I ara decidedly in favor of the
motion made by the Senator from Illinois. I
think the action of the House on this subject is,
beyond all precedent, unreasonable. When
we had the first committee of conference they
agreed to everything except three amendments.
There was no difficulty at all. When the others
were explained the committee were perfectly
willing to agree to them. The amendments on
which the committee disagreed were the amend-
ment giving $50,000 to the Secretary of the
Treasury for extra clerk hire, the amendment
increasing the salaries of three or four of our
own officers, and their amendment with regard
to their clerks. We proposed to them to with-
draw the amendment, increasing the salary of
oar own officers if they would withdraw theirs
in regard to their clerks. They woold not do
that; and they held the other up with regard
to the $50,000 extra to trade on, as they said.
They were willing to agree to it if we would
only agree to their clerks. Upon those three
we separated, and came in here with our re-
port.
Ihen a new committee was formed. That
committee met them, and they agreed to almost
everything again. They agreed a second time
to the salary of the judges with slight amend-
ments, and everything substantially, but came
back upon their clerks. They made a report
to this effect: that the matters agreed upon
were so and so, and three left ont that they
did not agree upon. The House would not
accept that report, but disagreed again to the
whole. Now, the third committee have gone
out, and they still stick at that very thing, and
with a view to force us to adopt their illegal
J action for the third time with regard to their
\ clerks.
_ Under these circumstances the Senate have
either got to be bullied out of it, because it is
I on this bill, and yield that point, or lose the
| bill. There is only one way to assert our own
| dignity about it and our own right to judge,
l and that is to let the amendments that the
| House have not agreed to, which are of no
pressing importance, and can be provided for at
another time, go, and put the question to them
straight, " Are you willing to sacrifice this
bill on that amendment of yours to make good
your illegal action for the third time in the face
of our protest?" That is the question. I
want them to decide the question and take the
responsibility.
Mr. CONNESS. I am not at all satisfied
with the proposition as made, and shall not be
prepared to be satisfied with it. I do not see
the necessity of the form of the proposition
which is made by the Senator. He does not
propose to pass the bill and come to an agree-
ment, but by the sacrifice of certain amend-
ments, one of which I feel a deep interest
in 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
if he would yield the right to the House of
Representatives to appropriate money from the
national Treasury in violation of law, as they
themselves confess, in order to save this bill?
That is the only question.
Mr. CONNESS. The question of the Sen-
ator is not pertinent nor relevant at all. I was
going to show that the sacrifice of the amend-
ments adverted to by the Senator, and which
he says are of no particular consequence, bat
some of which I regard as of vital consequence,
is to no purpose at all as proposed, because it
is proposed to still maintain the difference with
the House, and to put the onus upon the House
of losing the bill, which they are evidently
prepared to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know about
that.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator replies that
he does not know about that; but he wants
that issue to be made; he is willing to sacrifice
a proposition that I feel as valuable as that I
retain my fingers upon my hands. The Sen-
ator may smile if he chooses ; bnt I have just
that earnestness in what I call a great measure
that I am not willing to have it treated in that
manner. I do not wish the issue to be made
up in that way. I do not think that it is just
to make it up in that way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says he does.
I respectfully differ with the Senator. I do
not think he is treating his co-Senators right
when he thinks so. I think the Senator should
give himself with all his length and his breadth
to maintaining the sense of the Senate on the
whole bill. I do not see what the Senator
proposes to gain but the mere satisfaction of
putting the onus upon the House upon a single
naked amendment, and then being able to say
to them, "Now yield this or lose the bill."
Sir, I am not prepared to be ground up into
powder between the upper and nether mill-
stone in this way. It does happen that I have
very little to say about what is done in con-
ference committees, although I have some
