1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
interest here; but I appeal to Senators not to
do this thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that there
is no other way of getting at this trouble. We
have tried as far as we could in the conferences
to save the amendment which the Senator
refers to; but I do not see myself the immense
and vital and enormous importance of having
a geological survey made now or a month or
two hence. But still the Senate conferees !
adhere to that amendment, and the House
yielded. So with all the others, the salary of
the judges, a much more important question.
But the question is this: the House will not.
pass this bill unless we agree to enable them
to pay for the third time what they undertook
to appropriate in violation of law.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, if the Senator will j
permit me, why not adhere to all the amend- ;
ments and make the contest with them on j
that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because there is
no use in that. They agree with us as to all
the others. I know the second committee of
conference came to an agreement on all the
others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senatorfrom Ohio
will give way, I will relieve the Senator from
California.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to be re-
lieved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House of Repre-
sentatives concurred in the forty-ninth amend-
ment, which is ''that the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized to direct a geological survey,
&c., of the Territories." That was agreed to
by the House, and is a part of the bill; so that
will relieve the Senator now from his point.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, theSenator from
California stated that he had nothing to do
with the conference upon this bill, and he took
the Senators at their word; and if the Sena-
tors misled him it is not his fault.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only way to present
the question to the House is whether they are
determined to defeat this bill or have this
amendment. I am willing to defeat the bill
fifty thousand times over rather than surrender
that point. I remember this whole controversy.
They forced this twenty per cent, twice, once
two years ago, then again at the last session,
when, at the close of the session, in order to get
rid of the provision, we proposed to raise the
pay of all employes twenty per cent. But that
is not all. At the present session on the sec-
ond conference we proposed to allow them to
frame a bill fixing the pay of their own employes
atMr. McPHERsoN'sfigures, and they expressed
themselves satisfied with that in the first in-
stance, and by an amendment as a substitute
for this section agreed to fix the pay of the
employes of the two Houses. They went to
work to make up a bill to satisfy themselves,
but could not agree upon any proposition what-
ever, and demanded this particular thing. They
said they could not yield it. My friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] with great
patience and labor and care, tried to arrange
with them a schedule of salaries, but could not
get them to make any proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will say to him that I concur in his opin-
ions on this subject fully; but I do not propose
to sacrifice the other amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I am prepared to £tand
by the Senator on this question.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that the
salary of the judges has-been agreed to each
time, only that it has been held back for the
purpose of trading on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; they did not agree
to the salaries of the judges as we had it.
Mr. STEWART. 1 regard that provision as
of as much importance as anything in this bill.
I believe we ought to do justice to these judges.
I do not believe the judiciary should be placed
in such a position as to be compelled to borrow
money to live on. I believe it should be inde-
pendent. I believe the just administration of
the laws requires that they should be absolutely
independent.
That we agreed upon.
I thought you were to
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. STEWART,
waive that.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Now we have to waive
the whole bill probably.
Mr. STEWART. I move that we insist upon
that also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not accom-
plish our purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. .If the Senator from
Nevada will listen to me a moment I think I
can satisfy him how this matter stands. We
have had three committees on this subject.
All have been unable to agree with the House
committees. I do not know whether it is proper
to detail the conversations that occurred in the
committee ; but I am sure that this last com-
mittee made every effort it could to come to an
agreement with the House, even to concede, as
we thought, much to the House; and I will
state that we gave up some amendments which
the former committee of conference on the
part of the House had agreed to ; but we found
we could not get any proposition. We pro-
posed to the conferees of the House that they
should pay their employes what they had by
resolution illegally declared they would pay if
they would deduct from it the twenty per cent,
which we had by law paid them. Ihey would
not agree to that. The only proposition was,
"You must pay what by a resolution irregularly
passed has been promised, and nothing else."
They disagreed then to the other amendments,
and if we are to lose the bill any way 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to make
one remark right there. I have not seen one
gentleman from the House nor one officer of
the House that does not say in private conver-
sation that that amendment is all wrong.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe we.are
to lose the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had three
committees.
Mr. STEWART. But they have not had it
before the House. I do not believe they will
dare to defeat the bill on this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only way to deter-
mine that question is not by having half a
dozen amendments, to which they disagree.
Now, they have not agreed to the amendment
about the judges. I am for the increased sal-
aries of the judges, and while it is with j reat
regret that I should give it, and I hope to pass
it at the coming session of Congress, I do
think the better course now to pursue is to
give up all these amendments—aud they are
not of very much importance, except the one
about the judges—and adhere then to our vote
disagreeing with the House on this one propo-
sition and send the bill back to them. Then,
if they insist upon that compensation, which,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania says, not a
single member of the House, in private con-
versation, does not admit is improper, and lose
the bill, we cannot help it.
Mr. STEWART. If the bill is carried with
the amendment to which I allude, then justice
will be done to these judges. If the bill is to
be lost let it be lost with that provision in.
Let us hold a bold front upon that, for I do
not believe we have passed a more reasonable
or a more just proposition this session than
that. There is no proposition more just in the
bill. Let that remain. Backing down from
that is an admission that we were mistaken
about it. I do hope that we shall insist upon
that amendment. It will make no particular
difference about the issue. ^ Everybody knows
why they defeat the bill, if it is defeated. It is
no more likely to be defeated with this in than
with it out. If we adhere to it and send it
back I believe we shall get it. If we do not,
let them take the whole responsibility.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We must take their
proposition about the clerks, or they will not
agree.
Mr. STEWART. The House has not in-
sisted upon this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, they have told
us three times that we have got to take this
thing without crossing a t or dotting an i, or
they will not agree.
Mr. STEWART. Put this in and let it go
with the rest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is no use. The Sen-
ate understand that. The others are not agreed
upon simply for the reason that they may say
there are disagreements on other questions, as
I understand it, because they have been agreed
to once or twice substantially.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have all been sub-
stantially agreed to ; but now it stands in that
position that we have got to present the single
issue alone. Otherwise, it may be said that
the disagreement was about the salaries of the
judges; that the House could not agree to
raise their salaries. That is our difficulty. I
want to put it exactly where the House must
put itself on record on this subject. I am will-
ing to lose the bill on it if they are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to add in connec-
tion with what my friend from Maine has said
—and I believe in discussing these reports of
conferences it is proper that the Senate may
act intelligently that we should state what
took place in conference—when we endeav-
ored to ascertain that this clerkship question
was to be the turning point, and whether we
could reconcile our differences on the other
amendments, and were advancing propositions
to reach that point so as to understand each
other, we at once found that the Representa-
tives of the House were determined it should
not be left npon the clerks alone. They were
not willing that that should be done. They
i were determined that there should appear to
be a disagreement on other points, so that
they would have some means to get out of
taking the serious responsibility which they
would have to take if it were confined to this
clerkship question alone. Therefore it is per-
fectly manifest to me, although I think just as
other Senators do that all our propositions are
right, that in order to place the responsibility
where it belongs and bring it to an issue we
must leave that single proposition to them
alone, to take it Qr to leave it with them, and
nothing else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate recede from all
its amendments not agreed to by the House,
saving the amendment named by the Senator
from Illinois, striking out the section with re-
gard to compensation to the employes of the
House, and that the Senate adhere to that
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the House N o. 1126, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 18G8, and for other pur-
poses, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1126)
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30,1868, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conferencc have
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out the
words " and fifty," in line four, and add at the end of
said amendment the following:
Jiesolved, That the ownership of said bridge shall
be and remain in the United States, and the Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Company shall have the
right of way over said bridge for all purposes of
transit across the island and river upon the condi-
tion that the said company shall, before any money
is expended by the Government, agree to pay and
shall secure to the United Stales—first, half the cost
of said biidge, and second, half the expense of keep-
ing said bridge in repair; and upon guarantying
said conditions to the satisfaction of the Secrctary
of War, by contract or otherwise, the said company
shall have free use of said bridge for purposes nf
transit, but without any claim to the ownership
thereof.
That the Senate ajrree to the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate with an
amendment as follows: strike out the words "the
operations of;" and that the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, aud agree to
the same.
