1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
I understand the fact to be that this has been
an extraordinarily cold year. Not only has the
Delaware river been frozen, but so has New
York harbor; and persons have crossed between
Brooklyn and New York on the ice. Boston
harbor has been closed where we have another
navy-yard, and that is frequently closed. It is
only a few years ago that they had to cut a
channel there to let one of the Canard steamers
from East Boston down into the bay. This has
been an extremely cold winter. The vessels
alluded to in tlie .Chronicle, an extract from
which has been read, meeting obstructions up
at the Horse Shoe shoal fell back to a point
below. The best authority I can give I suppose
is this report of Professor Bach6 and Commo-
dore Marston.
.Mr. HENDERSON. The statement was
that it was frozen below.
Mr. RIDDLE. I think I can answer the
Senator from Missouri. I was not aware until
the Senator from Iowa made his remarks that
J was so old.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me a word more. I
desire to state further that the Senator from
New Jersey read letters yesterday showing that
oyster boats had been depositing their cargoes
on League Island during the whole winter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was aware that such
statements had been made, and hence it seemed
to nie a most remarkable statement that wagons
had been crossing on the ice for a mouth at a
time below League Island.
Mr. GIUMKS. ' Very remarkable indeed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to hear
from the Senator from Delaware what infor-
mation he has on the subject.
Mr. KIDDLE. 1 give practical information.
1 ti'll you what 1 know. I ha\e seen in my
short life time wagons passing over the Dela-
ware just above Chester, which is fifteen miles
below League Island. The Horse Shoe bend,
to which the Senator from Iowa alluded, is not
above League Island. It is just at the north
of League Island, branching out from the north-
ern port ion of League Island and stretching over
to (lie New .Jersey shore.
Mr. CATTELL. I speak within bounds
when I sav that 1 have been up and down the
river hundreds of times, and I distinctly state
here that League Island, as will be seen by
reference to every, chart of the river that was
ever drawn, is entirely below the Horse Shoo
bends where the dillieulty occurs with the ice,
and that during this winter vessels have been
able to go up as far tts League island, though
not up perhaps to the Horse Shoe bend, and
then t hey have usually returned cither to Marcus
Honk or to Newcastle, because there are (lov-
er ml. piers erected there for the protection
of I hem against floating ice. They drop down
that liir; and that is the explanation of the
statement, which has been read.
Mr. JOHNSON. How far below League
Hand?
Mr. CATTELL. Marcus Hook is about
eight or nine miles below League Island.
League Island is entirely below the Horse Shoe,
where the great dillieulty and obstruction in
the Delaware river is. This I state on my own
veracity and reputation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an
amendment, and J shall not detain the Senate
by making any remarks upon it. It is the same
amendment which was offered in committee
and lost by a very small vote. It is to insert
alter the words "board of officers," in line
tw,•nly-one. the words "of not less than five,"
and to ins'-rt in line twenty, after the word
'• recommend," the words "after a thorough
examination made by them." I ask for the
yeas and naj-s.
The j'cas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas IS, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Dixon,
rosier. U.uvi. , Henderson, Lane, XeMnith, Patterson,
Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Williams—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buokalew, Oattell,Chand-
ler, Conn ess. Cowan, Creswell, Doolittle, Fogg,
Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, McDougall, Morgan, Morrilt, Norton, Ramsey,
Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, Van Winkle, "Wilson, and
Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Edmunds, Fcssenden, Frelins-
huysen. Guthrie, Howe, Nye, Sprague, and Wil-
ley—8.
So tlie amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buokalew, Cattcll, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cowan, Creswell, Doolittle, Fooler,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patter-
son, llamsey, lloss, Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Wilson, and Yates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Fossen-
den, Fogg, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Nesraith, Po-
land, Pomeroy, ltiddlo, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade, and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Oragin, Edmunds, Frelinghuy-
son, Guthrie, Howe, Nye, Sprague, and Willey—8.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FItOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution (S. No. 157) in relation to
the ocean mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon; and
also that it had passed a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 280) for the relief of the mother of
Charles 0. Rowohl, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 918) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during tho fiscal year ending June 80,
18(18.
enrolled bills sifinei).
The message also announced that the Speaker
of tho House had signed tho following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions, and they were signed
by the President jiro tempore :
A joint resolution (S. No. 157) in relation
to ocean mail servicc between Han Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 491) amendatory of the sev-
eral acts respecting copyrights ;
A bill (II. R. No. OIK) making appropria-
tions for the service nf the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1808, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 1128) to authorize the
payment of prize money to certain officers and
enlisted men of tho Signal corps of the Army ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1141) to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of ground adjoining
the Alleghany arsenal, at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania ; and
A joint, resolution (H. R. No. 203) for tho
purchase of David's Island, New York harbor.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives insisted upon its amend-
ments to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 453)
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
disagreed to by tho Senate, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. R. C. Schuxck,
of Ohio, Mr. Thomas Williams, of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. J. F. Wilson*, of Iowa, man-
ager^of the same on its part.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate
insisted on its disagreement to tha House
amendments, and agreed to the conference
asked by tho House.
The PRESIDKNTpj'o tempore was author-
ized to appoint the conferees on the part of the
Senate; and Messrs. Williams, Sherman, and
Buokalew were appointed.
RECONSTRUCTION OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 1102.
Mr. SUMNER. What fs the title of that
bill?
Mr. WADE. The title is "A bill for the
reestablisliment of civil government in the
State of Louisiana."
Mr. SUMNER. That is an excellent bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1143.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio has priority.
Mr. WADE. I am anxious to have both
of these bills passed, and I have but very little
choice as to which shall be taken up first. I
have studied them both, and I think they are
both most excellent bills. I am not going to
antagonize one with the other; and if the Sen-
ator from Oregon will press his against all
opposition, so as to put it through as soon as
may be, I shall not care if his goes first.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. HOWARD, and
Mr. SUMNER. Louisiana first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is
worth while to have a discussion as to which
bill it is best to take up first; but if gentle-
men want it we can have it. I am decidedly
of the opinion that the better bill to take up
first is the bill reported from the Reconstruc-
tion Committee originally, and which has
passed the House and which has been called
up by ray friend from Oregon. The other
bill got precedence of it in the House by acci-
dent. I think that with an amendment to that
bill it is about as perfect a remedy as anything
that can be produced at the present time, and,
in my judgment, we had better proceed with it.
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to take up tho bill named by him.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will now have its second reading.
The Secretary. A bill (II. R. No. 1162)
for the reestablishment of civil government in
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the bill has now
had its second reading and a single objection
will carry it over, I propose that we take up
the bill to provide for tho payment of tho com-
pound-interest notes.
Mr. WADE.' I think my colleague is en-
tirely wrong in supposing that a single objec-
tion carries the bill over.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be passed to-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it can be considered
to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. It can be discussed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but wc cannot
make any progress probably in the discussion
to-day. We have gone probably as far with
this bill as we can go to-day; and now I should
like to have the bill to which I have referred
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. WADE. Has the Louisiana bill been
read a second time ?
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris.)
It has had its second reading, and may now be
actcd on as in Committee of the Whole ; but it
cannot be read the third time to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I have the floor, I move
now to take up Senate bill No. 594.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. Let us dispose of this.
Mr. HENDRTCKS._ I ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw his rirotion for a moment, so
that the bill called up by his colleague may be
ordered to be printed.
Several Senators. It has been printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand not. I
understand that the printed copy which is
on our tables is not the bill as it passed the
House, and I am told it has not been printed
by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I am informed by the
Cleric that it has been printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Louisiana bill
passes from before the Senate I wish to sub-
mit an amendment to it consisting of three
sections that I desire to have printed.
