1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the eighth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recedc from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
And that the Senate recede from their third
amendment to the bill.
HENRY WILSON",
II. S. LANE,
S. J. KIRIvWOOD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THABDEUS STEVENS,
SAMUEL SHELLABARGER,
N. P. BANKS,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
will now be considered closed.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened to receive a
message from the House of Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill of the House No. 604 to define and
punish certain crimes therein named.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House No. 1161, to
amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue.
The message also announced that the House
further insisted on its disagreement to the
forty-fourth amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House No. 896, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, adhered to by the Senate,
asked a further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Francis C. Le Blond of Ohio,
Mr. Theodore M. Pomerot of New York, and
Mr. William B. Allison of Iowa, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1227)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It appears from the
message just received from the House that they
ask for a further conference on the forty-fourth
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 896) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1868,
to which we adhered. I move that the Senate
reconsider its vote adhering to that amend-
ment, and further insist upon the amendment,
and agree to the conference asked by the
House. I will inquire of the Chair if there is
any mode by which we can get before that con-
ference, as it stands, the amendments from
which we receded, though I do not know that
it would be of any use. Suppose we recon-
sider the vote ? They have asked a conference
only on the forty-fourth amendment. How
can we get the other amendments before the
committee of conference?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate can reconsider both votes as well as one.
^r' FESSENDEN. But if we reconsider
Doth votes, the House having asked a confer-
ence now on the forty-fourth amendment alone,
can we amend the terms on which we go into
a conference again ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate can reconsider its vote; but without the
consent of the House the Chair thinks what
has already been agreed to by the two Houses
by their votes cannot be reopened.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I understand;
but there are certain amendments which have
not been agreed upon between the two Houses
from which the Senate receded. The Senate
receded and abandoned them all, and put the
question precisely upon this one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They agreed to the ac-
tion of the House by receding.
Mr. POLAND. We can reconsider that.
They have not had any action since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have notified the
House that we receded. Is there any way to
get that back ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate ad-
hered to its forty-fourth amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the Senate further insist on its
forty-fourth amendment, and agree to the fur-
ther conference asked by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Connf.ss, and Mr. Bucka-
lew.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of ex-
ecutive business ; and after some time spent
(herein, the doors were reopened.
OLIVER LUMPIIREY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1137, for the relief of Oliver Lum-
phrey. It will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It requires the Paymaster
General of the United States Army to cause
to be paid, out of any money appropriated or
which may hereafter be appropriated for the
payment of the Army of the United States, to
Oliver Lumphrey, late first lieutenant first New
York cavalry, a sum equal to the pay of a first
lieutenant of cavalry in active service, from the
30th of March, 1865, to the 13th of June, 1865,
deducting therefrom any amount that he may
have received as pay of a non-commissioned
officer or private for the same period of time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House No. 1176, making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1868, and had agreed
to the sixth amendment of the Senate with an
amendment, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John A. Kasson of Iowa,
Mr. N. P. Banks of Massachusetts, and Mr.
F. A. Pike of Maine, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution of the House
No. 226, extending the provisions of section
two of an act .entitled "An act to extend the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster's stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States,'' approved July 4, 1864, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. R. C.
Schenck of Ohio, Mr. Ralph Hii.l of In-
diana, and Mr. A. J. Kuykendall of Illinois,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
803) to enable the Secretary of War to carry
out an agreement in relation to water-power
for the arsenal at Rock Island, and a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 304) in relation to the
erection of a jail in the District of Columbia,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 532) for the relief of the in-
habitants of cities and towns upon the public
lands;
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of Hugh
Leddy;
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington ;
A bill (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 966) for the relief of
Ernest Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1039) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses,
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 1059) for the relief of
Sylvanus Sawyer and William E. Ward;
A bill (H. R. No. 1126) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1868, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1168) for the relief of
Elizabeth F. Chipman, widow of Major Charles
Chipman, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1220) to provide ways and
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and pay the claim of John R. Beckley;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
relief of Almanson Eaton, receiver of public
moneys for the land office at Stephens's Point,
Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) for the
relief of James J. Hudnall.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 303) to ena-
ble the Secretary of War to carry out an agree-
ment in relation to water-power for the arsenal
at Rock Island was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the resolu-
tion be put on its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object. I wish to
proceed with the deficiency bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this will take no
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must take time; it
will require an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The explanation will
only take a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to anything
until we get through with the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little in the chair.) The joint resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 304) in rela-
tion to the erection of a jail in the District
of Columbia was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appropri-
ations and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to proceed to
the consideration of that bill. There is no time
to examine it. We must pass it by guess, if
at all.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state that the
Committee on Finaneehave had no opportunity
to examine the bill, and I move that each item
be acted npon as it is read. Some things we
