1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount which they now receive in gold coin,
which is the currency there in circulation, or
its equivalent in paper. They state that coin
is virtually the recognized currency in the Pa-
cific States and Territories, and that the coin
prices of commodities in those States and Ter-
ritories are greater than the legal-tender prices
of the same in the eastern States. The allow-
ance for servant hire for officers is less than
one third the amount of a servant's wages on
the Pacific coast. They further state what
their compensation amounts to when reduced
to gold, which is the circulation there, giving
the' emoluments of a captain at $96 25 a month,
and so on. This petition is signed by a large
number of officers, and I know of my own
knowledge that there is a necessity for grant-
ing their request. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and I invite the attention of
that committee to it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the National Equal Eights League Convention
of Colored Men, held at Washington, January
10, 11, and 12, 1867. In presenting this very
important petition, I shall not err if I call the
attention of the Senate especially to its prayer.
They say this:
"Wherever your jurisdiction extends, and espe-
cially throughout all the Territories lately in rebel-
lion, where States are in due time to be reconstructed,
and the whole subject of the rights and franchises of
citizenship is to be adjusted, there we ask you to
secure to our people impartial suffrage and all the
rights and privileges of American citizens, equality
before the laws of our country."
They then proceed to say:
"Permit us further to remind you that the loyal
whites throughout the portion of our country late in
rebellion unite with one voice to implore you to
make the elective franchise impartial, irrespective
of race or color, believing it to be essential to their
own safety as well as to ours, and altogether vital to
the effective reconstruction of civil government and
the ascendency of loyal citizens in its administra-
tion."
In enforcing this prayer the petitioners dwell
with admirable effect on the promises of the
Declaration of Independence, which they ask
Congress to carry out; and they conclude as
follows:
"We ask a reconstruction therefore, gentlemen,
which, founded on impartial justice, brings safety
and peace to the loyal white American, happiness
and prosperity to our common country, while it is
the shield and buckler, the strong defense of the
American freedmen. Our plea is before you."
This petition is signed by John M. Langston,
president of the National Equal Rights League
Convention of Colored Men and by the three
secretaries of the convention.
You do not forget, Mr. President, that Lord
Chatham, when the papers of the American
Congress reached England, declared from his
seat in Parliament that there was nothing in
the political history of mankind which he had
read with more respect and admiration. He
pronounced those papers to be master-pieces.
But I venture to say, sir, that among the papers
at that time laid before Parliament there were
none to which that designation was more en-
tirely applicable than to this memorial and to
the resolutions adopted at "the same time by
that convention. That convention was held
here in Washington. Numerous as it was, and
composed of delegates from seventeen States,
it is perhaps not too much to characterize it
as in itself a congress—a congress of colored
jlfersons held here in the national capital in
order to plead with you, sir, on the critical
condition of the country.
I have said that seventeen States were repre-
sented. These were Kansas, Indiana, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Mary-
land, Virginia, North andSouth Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Kentucky, Tennessee, Louisi-
ana, Massachusetts, and California, and also
the District of Columbia. The number of dele-
gates was one hundred and ten. They repre-
sented well nigh all the callings of life. There
was one lawyer among them, and he was their
President—John M. Langston, of Ohio. There
were also among them two doctors, B. W.
Arnett and IL J. Brown, of Pennsylvania.
There were three bishops, Waytnan, Green, and
Talbot; ten ministers of the Gospel; three pro-
fessors of colleges ; five school-teachers; five
graduates from colleges; three professional
lecturers; two editors and publishers of news-
papers ; two grocers ; one merchant; two cot-
ton planters; a large number of mechanics and
farmers; one ex-captain and two ex-lieutenants
of the United States service, and three ex-chap-
lains. Let me add to this characterization that
a large majority of the delegates were once
slaves, and many of them gained their freedom
through the recent war.
I think, sir, I do not err when I say that such
a convention of colored people assembled here
in the national capital is in itself an event; but
if you will only carry out their prayer, you will
create an epoch in the history of this country
and in the history of civilization. Sir, in their
prayer I unite absolutely, and gladly place
myself by their side.
I ask that this petition be referred to the
joint Committee on Reconstruction,
It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am requested to ask
leave, on behalf of Mrs. Mary Ann Sands, to
withdraw the petition and papers praying for
compensation for services rendered by her
brother, Joseph Gideon, as acting purser of
the United States storeship Fredonia, which
were presented by her at the Thirty-Eighth
Congress. I am told that the papers were pre-
sented by myself. I do not now recollect about
the facts connected with the case, nor do I rec-
ollect what was the action of the committee
with regard to it; but on her behalf her attor-
ney in New York, Mr. Tremaine, has asked for
the withdrawal of the papers ; and I move that
leave be given to withdraw them so that they
may be sent to her.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Knauth, Nnehod & Kiihne, import-
ers of dry goods iu the city of New York, have leave
to withdraw from the files of the Senate their peti-
tion, praying for relief for the loss of goods stolen
from the appraisers' storehousewhilein thecare and
keeping of Government officials.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Watters, a lieu-
tenant in the United States Navy, praying for com-
pensation for property destroyed by the burning of
the United States receiving-ship Pennsylvania, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 173) for the relief of Ober,
Nanson & Co., merchants of New York, re-
ported it without amendment.
NATIONAL CEMETERIES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back without amendment the bill (H.
R. No. 788) to establish and protect national
cemeteries; and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The first section provides that
in the arrangement of the national cemeteries
in the States lately in rebellion and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, established for the burial of
deceased soldiers and sailors, the Secretary of
War shall have them inclosed with a good and
substantial stone or iron fence; and hereafter
such cemeteries are to be laid out in sections,
to contain not less than two hundred nor more
than three hundred graves; and to each sec-
tion there shall be erected a marble or granite
monument on which shall be inscribed the name
of each soldier buried in such section, with his
rank, number of his regiment, his company,
and State.
The second section provides that each grave
shall be marked with a small marble or cast-
iron headstone, with the number of the grave
thereon corresponding with the number oppo-
site to the name of the party inscribed on the
monument. And national cemeteries already
established are to be made to conform, as fer
as practicable, to the foregoing plan.
Section three directs the Secretary of War
to erect at the principal entrance of each of
these national cemeteries a suitable building
to be occupied as a porter's lodge, and to de-
tail a meritorious ana trustworthy sergeant to
reside therein for the purpose of guarding and
protecting the cemetery and giving information
to parties visiting it. The Secretary is also to
detail some officer of the Army, not under the
rank of colonel, to visit annually all of the
cemeteries, and to inspect and report to him
their condition and the amount of money ne-
cessary to protect them, to sod the graves,
gravel and grade the walks and avenues, and
to keep the sections and grounds in full and
complete order; and the Secretary is to trans-
mit the report to Congress at the commence-
ment of each session, together with an estimate
of the appropriation necessary for the purpose.
By section four any person who shall will-
fully destroy, mutilate, -deface, injure, or re-
move any-tomb, monument, gravestone, or
other structure, in any of the national ceme-
teries', or shall willfully destroy, cut, break,
injure, or remove any tree, shrub, or plant
within the limits of any of them shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upoa
conviction thereof before any district or cir-
cuit court of the United States within any
State or district where any of the cemeteries
are situated, shall be liable to a fine of not less
than twenty-five nor more than one hundred
dollars, or to imprisonment of not less than
fifteen nor more than sixty days, according to
the nature and aggravation of the offense. And
the sergeant, or other officer on guard, in charge
of any national cemetery, is to have authority to
arrest forthwith any person engaged in commit-
ting any misdemeanor thus prohibited, and to
bring such person before any United States
commissioner or judge of any district or cir-
cuit court of the United States within any State
or district where any of the cemeteries are sit-
uated, for the purpose of holding the person to
answer for the misdemeanor.
The fifth section proposes to make it the
duty of the Secretary of War to purchase from
the owner or owners thereof, at such price as
may be mutually agreed upon between them
and the Secretary, such real estate as in his
judgment is suitable and necessary for the
purpose of carrying into effect the provisions
of the bill, and to obtain from the owner or
owners title in fee-simple. In case the Secre-
tary of War shall not be able to agree with the
owner or owners of any real estate needed for
the purpose of the act upon the price to be
paid therefor, or to obtain from them title in
fee-simple, he may enter upon and appropriate
any real estate which, in his judgment, is suit-
able and necessary for the purposes of the act.
By the sixth section the Secretary of War,
or the owner or owners of any real estate thus
entered upon and appropriated, may make
application for an appraisement of the real
estate thus entered upon and appropriated to
any district or circuit court within any State
or district where the real estate is situated;
and those courts upon such application, and in
such mode and under such rules and regula-
tions as they may adopt, are to make a just
and equitable appraisement of the cash value
of the several interests of each and every owner
of the real estate arid improvements thereon
entered upon and appropriated for the pur-
poses of the act.
The seventh section provides that the fee-
simple of all real estate thus entered upon and
appropriated for the purposes of the act, and
of which appraisement shall have been made
under the order and direction of the courts,
shall, upon payment to the owner or owners
respectively of the appraised value, or in case
the owner or owners refuse or neglect for thirty
days after the appraisement of the cash value
to demand the same from the Secretary of War
upon (lepositing.it in the proper court to the
credit of the owner or owners respectively, be
