1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
can explain; in others the explanation is rather
feeble, and the Senate will do what they feel
disposed to do about them. At this hour we
cannot get any information about anything in
the bill. Many things were put in by a vote of
the House. Some things in it we do not under-
stand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be rend. \
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the differ- i
ent items be read slowly and be cousidered as j
adopted, unless some one requires an explana- [
tion or an objection is made. ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course j
will be taken, in the absence of objection. j
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, as
follows:
Be it enacted. <te„ That the following sums, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the objects hereinafter
expressed, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
namely:
Department of the Interior, Pension Bureau:
To meet deficiencies of the present fiscal year on
account of pensions for Army widows and others
under various acts, $10,000,00".
For contingent expenses, $10,000.
For Navy widows and orphans, $70,000: Provided,
that said sum be transferred from the Navy pension
fund.
The Secretary read the next items, as fol-
lows:
Engineer's Office:
To meet deficiencies of the present fiseal year on
account of engineer officer having the supervision of
the Union Pacific Railroad and branches, land-grant
railroads, and wagon roads, namely:
For compensation of clerks, $3,800.
For contingencies, $500.
The Secretary read the next items, as fol-
lows :
For Capitol Extension:
For eight additional monolithic columns, $11,200.
For ventilating, $9,000.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Census Office:
For the purpose of paying the amount due to cer-
tain United States marshals and their assistants for
services rendered in taking the eighth census, in the
year 1860, in the following States, namely: in the
State of California, $9,460 48; in the State of Maine,
$33 06; in the State of Ohio, $49 69; in the State of
Oregon, 83,160 20; in the State of Kansas, $68 40; in
the State of Kentucky, $9,311 50: in the State of
Maryland, $4,781 40; in the State of Missouri, $8,343;
in the State of Tennessee, $20,842 18; in the Territory
of New Mexico, $784 69; in the Territory of Wash-
ington, $99 09; being in the aggregate $56,933 69;
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appropri-
ated shall be paid to or on account of any claimant
who participated in the late rebellion or gave to it
aid and comfort.
Mr. POMEROY. There never has been any
deficiency in Arizona; but the Government
has never paid for taking the census in Arizona
at all. The precise amount I do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There were a couple
of bills received a short time since from the
House of Representatives, one of them the
naval appropriation bill, which I desire to have
taken up now in order that conference com-
mittees may be appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate will be laid aside informally
for that purpose.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
tiie bill (H. II. No. 1176) making appropria-
tion for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1868, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives and the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without reading the
action of the House, I move that the request
for a committee of conference be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
■ that the Senate insist on its amendments and
agree to the conference asked by the House
3? Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
t*hat the amendments are that are disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps they had belter
be read ; we may agree to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We made but five or
six amendments, I think.
The Secretary proceeded to read the action
of the House of Representatives, as follows:
Hacked, That the House concur in the second and
fifth amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1176) making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30,1868, and non-concur in the
amendments numbered one, three, four, and seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
those amendments stated.
The Secretary. The first amendment is
after line eleven to insert:
For the purchase of wharf adjoining the navy-yard,
$135,000: Provided, That this sutn shall cover the whole
cost of the property, and it can be acquired on terms
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Had we not better recede
and pass the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Is that the only point of
difference?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear what the
others are.
The Secretary. The third amendment is
to strike out from line four, to the end of line
eighteen on page 4, as follows:
Provided, That the offices of civil engineer, master
machinist, master carpenter 
Mr. HENDRICKS. We know what that is.
Mr. SUMNER. Do they insert anything?
The Secretary. The Senate struck out
that clause and the House refused to concur.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the following clause:
For pay of some suitable person appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy to examine the archives of the
Department and other sources of information and
collect and collate facts which may illustrate the
history of the United States Navy, $1,500.
The seventh amendment to which the House
non-concur was to insert as an additional sec-
tion :
And be it further enacted. That no workingman in
a navy-yard shall be required nor requested to con-
tribute or pay any money for political purposes; nor
shall any workingman be removed or discharged
for political opinions; and any officer or employe of
the Qovernmentwho shall offend against this section
shall be dismissed the service of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What do they do about
that?
Mr. SUMNER. They non-concur.
The Secretary. And the House add to the
sixth amendment of the Senate the following
proviso :
Provided, That the titleacquiredshallbeapproved
by the Attorney General, and the exchange shall be
effected without expenditure from the Treasury of
the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
moved that the Senate insist on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, disagree to
the amendment of the House to the sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
conference asked by the House.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better recede from
them all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to recede takes precedence of a motion to in-
sist and agree to a conference. It is moved
that the Senate recede from its amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall not do
that. That would leave in the clause about
" master carpenters," &c.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House of Representa-
tives.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is already made. The other superseded it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hendricks, Mr. Sprague, and Mr. Wil-
ley conferees on the part of the Senate.
supplies for Wallace's command.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 226) extending
the provisions of section two of an act entitled
"An act to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, and to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States," approved July 4, 1864.
Mr HENDRICKS. That is a little bill in
regard to the supplies of the men engaged in
the Morgan raid through Indiana which was
discussed the other day. I move that the Sen-
ate insist upon its amendments, and agree to
the conference asked by the House. A mem-
ber of the House feels a great anxiety about it,
and he has asked me to do it; and he says that
he thinks the matter can be readily adjusted if
a committee should be appointed. I should
like to have my colleague on that committee
of conference, as he is very familiar with the
subject. He is not here now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do think we ought not
to go to a committee of conference on a little
bill of that kind. The amendment of the Sen-
ate was that these persons who took the prop-
erty must be acting quartermasters, and the
House disagree to that, and insist that the per-
sons who took the property 
Mr. HENDRICKS. A few minutes ago a
colleague of mine from the House came to see
me about it, and he said that if the request for
a committee of conference were agreed to he
had no doubt it could be made satisfactory to
both sides. I do not know much about this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Everything it seems
must go to the committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is important to pass
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would either recede
or let the House do so. I would not send it
to a committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing, if the
Senate is, to recede.
Mr. HOWE. We ought not to recede.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think we
ought to have such a principle in any bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose any
damage will be done if we recede. The mem-
ber of the House whose district is most inter-
ested says the use of these very technical
words will defeat the purpose of the bill. I
move that the Senate recede, and let the bill
be the House bill.
Mr. HOWE. I tninst nati s a very dangerous
kind of legislation, to make the Government
liable for what everybody may have taken for the
use of troops employed on that raid, whether
he was an officer or not; not even limiting it
to those who were acting as quartermasters.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We had better not have
a controversy about it. The member of the
House is willing to have a committee of con-
ference. I am not choice about it. But it is so
well understood among us in Indiana that I
apprehend there would be no trouble under
the bill as the House passed it. We want to
pay simply foT the horses that were taken into
the service and used by the Government and
retained by the Government at the close of the
raid.
Mr. HOWE. It is not for the payment of
horses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is principally, my
colleague says.
The motion to recede was not agreed to—
ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House, and that the con-
ference committee on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore nppointed
Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Harris.
deficiency bill. r
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 12:!") making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes.
The Secretary read the next item of the bill,
as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the indebtedness incurred for the
