1861
THE €GtfGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
hut whenever by that act the inquisition of the
jury is required to be returned to the clerk of
the circuit court, to be confirmed by that court
at its next session, if not sufficient cause to the
contrary be shown, the inquisitions under this
act shall be returned by the marshal to the su-
preme court ofthe Districtof Columbia, which
court shall have the same jurisdiction and
powers over the subject-matter as the said cir-
cuit court would have under the act of Mary-
land. .
Whenever the company, in the"construction
of a railroad into or within the District shall
find it necessary to cross or intersect any es-
tablished road, street, or other way, it shall be
the duty of the company so to construct the
railroad across such established road, street, or
other way, as not to impede the,passage or
transportation of persons or property along
the same ; and where it shall be necessary to
pass the railroad through the land of any indi-
vidual within the District, it shall also be the
duty of the company to provide for such indi-
vidual proper wagon ways across the railroad
from one part of his land to another; but
nothing in the act is to be so construed as to
authorize the entry by the company upon any
lot or square, or upon any part of any lot or
square, owned by the United States, or by any
other body or bodies, private or corporate, or
by any individual or individuals within the
limits of the city of Washington, for the pur1
poses of locating or constructing the road, or
of excavating the same, or for the purpose of
taking therefrom any materials, or for any
other, purpose or uses • whatsoever ; but the
company, in passing into the District, and
constructing the railroad within it, shall enter
the city of Washington atsuch place, and shall
pass along such public street or alley, to such
point or terminus •within the city as the com-
pany shall find best calculated to promote the
objects of the road ; but the level of the road
within the city is to conform to the present
graduation of the streets, unless the corpora-
tion shall agree to a different level.
The rate actually charged and received on
all that part' of the road within the District is
not to exceed eight cents per ton per mile for
both tolls and transportation, and to be the
same each way; and the privileges granted by
the bill are upon the condition that the com-
pany shall charge the same rate of toll upon
the same articles going either way between
Baltimore and Washington.
The company are also to be empowered to
make such special contract with any duly au-
thorized officer or agent of the United-States
for the conveyance of the mail or the transpor-
tation of persons or property for the use of the
United States, on any railroad which has been
or shall be constructed by the company, on such
terms as shall be approved of by the competent
officer or authority; and in all such instances
to receive the compensation so agreed for,
according to the terras of each contract.
The company may charge and receive, for
taking up and setting down any passenger or
traveler within the District, conveyed a shorter
distance than four miles, a sum not exceeding
twelve cents.
Unless the company shall commence the
lateral road authorized by the. bill within two
years, and complete it with at least one set of
tracks within four years from its passage, then
the act, and all rights and privileges granted
by it, shall cease and determine. But the act
is not to be so construed as to prevent the
Congress of the United States from granting
the same or similar privileges to any other
company or companies incorporated or to be
incorporated by the State of Maryland or by
Congress, or from authorizing, by any future
law, such additional railroads or roads, in con-
nection with this road, so as to extend it, or to
construct others connected therewith, to such
parts ofthe District as from time to time may
be required by the convenience of those parts
of the District into which the company are now
restrained from carrying1 their road, or from
enacting such rules and regulat.ionaf,prescribing
the speed of ears or carriages passing over the
road, and any other matters relating thereto,
necessary for the security of the persons and
property of the inhabitants of the District, in
such manner as to the present or any future
Congress' shall seem expedient; and nothing
contained in the act is to be construed to give
any rights or privileges to the company beyond
the limits of the District of Columbia.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia was in sec-
tion three, lines twenty-five, twenty-six, and
twenty-seven, to strike out the words "the
said company shall find best calculated to pro-
mote the objects of said road," and in lieu
thereof to insert "may be allowed by Con-
gress upon presentation of survey and map of
proposed location of said road;" so as to read:
Shall enter the city of Washington at such place,
and shall' pass along such public street or alley to
such point or terminus within the said city as may
be allowed by Congress upon presentation of survey
and map of proposed location of said road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
eight the following additional proviso:
And provided further. That Congress shall have
power to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move further to amend the
bill by striking out in lines sixteen and seven-
teen of section three the words "or by any
other body or bodies, private or corporate, or
by any individual or individuals." If those
words remain they are entirely repugnant to
the objects of the bill, and I do not see how
the company could get their road into the Dis-
trict at all. If these words be striken out the
section will read; "upon any lot or square,
or upon any part of any lot or square, owned
by the United States within the limits of the
city of Washington." Of course the road must
pass over somebody's property, and the bill
provides for the manner in which that property
may be condemned, if necessary, in the usual
way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose that amend-
ment is necessary to enable the bill to operate,
because the road must pass over property be-
longing to the public or belonging to some indi-
vidual ; and if I understand the amendment,
the Senator from Ohio proposes to strikeout
the latter words. I have no objection to that
amendment, but I trust he will oblige me by
letting the bill go over. Indeed I believe the
time has come for the termination of business
ofthe morning hour.
Mr. WADE. I should like to make a couple
of verbal amendments, which will not take more
than a few moments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
The P11ES1 DENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, this bill can only be
proceeded with by common consent.
Mr. WADE. It will not take two minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel it my duty to object.
It will evidently take some time.
Mr. WADE. No, I only wish to make two
verbal amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well I will give you five
minutes. Let the special order be laid aside
informally for that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. , The spe-
cial order is laid aside by unanimous consent
for the purpose indicated.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that I hardly think the lan-
guage which he proposes to strike out is repug-
nant to the general object of the bill or that
any embarrassment can arise from it. If he
thinks so, however, I shall not object to the
amendment.
Section one authorizes the location of this
road; section two provides the manner of pur-
chasing the right of way, and on failure to pur-
chase the right of way, the manner in which
they may condemn it; and I think this language
is put in simply to prevent their doing it with-
out condemnation.
Mr. WADE. No, it would prevent them
going on the land of private owners at all.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, if the Senator
thinks so I shall not object to his amendment.
Mr. WADE. Thereeanbe noobjectiontoife.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill fur-
ther by striking out in line thirty of section three
the words "the said corporation'' and insert-
ing " Congress," leaving it entirely under the
control and direction of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the term "corpora-
tion" as there used apply to the city?
Mr. WADE. I presume it does. The lan-
guage is " that the level of said road within the
said city shall conform to the present gradua-
tion of the streets, unless the said corporation
shall agree to a different level." I want-it to
read: "unless Congress shall agree to a differ-
ent level." Congress has entire control of the
subject by other provisions.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly if the word " cor-
poration" there applies to the city the amend-
ment is right. ;
Mr. WADE. Undoubtedly it applies to the
city and cannot apply to anything else.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. Now, I move in line thirty-
feone of that section to strike out "agreed to"
and insert "authorized;" so as to read "un-
less Congress shall authorize a different level."
This is a mere verbal amendment.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator from Ohio
is through with his amendments I desire to
repeat the suggestion which I before made that
he would oblige me by letting the bill go over.
Mr. WADE. I do not ask any further action
now. Let it go over and stand as unfinished
business for to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is Senate bill
No. 433.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice yesterday
that at one o'clock to-day I should call up the
Niagara ship-canal bill. Of course I cannot
antagonize it with this bill, which is unfinished
business, but I give notice that the moment
this bill is passed I shall call up the Niagara
ship-canal bill and antagonize it against any
other measure that stands in its way.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of
offices, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Slmxbb to amend the amendment
agreed to as in Committee of the Whole by
adding to it the following additional section:
And be it further enacted. That all officers or ageqts,
except clerks of Departments, now appointed by the
President or by the head of any Department, whose
salary or compensation, derived from fees or other-
wise. exeeeds $1,000 annually, shall be nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate; and the terfti of a.11 saeh
officers or agents who have been appointed since the
1st day of July, 1803, either by the President or by the
head of a Department, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall expire on the last day of
February, 1S66.
Mr. SUMNER. It is only little more than
a year ago that I felt it my duty to character-
ize a message of the President as " white-
washing." The. message represented the con-
dition of things in the rebel States as fair and
promising when the prevailing evidence was
directly the other way. Of course the Message
was whitewashing," and this was a' mild
term for siich a document. But you do' not
forget how certain Senators, horror-strnek at
this plainness, leaped forward to vindicate the
President. Yesterday some of these same
Senators, horror-struck again, leaped forward
again in the same task. Time has shown that
I was right on the former occasion. If any-
body doubts that I was right yesterday I com-
mend him to time. He will not be obliged to
wait long. Meanwhile I shall insist always
upon complete freedom of debate, and I shall
exercise it. John Milton, in his glorious aspi-
i rations, said. "Give ine the liberty to know,
i to utter, and to argue freely above all liber-
1 ties." Thank God, now that slave masters
