542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
have been driven from this Chamber, such is
the liberty of an American Senator i Of course
there can be no citizen of a Republic too high
for exposure, as there can be none too low for
protection. The exposure of the powerful and
the protection of the weak; these are not only
invaluable liberties but commanding duties.
At last the country is opening its eyes to the
actual condition of things. Already it sees
that Andrew Johnson, who came to supreme
power by a bloody accident, As become the
successor of Jefferson Davis in the spirit by
which he is governed and in the mischief he is
inflicting on his country, It sees the Presi-
dent of the Rebellion revived in the President
of the United States. It sees that the violence
which took the life of his illustrious predecessor
is now by his perverse complicity extending
throughout the rebel States, making all who
love the Union its victims and filling the land
with tragedy. It sees that the war upon the
faithful Unionists is still continued under his
powerful auspices, without any distinction of
color, so that all, both white and black, are sac-
rificed. It sees that he is the minister of dis-
cord, and not the minister of peace. It sees that,
so long as his influence prevails, there is small
chance of tranquillity, security, or reconcilia-
tion ; that the restoration of prosperity in the
rebel States, so much longed for, must be ar-
rested ; that the business of the whole country
must be embarrassed, and that those conditions
on which a sound currency depends must be
postponed. All these things the country now
sees. But indignation assumes the form of
judgment when it is seen also that this incred-
ible, unparalleled, and far-reaching mischief,
second only to the Rebellion itself, of which it
is a continuation, is invigorated and extended
through a plain usurpation.
I know that the President sometimes quotes
the Constitution and professes to carry out its
behests. But this pretension is of little value.
A French historian, whose fame as a writer is
eclipsed by his greater fame as an orator, who
has held important posts, and now in advancing
years is still eminent in public life, has used
words which aptly characterize an attempt like
that of the President. I quote from the history
of M. Thiers, while describing what is known
as the resolution of the 18th Brumaire:
" When any one wishes to make a revolution or a
counter-revolution it is necessary always to disguise
the illegality as much as possible and to this end to
use the terms of the Constitution in order to destroy
it, and also the members of a Government in order
to overturn it."
In this spirit the President has acted. He has
bent Constitution, laws, and men to his arbi-
trary will, and has even invoked the Declara-
tion of Independence forthe overthrow of those
Equal Rights which it so grandly proclaims.
In holding up Andrew Johnson to judgment,
I do not dwell on his open exposure of himself
in a condition of beastly intoxication while he
was taking his oath of office; nor do I dwell
on the maudlin speeches by which he has de-
graded the country as it was never degraded
before; nor do I hearken to any reports of
pardons sold, or of personal corruption. This
is not the case against him, as I deem it my
duty to present it in this argument. These
things are bad, very bad; but they might not,
in the opinion of some Senators, justify us on
the present occasion. In other words, they
might not be a sufficient reason for the amend-
ment which 1 have moved.
But there is a reason which is ample. The
President has usurped the powers of Congress
011 a colossal scale, and he has employed these
usurped powers in fomenting the rebel spirit
and awakening anew the dying fires of the re-
bellion. Though the head of the Executive,
he has rapaciously seized the powers of the
Legislative and made himself a whole Con-
gress in defiance of a cardinal principle of
republican government that each branch must
act for itself without assuming the powers of
the other ; and, in the exercise of these illegit-
imate powers, he has become a terror to the
good and a support to the wicked. This is
oil great and unpardonable-offense, for which
history must condemn him if you do not. He
is a usurper, through whom infinite wrong has
been done to his country. He is a usurper,
who, promising to be a Moses, has become a
Pharaoh. Do you ask for evidence? It is
found in public acts which are beyond ques-
tion. It is already written in the history of
of our conntry. And now in the maintenance
of his usurpation he has employed the power
of removal from office. Some, who would not
become the partisans of his tyranny he has,
according to his own language, " kicked out."
Others are left, but silenced by this menace and
the fate of their associates. Wherever any va-
cancy occurs, whether in the loyal or the rebel
States, it is filled by the partisans of his usurp-
ation. Other vacancies are created to provide
for these partisans.- I neednotadd that just in
proportion as we sanction such nominations or
fail to arrest them, according to the measure
of our power, we become parties to his usurp-
ation.
Here I am brought directly to the practical
application of this simple statement. I have
already said that the duty of the hour was in
protection to the loyal and patriotic citizen
against the President. Surely this cannot be
doubted. The first duty of a Government is
protection. The crowning glory,of a Republic
is that it leaves no man, however humble,
without protection. Show me a man exposed
to wrong and I show you an occasion for the
exercise of all the power that God and the
Constitution have given you. It will not do to
say that the cases are too numerous, or that
the remedy cannot be applied without inter-
fering with a system handed down from our
fathers, or worse still, that you have little sym-
pathy with this suffering.. This will not do. You
must apply the remedy, or fail in duty. Espe-
cially must you apply it when, as on the present
occasion, this wrong is part of an enormous
usurpation in the interest of recent Rebellion.
The question then recurs, are you ready to
apply the remedy, according to the measure
ofyour powers ? The necessity of this remedy
may be seen in the rebel States, and also in the
loyal States, for the usurpation is felt in both.
If you look at the rebel States, you will see
everywhere the triumph of Presidential tyranny.
There is not a mail which does not bring letters
without number supplicating the exercise of
all the powers of Congress against the Presi-
dent. There is not a newspaper which does
not exhibit evidence that you are already tardy
in this work of necessity. There is not a wind
from that suffering region which is not freighted
with voices of distress. And yet you hesitate.
I shall not be led aside to consider the full
remedy for this usurpation ; for it is not my
habit to travel out of the strict line of debate.
Therefore, I confine myself to the bill now
under consideration, which is applicable alike
to the loyal and the rebel States.
This bill has its origin in what I have already
called the special duty of the hour, which is
the protection of loyal and patriotic citizens
against the President. In what I have already
said I have shown the necessity of this protec-
tion. But the brutal language which the Presi-
dent has employed shows the spirit in which
he has acted. The Senator from Indiana. [Mr.
Hbndricks,] whose judgment could not ap-
prove this brutality, doubted if the President
had used it. Let me settle this question. Here
is the National Intelligencer, always indulgent
to the President. In its number for 13th of
September last it thus reports what our Chief
Magistrate said in a speech at St. Louis:
" I believe that one set of men have enjoyed the
emoluments of office long enough, and they should
let another portion of the people have a chance,
[Cheers.] How are these men to be got out, [a voice
'Kick 'em out,'—cheers and laughter,] unless your
Executive can put them out—unless you can reach
them through the President? Congress says he shall
not turn them out, and they are trying to pass laws
to prevent it being done. Well, let me say to you,
if you will stand by me in this action—[cheers]—if
you will stand by me in trying to give the people a
fair chance—to have soldiers and citizens to partici-
pate in these offices—God be willing, I will kick them
out; I will kick them out justas fast as loan." [Great
cheoring.J
Such language as this is without precedent.
Coming from the President, it is a declaration
of "policy" which it is your duty to counter-
act; and in this duty you must make a prece-
dent, if need be.
The bill now before the Senate arises from
this necessity. Had Abraham Lincoln been
spared to us there would have been no occasion
for this bill, which the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] has shaped with so much care,
and now presses so earnestly. It is a bill
arising from the exigency of the hour. As
such it is to be judged. But it does not meet
the whole case. Undertaking to give protec-
tion, it gives it to a few only, instead of the
many. It provides against the removal, ap-
pointment, or employment of persons whose
offices, according to existing law and Consti-
tution, are held by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. Its special object is to
vindicate the power of the Senate over the
offices committed to it according to existing
law and Constitution. Thus vindicating the
power of the Senate it does something indi-
rectly for the protection of the citizen. In
this respect it is a beneficent measure, and I
shall be glad to vote for it.
The amendment which I have moved goes
further in the same direction. It provides
that all agents and officers now appointed by
the President, or by the head of a Department,
shall be appointed only by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate ; and it farther
proceeds to vacate all such appointments made
since 1st July last past, so as in a certain
measure to arrest the recent process of "kick-
ing out." This proposition is simple enough ;
and I insist that it is necessary, unless you are
willing to leave fellow-citizens without protec-
tion against tyranny. Really the case is so
plain that I do not like to argue it, and yet
you will pardon me if I advert to certain
objections which have been made.
Wehavebeen told that the numberof persons
it would bring before the Senate is such that it
would clog and embarrass the public business;
in other words, that we have not time to deal
with so many cases. This is a strange argu-
ment. Because the victims are numerous,
therefore, we are to fold our hands and let the
sacrifice proceed. But I insist that just in pro-
portion to the number is the urgency of your
duty. Every victim has a voice, and when these
voices count by thousands you have no right to
turn away and say, ''these are too numerous
for the attention of the Senate." This is my
answer to the objection founded on numbers.
But this is not all. You did not shrink dur-
ing the war from the numerous nominations of
military officers, counting by thousands; nor
did you shrink from the numerous nominations
of naval officers, counting by thousands. The
power over these nominations you never re-
laxed, and I know well you never will relax.
You know that, even if unable to consider
carefully every case, yet the power over them
enables you to interpose your veto on any
improper nomination. The power of the Sen-
ate is a warning against tyranny in the Ex-
ecutive. But it is difficult to see any strong
reason for this power in the case of the Army
and Navy which is not applicable also to
civil officers. This I should say in tranquil
times ; but there is another reason peculiar to
the hour. Even if in tranquil times I were
disposed to .leave the appointing power as it is,
I am not disposed now.
Then, again, we are told that we must not
abandon the system of our fathers. I have
already answered this objection precisely, in
saying that, whatever may have been the
system of the fathers, it is inadequate for the
present hour. But I am not satisfied that the
proposition moved by me is inconsistent with
the system of the fathers. The officers of the
internal revenue did not exist then, and the
inferior officers of the customs were few in
number and with small emoluments. But all
district attornies and marshals, even if tlieir
salary was no more than $200, were subject to
the confirmation of the Senate.
