1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much pleased
indeed, for one, that the conference committee
have made this change. I made the propo-
sition in the first place, in lieu of the original
provision that the Senate should elect this
officer, which I thought was clearly unconsti-
tional, on the spur of the moment, that the
Quartermaster General should have charge of
this business. On the suggestion of several
Senators I was about to modify it, and had so
made a memorandum, giving it to the chief
engineer of the Army of the United States,
an officer whom it appeared to me on reflec-
tion it was more suitable to intrust with this
charge. Afterward, on the suggestion of some
Senators, my friend from Illinois in particular,
who thought it should be a civil engineer, I
submitted the proposition, which was finally
adopted, that it should be left to the charge of
a civil engineer to be appointed, &c. My own
judgment is that if we are to abolish the office
of Commissioner of Public Buildings—and we
all agree to that—no more appropriate func-
tionary could possibly be selected than the
chief engineer. We all know that the actual
duties are performed, not by the chief officer,
whether you call him a Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings or the Quartermaster General or
a civil engineer or what; the actual duties
are performed by subordinates; but the general
superintendent to control the men, who com-
pels responsibility, is the person whom we
appoint. Now, the chief engineer of the
Army, a man of science, a man of education,
a man of honor and integrity, a man of impar-
tiality, is, I think, above all others the appro-
priate person to whom this trust should be
confided, because it involves more than almost
any other matter that we have to do with here,
(juestions of practical science and engineer-
ing, of architecture, of science, of taste. I
am very glad indeed that the conference com-
mittee have made this change, and I hope the
Senate will agree to it without a division.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I predict that at the next
session, before it is very far advanced, the
Senate and the other House will change this
provision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the office of chief
engineer of the Army is a mere sinecure, it is
well enough to give him something to do ; but
if he is the engineer of the Army of the Uni-
ted States I apprehend he has enough to do
without seeing to putting down the carpet in
the President's House and without looking
after the President's stables. I have not a
great deal of interest in this matter. I think
this proposition ought not to be agreed to, for
the reason that the care of the public buildings
here does not belong to the Army; it is not a
part of the duties of the Army; it has no busi-
ness with the Army ; and I think it is degrad-
ing the office of the principal engineer of the
Army to compel him to take charge of any
such concern as this.
Then the other provision, giving the Clerk
of the House of Representatives the power to
appoint newspapers to do printing, merely to
give money to some proprietor when extra
printing shall be done, is a thing which will
certainly be abused as time rolls round. It is
just the natural kind of abuse, just one of
those rotten places where we find just that kind
of thing. Senators say it is all right; it is in-
tended to stop an abuse.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to prolong the debate; but let me tell the Sen-
ator that it is said that the Executive Depart-
ments, instead of complying with the law and
sending all printing to the Government Print-
ing Office, have employed in this city and else-
where quite a number of persons who have just
been given jobs at jobbing prices for merely
publishing political pamphlets. I do not vouch
for that statement; but that is the allegation.
This proposition will cut up that abijpe. The
Clerk of the House will not designate any news-
papers, because the effect will be that all this
printing of the character described will be sent
to the Public Printer as the law specifically
requires. But if any is to be given out, I would
rather allow the Clerk of the House to do it
than anybody else. I hope there will be none
given.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No doubt Mr. Mc-
Pherrox would make a very able selection
of papers. That is all there is to that. Dur-
ing the war it was impossible for all the print-
ing to be done at the Government Office.
Therefore there had to be employments out-
side. The War Department required such an
immense amount of blanks that they could
not be printed at the Public Printing Office.
The amount of printing required was enor-
mous. I was aware of the fact that some
printing had to be done outside of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office. Now, my opinion is
there is no occasion for this proposition. I
should think so, without knowing very much
about it. How it is I do not know. I think
we had better not concur in this report, and
let these things be fixed up right by another
committee.
The report was concurred in.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee o*f the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1227) making appropriations and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1866, thequestion pendingbeing
on the motion to strike out the following clause:
For dredging and maintaining the channel of the
river Thames, near Norwich, in the State-of Connec-
ticut, to complete the work, $36,000.
Mr. FOSTER. I really hope this appro-
priation will not be stricken out. This is all
there is for the State of Connecticut, except an
item of $2,500. It is a small sum ; it is really
needed. It is beneficial to the States north of
us, Massachusetts, Vermont, and New Hamp-
shire, as much as to Connecticut. A vast
amount of the manufactured goods and mer-
chandise passing over the railroads that center
at Norwich goes thence by waterto New York,
passing on this river, and goods from New York
for those States pass up this river. It is a mat-
ter of great importance to the commerce of
that section that the navigation of this river
be improved. I really hope the clauge will be
retained in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no time to
debate this matter; but I wish simply to say
that there is no proof before the committee,
and I can find none anywhere, that this appro-
priation is recommended by anybody except the
member of the House from Connecticut, Mr.
Brakdegee, who moved it, who said he had a
statement from some engineer. I consider
such legislation entirely unsafe, and I therefore
move to strike out the clause. There will prob-
ably be a committee of conference on this bill,
and then if the House can explain this item
satisfactorily I shall be very glad to allow the
appropriation to stand. I do not regard im-
provements of this kind as being for the benefit
of any particular State, butasbeingfor the pub-
lic advantage. I only want to be sure that they
come before us properly.
Mr. FOSTER. This sum is less than the
estimate made by the engineer who has surveyed
the work. It was recommended years ago;
but during the war money was not appropriated
for the purpose, and so it lay by for years with-
out any appropriation. No appropriation ex-
cept a very few thousands, less than $10,000,
till this year has been made for more than ten
years past.
The motion to strike out was rejected—ayes
eleven, noes not counted.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
bill, as follows:
For services rendered by the late F. M. Rotch, in
furnishingan original article "on cattle" for the Agri-
cultural Report of 1861, $212 50, to be paid to the
widow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike that
out. We do not know anything about it.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as fol-
lows:
To enable the Commissioner of Publio Buildings to
pay to M. Reynolds, John F. McNally, Patrick Gil-
foy, Peter Kyle, and Jmin McCarthy $100 each for
extra labor upon the President's garden and grounds
prior to the ith of March, I860, $o00.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
that item. _ We do not know anything about it.
The motion was agreed to.
The next two items were read, as follows:
For the purposo of enabling the Director of the
Mint to purchasopublications relating to metals and
the manipulations thereof for the library of the Mint.
$1,000.
For defraying the expenses incurred by the Depart-
ment of State by sending telegraphic dispatches over
tho Atlantic cable, $30,000 for the current year.
The next item was read, as follows:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to
pay tho balance duo P. R.Fendall for labor employed
in editing the writings of James Madison, $2,100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike that
out.
The motion was agreed to.
The following items, to which no amend-
ment was moved, were next read:
For preservation andcareof theunfinishedcustom-
house building at Charleston, South Carlina, and
fitting up the interior to provide suitable offices for
the use of the United States, including court-rooms.
$25,000.
To enable the Light-House Board to erect in tho
lower bay of New York one or more permanent bea-
cons, $45,000.
To enable theSecretary of the Treasury to purchaso
tho stereotype plates and copyright of the American
Coast Pilot, $20,000.
The next item was read, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry
into effect the provision of the sevonth section of the
act of Congress entitled "An act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over public lands,
and for other purposes," approved July 26, 1866.
$36,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of that from somebody.
Mr. STEWART. I can give an explana-
tion. It is recommended by the Interior De-
partment. In the bill for the disposal of the
mining lands there is a section providing that
new land offices may be created where the exi-
gencies of the case may require by the Presi-
dent. He has created none; but there are two
or three that it is very necessary to create, and
several will be created when that bill comes
into operation if there be an appropriation for
the purpose. We do not know exactly how
many will be wanted yet; but when that bill
gets fairly into operation we shall have to have
more land offices to do the work. This is to
meet that contingency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think under the cir-
cumstances we had better defer it to the next
session, for I really do not know anything
about it.
Mr. CONNESS. Some of these districts
will have to be established now. Instructions
have been sent out from the General Land
Office to put the act in operation, and 110 more
of this money will be used than is absolutely
necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have no estimate.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; the full estimates on the sabject were
sent in from the Interior Department. They
may have been left with the other House; but
I have seen them all complete, recommended
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and indorsed by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how
there can be a full estimate of things not yet
decided upon. The objection I have is that it
seems to be in advance of anything to be done.
If we were not to have a session again until
next December there might be a reason for
this haste; but we shall have a session imme-
diately on the close of this, and the matter can
be attended to then with some understanding
on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Does the honorable Sen-
ator mean to say that there will be a session
for legislative business?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt there
will be some legislative business done.
Mr. CONNESS. This is an appropriation
bill, and this item belongs here. It has been
properly estimated for by the regular Depart-
