TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January118,
adjust the true equilibrium of the departments
of the Government, we should not imperil such
a measure by going into these doubtful ques-
tions of expediency which, divide' our own
friends and jeopardize the success of th'e whole.
.Mr. JOHNSON.; Mr. President) .in the de-
liberations of the Conventioa by which the Con-
stitution was adopted. theresult was that it was
supposed to be betterTor the public interest
and for the public liberty that- the appointing
power should be vested in the President alone.
As far as the appointing power is concerned
there has never been a doubt that the decision
o£.the',Convention was a correct one; and I
have yet' to learn that the Government by ex-
perience has been found to be less well admin-
istered, as far as its administration depends
upon the manner in which the appointing power
has'been executed,-by the "fact that that power
is Vested in the President. I do not understand
the honorable member from Massachusetts as
denying that that theory is the wisest. His
amendment is proposed, and he maintains it,
upon the ground that it is called for by the
particular character of the present incumbent
of the presidential office; and he has thought
proper to deal with th'at.offieer in terms which
I am sure upon reflection hereafter his judg-
ment will not approve. He has almost in words
said that it ought to be tjaken from him because
he has proved himself to be an enemy of his
country, because he has proved himself to be
a usurper.
In the particular condition in which we are
placed—for we are obliged to look at what is
occurring in another branch of the legislative
department—I should have hoped that the
honorable member from Massachusetts would
have seen that it was "not proper at this time,
if under any circumstances it could be proper,
to indulge in Sueh epithets,^ against the Pres-
ident of the United States. A1 formal resolu-
tion has been offered in that* branch looking
to the impeachment of the President for high
erimes and misdemeanors. If that impeach-
ment shall be ordered by the House, we are
to be the judges to decide whether he is guilty
or innocent; and I should thereforehave hoped
that neither the honorable member'from-Mas-
sachusetts nor any other member of the Sen-
ate would' in advance not merely express his
opinion hypothetically, but express it decid-
edly, as justified by facts which are notorious.
What sort of a trial, as far as that particular
Senator is concerned, would the President of
the United States have should he be impeached
for being an enemy to his country, for being a
usurper, either of which, in the contemplation
of the Constitution, is a high crime? If upon
the trial of such an impeachment that right,
which the common law secures to every citi-
zen or subject where the common law prevails,
of having a fair tribunal to decide upon his
case applied, the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts ought to be, and I suppose
would be, challenged for cause; and in what
attitude would that place him, or either of us,
if we were liable to be challenged' upon the
same'ground?
Suppose we all went on, following the
authority of the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts,' and expressed the same opinion:
what would the world say? Suppose that with-
out hearing the defense, in advance, without
remembering the past conduct of the officer
who is to be impeached, illustrated in the judg-
ment of all until lately, at least, as perfectly
patriotic, as evidencing a constant devotion to
his country, we expressed an opinion that at
least' he had fallen from the duty which he
owed to his country and to mankind, and had
become a usurper and an enemy of his coun-
try: might not, to use the language of the
common law, the whole array be challenged,
and ought it not to be?
ilTfce Constitution, in the provision which
flays that a charge of that description is to be
passed upon by the Senate of the United States,
supposes that every individual member of the
Senate will bring to the consideration of that
question a mind as white as paper, upon, which
nothing iswritten in the way of judgment; and
yet my friend from Massachusetts, urged, as I
think, by what has occurred in the past, uncon-
sciously to himself, having been dealt with im-
properly upon one occasion by this officer, has
suffered his feelings, in my judgment, to lead
him astray, to pronounce sentiments in this
Chamber to-day which will render it' improper
in him to sit as a judge upon such a trial.
Sir, the President of the United States has
done things which I do not approve, and he
has omitted to do things which I could have
hoped he would have done.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt my friend
there for one moment? What right have I to
know that the President is to be impeached?
How can I know it? And let me add to that,
even if I could know it, there can be no reason
in that why I should not argue the measure
directly before the Senate and present such
considerations as seem to me to be proper,
founded on the misconduct of that officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have not
called the honorable member from Massachu-
setts to order. I trusted that his own good
sense, or what was due to himself, to the Sen-
ate and the country, would itself have been a
sufficient call to order. I say to the Senator
now that he is bound to know, not that the
President will be impeached, bat that he may
be impeached, because he knows that there
is now a proposition in the House looking
to that result; and in advance, without, as I
think, the slightest necessity, he places himself
out of the pale of his judges by pronouncing,
in the face of the public, that he has adjudged
and condemned already.
During the Presidency of General Jackson
the Senate of the United States had before it
certain resolutions couched in such phrases as
implied as against him the charge of being an
enemy of his country or a usurper. He' sent
in his protest. I invoke the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts to read that protest
again and see how it can be answered. He
protested against it upon a ground not as
strong as that upon which I now place what I
suppose to be the erroneous and misjudged
conduct of the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, upon the ground that the matters
charged in the resolutions were offenses im-
peachable. It was perfectly well known that
there was to be no impeachment of him in that
House of Representatives. They sided with
him. And one who might have been termed
the leader of the Senate, one by whom I think
the original resolutions were drafted, one who
towered high among his fellows, and stood
equally high in the estimation of his country
was so forcibly struck with the objection that
he changed the phraseology of his resolutions.
But I submit to the Senate and to the hon-
orable member that upon a mere question
whether it is advisable to vest in anybody else
but the President the appointments to which
his amendment refers, it was wholly unneces-
sary to inquire into the character of the Pres-
ident. The honorable member was here, I
believe, during the whole administration of
Mr. Lincoln, and if any member of the Senate
had more influence with that departed states-
man and officer than himself I am not aware
of it. I had reasons to believe, satisfactory to
my own mind, and I am sure the honorable
Senator will not contradict me, that his judg-
ment had not only an influence but a control-
ling influence upon the judgment of the incum-
bent of the office at that time. Ho applauded
him. It is not for me to say the applause was
not well merited. He justified all that that
officer did. It is not for me to say that the
justification was not well founded. But at
the moment that he was applauding and justi-
fying the acts of Mr. Lincoln, he knew, or
might have known, that in exercising the
power of appointment he had turned out twice
as many officers as have been turned out of
office by the existing President; bat yet not a
word of censure came from the honorable
member from Massachusetts, or from any other
quarter, except, perhaps, from the friends of
those who were dismissed. Why? Because
the power was properly vested in the Execu-
tive, and because in the exereise of his power
the friends of the honorable member had been
put in, and those who were politically hostile
to the honorable member had been, to use a
phrase which he is about to make classic,
"kicked out."
Mr. SUMNER. It' would be impossible to
make that classic.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why, almost everything
in that way is possible that the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts undertakes to accom-
plish. Everybody may dispute for himself,
until the authority of the honorable member is
brought to its support, the poetry of the phrase;
but if he lends it his sanction, as he has done
how twenty or thirty times and more, and talks
to the Senate from hour to hour and day to
day of officers being "kicked out," it will be-
come a household word. What did the Presi-
dent mean by " kicking out?" Does the hon-
orable member suppose he really intended to
" kick them out?"
Mr. SUMNER. He said so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did he mean to carry it
out literally? All that he meant was that he
would turn them out. But at last the honor-
able member is quarreling with a word'used by
the President, which he thinks was used in bad
taste, but which was used merely for the purpose
of saying that he would turn out the incumbents
wherever he thought it proper to do so.
Now, upon what ground did he put his duty
to turn them out, or to use the presidential
phrase and the Massachusetts phrase, "kick
them out?" It was upon a doctrine which
swept over the country at one time—" rotation
in office." A large majority of the people of
the United States thought—unwisely as I be-
lieve—that the people individually had a right
from time to time to participate in the patronage
of the Government; that there should.be no
life offices: and that the only way in which
they could share in the patronage was upon
the doctrine of enforcing a rotation in office ;
and upon that theory Congress, by a vote nearly
unanimous, provided that the tenure of office
of almost all officers should be for a period
only of four years, so as to leave the offices
vacant and give the President for the time the
authority to put in his own friends without
"kicking out" his opponents.
Mr. President, as I have already stated, the
President of the United States has said a great
many things that I could wish, for his sake
and for the sake of the office, had not been
said. But he is by nature impetuous. Brought
up, springing from the humblest ranks in life,
he has been subjected to turmoils from time to
time to which perhaps he would not have been
subjected, or into which he would not have
entered if he had been educated in the colleges
which have given to my friend from Massachu-
setts the celebrity which he holds in the esti-
mation of the learned. He has been on the
stump in Tennessee, meeting men who spoke
not in the language of the classics, but in a
language which shows what their feelings are
for the moment, and the stronger the terms are
that they use the better they are liked by them-
selves and generally by their auditors. The
President has fallen into that habit; lie ex-
hibited it on the 22d February, and neither
the honorable member from Massachusetts
nor any other member of the Senate nor any
citizen of the country regretted more than 1
did the exhibition of it upon that occasion. He
exhibited it upon the journey which during
the summer ho made through the West. Admit
it all to have been in bad taste, admit it all to
have been censurable in the judgment of men
of taste, even in the individual man, and above
all admit it not to have been in accordance
with the dignity of the office of which he was
the incumbent: does that prove or tend to prove
that he is designedly untrue to his country?
Ifthehonorable Senator from Massachusetts,
with all the firmness which may characterize
him or which belongs to his character, had
accompanied the President of the United States
