1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
where there is a sufficient supply of water;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of an appropriation for the completion
of the eapitol building in that Territorywhich
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of an appropriation for the completion
of the capitol and penitentiary buildings in that
Territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House disagreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 604) to define
and punish certain crimes therein turned, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed Messrs. Wil-
liam Lawrence of Ohio, Mr. F. E. Wood-
biudge of Vermont, and Mr. A. J. Rogers
of New Jersey, managers at the conferenoe on
its part.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the
relief of the mother of Charles 0. Rowohl was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pcusions.
national cemeteries.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Indiana
will allow me a few minutes I should like to
have taken up and put on its passage the bill
to establish ami protect national cemeteries.
Mr. LANK. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. Then J move to take up the
bill (11. It.. No. 788) to establish and to protect
national cemeteries.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Wholo, resumed the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was some days ago
read at length and was recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and they have
reported it with various amendments.
The I'll LSI DHNTpj-o tempore. The amend-
ments reported to the bill by the committee
will be read in their order.
'Che first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line three, after the word "ceme-
teries," to strike out the words "in the States
lately in rebellion and in the District of Colum-
bia.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line seven, after the word "fences," to strike
out iho rest of the section down to and includ-
ing the word "that" in- the second section, in
the following words:
And hereafter such cemctcries shall bo laid out in
scction*, to contain not loss than two hundred nor
moro than three hundred graves, and to each soction
thero shall be erccted a marble orgranitemonumont
on vyhieh shall be inscribed tho name of each soldier
buried in such section, with his rank, number of bis
regiment, his company, and State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That.
And to insert the words " and to cause."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, to strike out the word "shall1' and
to insert the word "to," and in the same line,
after the word "small," to strike out the words
" marble or cast iron and in line three, after
the word "headstone," to insert " or block,"
and alter the word "grave," to insert " in-
sci ibed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in soction two,
line five, after the word "party," to strike out
the words '' inscribed on the monument. And
national cemeteries already established shall
be made to conform, as far as practicable, to
the foregoing plan," and to insert in lieu
thereof:
In a regibter of burials to be kept at each ecmetcry
and at the office of the quartermaster general, which
shall set forth the name, rank, company, regiment,
and dote of death of tho officer or soldier; or, if
unknown, it shall bo so recorded.
The amendment was agreed to.
The first section of the bill, as thus amended,
the second section being consolidated with it,
reads as follows:
That in tho arrangement of the national cemeteries
established for the burial of deceased soldiers and
sailors, the Secretary of War is hereby directed to
have the same inclosed with a good and substantial
stone or iron fence; and to cause each grave to be
marked with a small headstone, or block, with the
number of the grave inscribed thereon, correspond-
ing with tho number opposite to the name of the
party in a register of burials to be kept at each cem-
etery and at tho office of tho quartermaster general,
which shall set forth the name, rank, company, regi-
ment, and date of death of tho officer or soldier; or,
if unknown, it shall be so recorded.
The next amendment was in section [three]
two, line one, to strike out the word "said;"
in line two to strike out the word "erect" and
insert "cause to be erected in line five to
strike out the word "detail" and insert "ap-
point;" in line six to strike out the word
"sergeant" and insert " superintendent who
shall be selected from enlisted men of the
Army, disabled in service, and who shall have
the pay and allowances of an ordnance ser-
geant;" in line eleven to strike out the word
"and" and also the word "said" before the
word "Secretary," and after the word " Secre-
tary" to insert " of Warin line thirteen to
strike out the word "colonel" and insert
"major;" and in line seventeen to strike out
tho words "sections and," and also the words
"full and;" so that the section will read:
Sec. [8] 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
rotary of Waris hereby directed to cause to bo erected
at tho principal entrance of each of the national
ccinctenos aforosaid a suitable building to bo occu-
pied as a porter's lodgo; and it shall bo his duty to
appoint a meritorious and trustworthy superintend-
ent who rfliuU bo solccted from enli&ted men of the
Army, disabled in service, and who shall have tho
pay and allowances of an ordnanco sergeant, to ro-
sido therein, for the purpose ot guarding and pro-
tecting tho comotery and giving information io par-
tics visiting tho same. Tho Secretary of War shall
detailsomo oflioor of tho Army, not under the rank
of major, to visit annually all of said cemeteries, and
to inspoct and l-oport to him tho condition of tho
same, and tho amount of money neccssary to protect
them, to sod tho graves, gravol, and grado the walks
and avenues. an<l to keep tho grounds in complete
order: nnd tho said Secretary shall transmit tiie said
report to Congress at tho commencement of cach ses-
sion, together with an estimate of tho appropriation
noeossary tor that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [four]
three, lino three, to strike out the word "tomb,"
and after tho word "structure" to strike out
"in any of said national cometerics;" inline
thirteen to strike out the words " sergeant or
other officer on guard " and to insert " super-
intendent ;" and in line fifteen to strike out the
word "aforesaid;" so that tho section will
read:
Sec. 1-1] ■ '>. And be it further enacted. That any per-
son who shall willfully destroy, mutilate, dcfaco, in-
jure, or remove any monument, gravestone, or other
structure, or shall willfully destroy, cut, break, injure,
orromovo any trco, shrub, or plant within tho limits
ot any of said national cometerics shall bo deemed
guilty ofamisdemcanor, andupon conviction thereof
before any district or circuit court of tho United States
within any Stato or district wlioro any of said national
cometerics aresituated, shall bo liable to a fine of not
less than twenty-live nor moro than one hundred dol-
lars, or to imprisonment of not less than fifteen nor
moro than sixty days, according to tho nature and
aggravation of tho offense. And the superintendent
in ehargo of any national cemetery is hereby author-
ized to arrest forthwith any person engaged in com-
mitting any misdemeanor herein prohibitod, and to
bring such person before any United States commis-
sioner or judge of any district or circuit, court of the
United States within any Stato or district where any
of said cemeteries are situated, for tho purpose of
holding said person to answer for said misdemeanor,
and then and there shall make complaint in duo form.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [five]
four, line eight, to strike out the word "said"
before "Secretary;" in line nine to strike out
the word "of" and insert "upon the price to
be paid for;'- and in line eleven to strike out
the words '' upon the price to be paid therefor;"
so that the section will read:
Seo. [5] 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of tho Secretary of War to purchaso from
the owner or owners thereof, at such price as may be
mutually agreed upon between tho Secretary and
such owner or owners, such real estate as in his judg-
ment is suitable and necessary for the purpose of car-
rying into effect the provisions of this act, and to ob-
tain from said owner or owners title in fee-simple for
the same. And in case the Secretary of War shall
not bo able to agree with said owner or owners upon
the price to be paid for any real estate needed for the
purpose of this act, or to obtain from said owner or
owners title in fee-simple for the same, the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized to cuter upon and appro-
priate any real estate which, in his judgment, is suit-
able and necessary for the purposes of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [six]
five, to strike out the word "said" and insert
"the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eight]
seven, line two, to insert the words "seven
hundred and" before the word "fifty;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. [81 7. And be it further enacted. That tho sum
of $750,000 is hereby appropriated to carry out the
purposes of this act out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments bo
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 000) to fix the compensation of the
officers of tho revenue-cuttcr service, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. R. No.
275) to extend the time for tho use of certain
vessels for quarantine purposes at tho port of
New York, reported it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tho memorial of W. Marsh, con-
sul of the United States at the Port of Altona,
in the Duchy of Ilolstein, Germany, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee,
to whom was referred a memorial of vessel-
owners upon the lakes, have directed me to
report a bill, and as it is not more than four
lines in length, and will not occupy a minute, I
should like to have it considered now.
Mr. LANE. I cannot consent to the taking
up of any bill now but pension bills.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will not make
the report now, but will do so in the morning.
It is important to have action upon it as soon
as possible.
widows of revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideiation of House joint reso-
lution No. 206.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (II. R. No. 206)
in relation to the pensions of widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers. It proposes to increase the
pensions of widows of revolutionary soldiers
whose names are now upon the pension-rolls,
and who were married to revolutionary soldiere
prior to January 1, 1800, to the same rate as
the deceased soldier? would bo entitled under
existing laws if now living: such increase and
payment to be made from the 30th day of Sep-
tember, 1865.
The ,-o;nt resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MAIty STANLEY.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 405) for the relief of
Mary Stanley.
.Mr. LANE. There is an adverse report in
this case, and I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
