1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
130y
MES. ADELINE M. GOULD.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
497) granting a pension to Mrs. Adeline M.
Gould, was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Mrs. Adeline M. Gould, mother of Eugene
E. Gould, late a private in company P, third
regiment Rhode island cavalry volunteers, on
the pension-roll at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence from the 22d of Decem-
ber, 1864, and to continue during her widow-
hood. _
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. JOSEPHINE SLOCUM.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
488) granting a pension to Mrs. Josephine Slo-
cum was re^d the second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
of the Interior is directed by this bill to place
the name of Mrs. Josephine Slocum, widow of
Martin N. Slocum, late a second lieutenant in
the sixty-fifth regiment United States colored
infantry, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, to commence from
the 30th of May, 1875, and to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KENNEDY o'liKIEN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
5)2) for the relief of Kennedy O'Brien was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to increase the jjensiou of Ken-
nedy O'Brien, late a private in company K,
fifth regiment Indiana volunteers, from eight
dollars per month to twenty-five dollars per
month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why that increase is proposed to be made.
This is getting rather common here to increase
pensions from eight to twenty-five dollars a
month. It is a large increase.
Mr. LANE. The report, accompanying the
bill shows the facts in this case. _ This man
was placed on the pension-roll at eight dollars
a month. He was totally blind in both eyes.
If he had been placed on the pension-roll
under the general law he would have been
entitled to twenty-five dollars. When he came
before the committee we were perfectly satis-
fied about the case. He was led in by a one-
legged soldier, and was totally blind. Having
been placed on the pension-list by a special
law he cannot obtain this increase except by
another special law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are all those who are
blind entitled to receive twenty-five dollars?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir; all those who are
blind in both eyes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I do not
object. .
The bill was reported to the Senatc.,without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATRICK MEEIIAN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
613) granting a pension to Patrick^Meehan,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the W'hole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name or
Patrick Meehan, late a corporal in company i,
eighty-ninth regiment Indiana volunteers, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month, to commence from the 6th of June,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the honorable Senator explain these various
rates. I do not understand why one is placed
at twenty-five dollars, another at fifteen dol-
lars, another at eight dollars, &c. We ought
to have some rules in reference to all these
things, and not leave them as a mere matter
of discretion. „
Mr. LANE. There is no discretion lett to
anybody. _ There is a general law placing
these pensions at different rates. A rpan who
has lost one leg or one arm, or both legs or
both arms, or one eye or both eyes, has a dif-
ferent pension and a higher one than a man
who is simply disabled and only gets eight dol-
lars a month.
M. FESSENDEN. What is the reason, if
this man comes under the general law, that he
* get his pension at the pension office ?
Mr. LANE. The reason is this : the Com-
missioner of Pensions has decided that where
a_man is placed on t.he pension-roll by a spe-
cial law, he cannot increase his pension under
our general law unless we pass an act. of Con-
gress saying that it shall be done. These rates
have been provided for by general law. This
man would have been placed at this rate by
the general law ; but this is a special law which
is necessary to meet his case under the decis-
ion of the Commissioner. The report will
show the facts. I ask the Secretary to read
the report, which will show just how it stands.
Mr. ^FESSENDEN. I understand it. 1
only wished an explanation of the principle.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES APPLETON.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
514) for the relief of Charles Appleton was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to increase
the pension of Charles Appleton, late a sol-
dier in the United States Army, from eight
dollars per month to fifteen dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate witliput
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. ERNESTINE BECKER.
On motion of Sir. LANE, the bill (S. No.
515) granting a pension to Mrs. Ernestine
Becker was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Ernestine Becker, widow of Leopold
Becker, late captain of company D, twenty-
fourth regiment Illinois infantry volunteers,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, to commence from the 5th of
May, 1865, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEMUEL WORSTER.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1056) for the relief
of Lemuel Worster, which directs the Score-"
tary of the Interior to place the name of Lem-
uel Worster, of Lebanon, York county, Maine,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and pay to
him the sum of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordsred to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN MOREAN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1055) for the relief
of John Moreau, of Machias, New York* The
bill proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to place the name of John Moreau,
of Machias, New York, a soldier of the war of
1812, upon the pension-rolls, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, and to continue during
his natural life.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, in line three to strike out
the word "Treasury" and to insert the word
" Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the bill by
making the name " Morean" instead of " Mo-
reau," as Iunderstand that istheproper name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed; and
its title was amended so as to read: "A bill
for the relief of John Morean, of Machias, New
York."
HIRAM IIEDRICK.
On motion of Mr. LAlSQp, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1054) for the relief
of Hiram Hedrick. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Hiram Hed-
rick, of Peoria, Illinois, late a private in com-
pany D, eleventh regiment Illinois cavalry,
on the pension-rolls, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, and to pay him at this rate
in lieu of the pension he is now receiving.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MRS. JANE CLEMENTS.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place the
name of Mrs. Jane Clements, of the District
of Columbia, widow of Ignatius Clements, de-
ceased, on the pension-roll, and pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month,
during her widowhood, commeneing on the 1st
of August, 1804, the date of her husband's
death. This bill is to entitle her to the benefit
of the second section of the act approved July
25, I860, in regard to minor children of de-
ceased soldiers, if it shall be established to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Pensions
that she lias such minor child or children as
would entitle her to the benefit of that section.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHILDREN OP SOLOMON LONG.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tlic bill (H. R. No. 1058) for the relief
of the minor children of Solomon Long.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause in the
following words:
That the Secretary the Interior is hereby
authorized to place on tho pension-rolls the minor
children of said Solomon Long, with tho same bene-
fits, and subject to the same restrictions, us other
minor orphan children of deceased soldiers, to take
effect June Hi, 1865.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place upon tho
pension-roll the names of the minor children of
Solomon Long, deceased, who was a private in com-
pany E, fifth regimontKentucky cavalry volunteers,
under the provisions of the existing laws in similar
eases, to talio effect from and after the passage of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
the word " minor" in the fifth line, and insert
after " children " the words "under sixteen
years of ageso that it will read: "the names
of the children, under sixteen years of age,
of SolomoifLons;."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification of the amendment will be made, if
there be no objection.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to bo read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend
the title of the bill by striking out the word
"minor;" so as to read: "A bill for the relief
of the children, under sixteen years of age, of
Solomon Long."
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN GRAY.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
