1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1985
present fiscal year; and the temporary clerks in the
Quartermaster General's office shall receive the same
pay as clerks of class one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Marshals get a salary
of J2-30, and this provides that if their fees and
emoluments are not enough to make it $2,000
we shall make up the difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike it out.
I should like to know how it got into this bill.
Mr. POLAND. I wish to object to striking
out this section. In relation to the temporary
clerks in the quartermaster's department, I
think the provision made for them is very just.
There are but very few of them now left in the
department, and they are paid by the month.
This section provides for bringing them up to
$1,200 a year, the lowest class of clerks in the
Departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can settle that part
of it in a committee of conference.
Mr. POLAND. I do not see any necessity
For striking it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will take
the pains to put that part of the section in
proper shape and in the right place in the bill
I shall be obliged to him; but it has no right
ihprp ti'n.pi*p it is-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be passed over for the present.
The Secretary read the tenth section, as
follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the deputy
surveyor at the port of San Francisco be paid the
same compensation annually that is now paid to the
deputy collector at said port.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
that is.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state that the salary
of the deputy surveyor of that port until last
year was §3,000 ; but last yeaf it was cut down
in the general reduction to $2,500, with a
reservation that has not been exercised by the
Department, and this is put in to make it what
it was before. The intention was not under
the law of last year to cut down that salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the deputy sur-
veyor receive $2,500 now?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that enough ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir. He is paid in
greenbacks, and the salary does not amount
to a great deal there, and cannot support hiin.
The House has seen fit to put it back where it
was before the law of last year. The Senator
from New York knows what was done then.
Mr. MORGAN. The salaries of deputy
surveyors were advanced $-500 at New York
and several other ports. San Francisco was
included in the $2,500 class. It was supposed
to be an advance on all of them; but it was a
reduction in that one case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the deputy
surveyor at New York city get?
Mr. MORGAN. Two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, having been Secretary of
the Treasury, must be aware that the customs
officers in San Francisco generally receive
twenty-five per cent, more than is paid to the
same grade of officers on this side. This of-
ficer's allowance was brought down in this
manner without any intention to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask whether it would
not be wise to hold him there in order to in-
duce the people of that region to change their
views and have some national banks ?
Mr. CONNESS. I regret very much that
they have not national banks; but as soon as
you give us capital enough they will be estab-
lished there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator
from New York think this section is right?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I make no ob-
jection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill has been concluded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have several amend-
ment! to offer, which were agreed to in the
• 89th Cong. 2d Shss.—No. 125.
legislative appropriation bill, but finally left
out by the final action of the Senate. I move
on page 6, after line nine, to insert:
For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department,
$.50,000: Provided, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, arid he is hereby, authorized in his discretion
to classify the clerks authorized according to the
character of their services.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Pec.—. And be it further enacted, That the notice
required by the fourth section of the act entitled "An
act to pay in part for publishing the debates in Con-
gress, and for other purposes," approved July 4,18G4,
is hereby given that Congress will, in two years from
the close of the present Congress, abrogate the pro-
visions of the first and second sections of said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert as an
additional section: j
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interioris hereby authorized to appoint in the office
of the Commissioner of Pensions, in addition to the
clerks now authorized in said office, twenty-eight
clerksof class one; twenty-four of class two; eighteen
of class three; and ten of class four; said clerkships
to expire at the end of two years; and a sum sufficient
to pay the salaries of said clerks from the date of their
appointment to the 30thof June. 18>57, and for thofis-
cal yearcndingthe30th of June, 186S, be andthesame
is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offerone moreamend-
ment:
And beit further enacted, Thatif the Supreme Court
shall in any one year direct its reporter to publish a
second volume for such year of its decisions, and if
such second volume shall be published accordingly,
an additional sum of 81,500 shall be paid said re-
porter therefor on the delivery by said reporter to the
Secretary of the Interior, for distribution according
to existing laws, of three hundred copies of such sec-
ond volumeof said reports; and tlieamount neces-
sary to pay the same is hereby appropriated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line eight on page 1:
To pay deficiencies in the contingent expenses
of the Senate, as follows:
For additional messengers, $7,000.
For additional labor in the folding-room, and ma-
terial. $10,000.
For stationery, 810,000.
For miscellaneous items, $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand what that means.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know nothing about it.
I have received a letter from the Secretary of
the Senate within a day or two stating that
these appropriations are necessary; and the
Sergeant-at-Arms informs me that he knows
the appropriations for extra messengers and
for the folding-room are necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What are the other
items for?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Thirty thousand dollars
for miscellaneous expenses and $10,000 for
stationery. "
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have you any details or
estimates?
Mr. WILLIAMS. None. I do not pretend
to know anything about it. I had no time to
examine it. I must insist, however, on the
appropriation for the extra messengers and for
the folding-room. The $30,000 for miscella-
neous items may be struck out if the Senator
pleases; but I should like to have the other
items put in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no sort of ex-
amination. It comes in at the last moment,
and we know nothing about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know nothing about
it. I have not seen anybody in regard to it.
As I said, there has simply been a letter sent
to me on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator had bet-
ter strike out the last item, at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
strike out the whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we had better
appropriate for the stationery and the folding-
room. At the suggestion of the Senator I will
modify the amendment by striking out the last
item of $30,000 for miscellaneous expenses
until we can get more information. It is a very
loose way of doing business to send a letter in
at this stage of the session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be modified according to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That the salary of the
district judge of the district of California shall be
$5,000; the salaries of the district judges of the dis-
tricts of Massachusetts, southern and eastern districts
of New York, eastern district of Pennsylvania, 5Iary-
land, northern district of Illinois, Louisiana, Oregon,
and Nevada, shall be $4,500 each ; and the salary of
the district judge of every other districtshall be $4,000
each, and such salary shall be in full compensation
for all official services performed by such judges, and
no other allowance or payment shall be made to them
for traveling expenses or otherwise, and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
provided for shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that instead of
offering that proposition the Committee on the
Judiciary will offer the one that was agreed to
in the committee of conference. The House
made very serious objections to passing the
section at all, but finally agreed to pass it in a
modified shape. I think it better to put it on
this bill in that form. To adopt the proposition
as now offered will only result in a long dis-
cussion at this late hour, and perhaps protract
the bill so that we can do nothing. I hope the
section will be offered as it was finally agreed
to in the committee of conference.
Mr. STEWART. That only gave the judge
in Nevada $3,500, where the expenses of liv-
ing are very great. I think that amendment
only made two classes. I do not think it fair
to give the judge in that district only that
amount.
Mr. POLAND. In one of the committees
of conference that was had on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, to
which this amendment was moved, some objec-
tion was made by the House committee to the
sums named. They agreed that the salaries
of the judges ought to be raised, but thought
we had them higher than they ought to be, and
objected to the classification somewhat. As
the Senate put the amendment on that bill the
California district stood as now at $5,000; the
districts of Massachusetts, southern and east-
ern New York, Astern Pennsylvania, northern
Illinois, and Louisiana were made $4,500, and
all others $4,000. I have here a statement
of what the committee of conference agreed
upon, or rather what the House committee
would have agreed to, provided we could have
settled the point of difficulty about the House
clerks, and in that classification the district
judge of California is put at $5,000; Massa-
chusetts, each of the three New York districts,
New Jersey, the eastern district of Pennsylva-
nia, Maryland, the northern district of Illinois,
the southern district of Ohio, and Louisiana,
at $4,000; and all the others at $3,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Four thousand five
hundred dollars should be fixed for Louisi-
ana, because the present law gives the judge
that compensation.
Mr. POLAND. I do not remember how
that is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont propose an amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. POLAND. So far as I am concerned
I should have preferred the amendment as the
Senate agreed to it originally on the other bill;
but it seems to be thought by the Senator from
Maine that it will be more likely to be accept-
able to the other House if we take the modifi-
cation that was agreed upon by the conference
committee. I therefore propose to amend the
amendment in the way I have suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it proposed to make
all the three New York districts $4,000?
Mr. POLAND. Yes; they are all $3,750
now, and this only raises them $250.
Mr. STEWART. The other evening, after
a long discussion, we fixed the salary of the
judges in Montana at $4,000. It U as expens-
ive living in Nevada as in Montana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But for the Territories
the appointments are only temporary. These
are life offices.
