1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEWART. A thousand dollars in
Vermont is worth more to a judge than $3,000
in Nevada. Prices are fully three times as
high, and there is certainly as much business
for a district judge in Neva3a as in Vermont.
There are questions connected with the inter-
nal revenue constantly arising there. But, sir,
I will not insist upon my amendment; and a3
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont
seems to he satisfactory to the Senate 1 with-
draw it.
Mr. POLAND. Then I move to amend the
bill by adding the following as a new section:
And be it further enncteil, Tbat the salary of tho
district judge of tho district of California shall be
$5,000. i'lio salary of the district judges of tho dis-
trict of Massachusetts, northern, southern, and east-
ern districts ol New \ or!;, eastern district of Penn-
sylvania, Maryland, northern district of Illinois, the
district of Louisiana, southern district of Ohio, and
tho district of New Jersey, shall be 64.000 each; and
the salaries of the district judges of every other dis-
trict shall be $3,500 cach; anil said salaries shall be
in full compensation for all otlicial services pertormed
by such judges, and no other allowance or payment
shall he mado to them for travel, expenses, or other-
wise; and the amount nccessary to pay tho increased
compensation herein provided for shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend that by
putting Nevada in the $4,000 dollar list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
done. i
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by including Oregon in the same !
list. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear 1
from the other Senator from Nevada [ Mr. Nye]
whether _ he thinks $tt,G00 is too little for the
district judge there. There are two Senators
from* that State, and I should like to know
whether they ngree on this question. i
Mr. STEWART. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to insert both Nevada and Oregon
in the $4,000 class.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have lived with
their present salaries, and I have heard no
complaint.
Mr. POLAND. I would say a word in refer-
ence to this Nevada judgeship. It is only very
recently created, and the salary was fixed only
a year or two ago, when everything was at the
very highest rate, when the price of living was
more than it is now, and although it may be
very expensive living there just at this time,
things will soon bo u little easier there. That
State is getting more in communication with
the rest of the world. The proposition to place
Oregon and Nevada higher than S3,500 was
strongly objected to on the part of the other
House. And that was one great point of objec-
tion to our original amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer an amendment to
come in after line twelve of page 6:
For continuing the construction of the distributing
r®"et*0,J of the Washington aqueduct to iu contem-
plated bottom, and protecting its hanks with slope
walls laid in hydraulic cement, StoO.OOO.
1 his proposition has been recommended by
the Secretary of the Interiorand was adopted bv
the Senate on a previous bill, but was stricken
out in committee of conference, aud I offer it
now on this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment to come iu on page 4:
For supplying deficiency in the aPpropriatkQB for I
tho work ou tho Capitol exteosiou, j
I will state that T hold in mr hand a letter
from the nrehitoct of the Capitol cxteusion
*.f« VTr\I.  V A    ...
March 2,
I in the bill and so has the Clerk, but we have
i not been able to find them.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an appropria-
tion for monolithic columns in the first part of
the bill in these words :
I Capitol extension:
For ei^ht additional monolithic columns, $11,200.
For ventilating, $0,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is right, then, that
amount should be taken out of this $-">0,000.
The two items make $20,200. That will leave
this appropriation at $2'J,800.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is it for?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state in a moment.
It seems this was proposed in the House of
Representatives, but not. being understood, as
the architect thinks, was not agreed to there.
Mr. Clark says in his letter to the Secretary of
the Interior:
" I regret to state that the moneys on hand for the
prosecution of this work will not be sufficient for the
present fiscal year.
"This deficiency is owing partly to the fact that
wlieu the estimate was made on which the appropri-
ation was based I had just become corinccted with
the work, anil that I was not aware uf the amount
of expenditure required for work being done abroad.
Consequently I limited the estimate to the work of
finishing the marble and the other work connected
therewith.
"Two items of expenditure were also incurred
which were not included in the estimate, namely,
the procuring of eight additional monolithic columns
in place of tlio«e in two blocks on hand and paid for,
and the work done for ventilation at the two ilnlls,
both items being orderetl by tho Secretary of tho In-
terior, at the request of the Committee on Public
Buildings ami tii ounds of one or other of the Houses.
Those items, it socins, are already prov i<leil for in the
bill.
"The cost of this additional work and the itomi
overlooked is as tollows:
Paid for models for bronio doors $8,940 00
Paid for material?, casting, and fitting bronze
doors 20.P60 00
Paidforciglitadditionalmonolithiccolumns 11,200 00
Paid for ventilating, estimated at  9,000 00
Total $50,000 00
Mr. FESSENDEN,
in the bill now ?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Are there not two item*
I have hunted for them
I therefore respectfully request that nn appro-
priation of $50,000 may be asked for to make up this
doticioncy."
And he makes some further explanation.
It seems this work was ordered, and Mr. Clark,
the architect, knew nothing about it. It is for
a model of the bronze doors, the exterior doors
of the Senate and House wings, which were
ordered some years ago, and have been paid
for out of tho money which Mr. Clark had
askedfortheextension ofthebuilding, he know-
ing nothing of it at the time. The letters per-
haps may have explained it, but he has called
my attention to the subject that the amendment
may be moved here. I presume there will be
no objection to it when properly understood. |
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. j
Mr. POLAND. I propose an additional
amendment in relation to the temporary clerks
in the Quartermaster General's office. The
Senator from Maine desired to have a separate
section covering them, the section in which
they were included covering several other mat-
I ters having been stricken out. I therefore
j propose this amendment as a new section :
A*d be it further enacted. That the temporary
clerks in the Quartermaster General's office shall for
the present fiscal year receive tho same compensa-
tion as is paid to first class clerks, and a sum sufficient
to pay the same is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following
amendment:
Ami be it further enacted. That for the purpose of
executing tlie fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington. concluded on tb*9tli day of August. 1M2, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorised and
directed to pay to the Stat* of Maine for ninety-one
thousand one hundred and twenty-five acres, assigned
by said State to settlers under said article, a sum
e<jual to )1 25 per acre: and to the Commonwealth
ot Massachusetts for twenty-six thousand one hun-
dred and fifty acre*, assigned by said Commonwealth
to settlers under said article, a sum equal to $1 25
per acre: Before said uai ar  paid the
States uf Maine and Massachusetts shall agree with ■
the United States that the settlers upon their pobli"
lands in the late disrated territory is Main*, entitled
ftfi (uk likil in thai* —    : l i 
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is a: private claim, relative to grants
of land under the treaty of 1842.
Mr. MORRILL. The answer to that is
i, that it is in execution of a treaty stipulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not sufficient.
It is not in pursuanre of a treaty stipulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to that I
will say that the Senate by a vote on two occa-
sions has decided that it did not come within
the prohibition of the rule, being to carry out
a treaty stipulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another point.
The bill of which this amendment is a copy
was passed on your motion, sir, [Mr. Doo-
litti.e in the chair,] sent to the other House,
and that House has failed to consider it or lias
refused to pass it. Now, i3 it proper for us at
this hour of the session to put on a bill of this
kind a disputed claim, growing out of an old
matter, which has been controverted ever since
I have been in Congress, and I do not know
how many years before? We ought not to do
it at this stage of the session. We have had
enough loose legislation, but I think this would
be a little worse than any we have had.
Mr. MORRILL. My friend from Ohio is
making a speech very much at random, he will
allow me to say. This never has been a dis-
puted claim ; it never has been a controverted
claim in any other sense than such statements
are made here now. I undertake to sa_v that
this claim has been recognised and adjudi-
cated by the Senate, and it stands here res
adjudicata.
The case may be very briefly stated. By
the fourth article of the treaty of Washington,
the United States undertook to quiet the set-
tlers in what was adisputed territoryin Maine.
That was an obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. There are
i twelve hundred settlers on that territory whoso
possessions are not quieted, and the Govern-
ment of the United Mates has failed to quiet
, them. This measure has been examined sev-
eral times by committees of this bodv, and
each time reported favorably. At the last ses-
sion of Congress it was reported to the Senate
from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
having been twice before reported from tho
Committee on Claims, and passed the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
is authorized by any committee to offer this
amendment ?
| Mr. MORRILL. I am by the Committee
; on Foreign Relations.
! Mr. SHERMAN. As an amendment to this
, bill?
| Mr. MORRILL. Y es. sir: it is in exeeu-
| tion of a treaty. The bill which passed the
| Senate last year went to the other House, and
| has been there reported favorably by their
committee, and the only reason it has not been
passed is that it has not been reached. I affirm
that it has never been a controverted question,
and it never can be. It is in execution of a
treaty, and is properly here. It belongs on
this bill. The Government of the Ui.ited Slates
has never ignored it : but it has the judgment
of three of the first committees of th  Senate,
and it had the judgment of the Senate at the
last session, and this session it has the judg-
ment of a committee of the House. It is not
an old claim : it is not a stale claim ; but it is
an obligation on the part of the Government
growing out of a plain treaty stipulation.
Mr. SHEUMaS". Now, I would ask the
Senate if they are willing to force the other
House to consider this question which they
have never passed upon, tavorablv at least, at
this sta~e of the session ? I still insist upon
ray point of order that this is a private cla.rn.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair
is of opinion that it has been once or twiee
ruled to be in order to move this very amend-
ment on an appropriation bill. That is the
recollection ot the present occupant of the
chair.
Mr. DAVIS. These claimants have Wen
knocking at the door of the national Treasury
WJ often, and I think the claim had better
