1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
be allowed now, so that it may never be heard
of more. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That reasoning would
apply Co a great many other cases.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to recede from its disagreement to the forty-
fourth amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 896, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, and that it had passed a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) to amend
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease "the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
nott and company.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1231) for the re-
lief of Nott & Co., to report it back without
amendment, and as it has already passed the
House and is a very little bill, which will
only take a minute, I ask for immediate action
upon it.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct
the envoy extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary of the United States to China, or
the chief diplomatic agent of the United
States in China, to examine the claim of
Nott & Co., American merchants trading and
doing business in China, against the Chinese
Government for losses of coin sustained in
1857 by the capture and robbery of the vessel
called the Neva; and if in his opinion the
claim ought to be paid he is to pay it, with
the rate of interest allowed on other claims,
from the time of such loss, out of any funds
received from the Chinese Government, under
the treaty of 1858, for the payment of losses
sustained by American citizens.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to know what the
amount of that claim is ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is for $15,000 that was
stolen by a pirate in 1857.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been examined?
Mr. SUMNER. It comes from the House
of Representatives, and has been examined by
the Committee on Foreign Relations. There
is a fund of about three hundred thousand dol-
larspaid by the Chinese Government for claims,
and which is now in the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the third read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. This money does not come
out of the Treasury; it is paid out of that fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid over for the present.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny;
A bill (S. No. 499) for the relief of Frank
Pugsley, late a private soldier in company I,
of the third regiment of New Hampshire vol-
unteers ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) for the
relief of certain enlisted men of the seventh
regiment of West Virginia volunteers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 173)
to facilitate the settlement of the account of
disbursing officers, with an amendment,in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced thpt the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1234) to incorporate the joint stock
company of the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington, ir. which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills and joint resolution of
the House:
A bill (II. R. No. 916) for the relief of James
M. Bishop, who claims $236;
A bill (H. R. No. 1095) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay a certain draft
to W. W. Potter, late acting military agent of
the State of New York ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 36) refer-
ring the papers in the case of F. A. Gibjons
and F. X. Kelly to the Court of Claims.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the following bills of
the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 234) to incorporate the
National Capital Insurance Company; and
_ A bill (H. R. No. 1173) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1184,
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the year
ending June 30, 1868, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. H. D. Washburn
of Indiana, Mr. William Higby of California,
and Mr. T. G. Bergen of New York, mana-
gers at the same on its part.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1234) to incorporate the
joint stock company of the Young Men's
Christian Association of Washington, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
ted on the District of Columbia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) to
amend section five of an act entitled "An act
to increase the duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
fortification bill.
On motion by,Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
the bill of the House No. 1184, making ap-
propriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Retolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morgan, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Hender-
son.
disbursing officers.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to tlje joint resolution of
the Senate No. 173, to facilitate the settlement
of the accounts of disbursing officers; and it
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
land offices in tiie territories.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 746) for the organization of
land districts in the Territories of Arizona,
Idaho, and Montana. It was under considera-
tion some time ago and was laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. This was a bill that came
from the House, and was amended in the Sen-
ate so as to give a land district to Arizona and
attach that Territory to California for survey-
ing purposes. It also gives a land district to
Montana, and a surveyor general's district.
The amendment agreed on by the conference
committee extends to Utah a land district and
a surveyor general. The question is, Will you
give Utah a land district and a surveyor gen-
eral? That is the issue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope Senators will pay
attention, because this, in my judgment, and
in the judgment of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, one of the Senators
from Ohio, who is not now present, is of a
good deal of consequence. The proposition
is by this agreement of the conference com-
mittee, or a majority of them—I was in the
minority—to open the land districts in Utah
further than they are now, so as to allow—for
that will be the result—the Mormon people and
the Mormon leaders to take up all the lands
and exclude everybody else, for we all know
that nobody else can stay there now. I think
it right that we should leave it just as it is,
and hold on to our lands until we can make
some arrangement to protect the people who
go there. I hope, therefore, that we shall dis-
agree to this report of the conference commit-
tee, and in that opinion I am fortified by the
excellent judgment of the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
who understands the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I regard this bill of
very great importance to the new Territories,
and I would regard it as a public misfortune
if it failed to pass. It cannot probably pass
in any other shape at this session than the
shape in which it is now presented, and I
hope the report of the committee of confer-
ence will be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is such a dif-
ference of opinion about it that I think we had
better not do it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands were decidedly against this proposi-
tion. We never would agree to it.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to say a word as to
what I have learned in regard to this matter
on the Committee on Territories in relation to
the public lands in the Territory of Utah.
The Government bounds are entirely destroyed,
and it is utterly impossible, I am informed by
men from that Territory, to tell anything about
it. The Mormons have destroyed the bounds
set up by the Government surveyors. They
have undertaken to grant the lands by their
territorial Legislature to private individuals
in all directions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was a surveyor
general sent out from this city to Utah who
surveyed whole regions of country without a
chain or compass ever passing over them,
making mathematical subdivisions of the coun-
try and reporting them to the General Land
Office, and the absence of landmarks is charged
upon the Mormons, when it is known at the
Land Office to be the fault of the surveyor
general.
The report was rejected—ayes nine, noes
not counted.
shoe lastings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little joint
resolution on the table from the House of Rep-
resentatives that we may as well take up and
pass now. I am satisfied it is right. It was
referred to the Committee on Finance. I now
report it back and ask to have it put on its
passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that a tariff bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Changing it in one
particular.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it increasing the
tariff?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. Let it be read
and Senators will see exactly what it is. It is
merely as to the description of one article.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) to
amend section five of an act entitled "An act
to increase the duty on imports, and for other
purposes," approved June SO, 18C4. was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to repeal the paragraph of section
