1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
to commence on the 5th of November, 1863, at
the rate of dollars per month, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all after
the word "rolls," in the fifth line, in the fol-
lowing words:
To commence on the 5th day of November, 1863, at
the rate of dollars per month, and to continue dur-
ing her widowhood.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
At the rata of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence from the 5th day of November, 1863, and to
continue during her widovfhood, upon satisfactory
pi oof that she was and is tao widow of Alexander D.
Smith, late a lieutenant colonel of the thirteenth
regiment Tennessee cavalry volunteers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
' MRS. ELIZABETH FLETCHER.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1146) for the relief
of Mrs. Elizabeth Fletcher. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place the
name of Elizabeth Fletcher, widow of Captain
L. \V. Fletcher, late of company A, thirteenth
regiment Tennessee cavalry, on the list of in-
valid pensioners, and pay to her during widow-
hood the sum of twenty dollars per month,
from the date of the death of her late husband ;
and in the event of the death or remarriage of
Elizabeth Fletcher the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed to pay to the legally appointed
guardian of the orphan children of Captain L.
W. Fletcher the pension awarded to Elizabeth
Fletcher, until they shall respectively attain
the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL DOWSING.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1125, granting an additional pension to Samuel
Downing, one of the three last surviving sol-
diers of the revolutionary war, who is one hun-
dred and five years old.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1123) granting an
additional pension to Samuel Downing, one of
the last surviving soldiers of the revolutionary
war. It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place upon the pension-roll the name of Sam-
uel Downing, one of the last surviving soldiers
of the revolutionary war, for an additional pen-
sion, at the rate of $500 per annum, from the
3d day of September, 1866, and to continue
during the remainder of his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EZRA B. GORDON.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
002) granting a pension to Ezra B. Gordon,
was read the second time and considered" as on
the Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Ezra B. Gordon, late a private of
company F, fourth regiment New Hampshire
volunteers, on the pension-roll at the rate of
fifteen dollars a month, to continue during his
natural life. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARTHA M'COOK.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- i
sider the joint resolution (8. R. No. 171) for the j
relief of Martha McCook. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay or cause to be
paid to Mrs. Martha McCook, widow of the
late Major McCook. of Jefferson, county, Ohio,
in consideration ol the services of her husband
and eight sons to the country in the late war
for the Union, four of whom perished of wounds
received in battle when in the line of their duty,
an annuity during her natural life of $250 per
annum, to be paid semi-annually.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did we not have that
before us at the last session 1
Mr. LANE. A similar bill passed the House
at the last session, but failed to pass the Senate.
The circumstances are very peculiar. This old
lady had eight sons in the service. One of them
died in the Navy, and four were killed in the
Army. ..Her husband was, I believe, a pay-
master ; at all events, he was on the staff, and
was not compelled to enter the service; but
he went into the service and lost his life. We
thought, under the circumstances, this addi-
tional compensation would not be too much.
Her husband was killed in the Morgan raid.
He volunteered to defend his neighbors in
Ohio. His family were exceedingly gallant
and brave and distinguished. The historv of
the country for the last five years is a sufficient
report upon this case and testifies to the gal-
lantry of the McCook family. It is an excep-
tional ca>;e and establishes no new rule; but I
hope whenever such a case shall arise here-
after, characterized by the same features, that
the Congress of the United States will grant
the additional compensation in all such cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not the family in
good circumstances?
Mr. LANE. The family is poor, and this
widowed mother is now supporting the widow
and orphan children of one of the sons who
was assassinated in Alabama, General A. D.
McCook, who was murdered by guerrillas.
They are poor and need this compensation.
We thought, under the circumstances, that
this resolution ought to be passed.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WEST VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 167) for the relief of cer-
tain enlisted men, of the seventh regiment West
Virginia volunteers, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of War to cause to
be paid to William T. Connell, J ohn Keplinger,
and Isaac Conrad, full pay and allowances as
private soldiers from August 17, 1861, to Jan-
uary 9, 1863, on presentation of satisfactory
proof that tliey were duly enlisted in the sev-
enth regiment West Virginia volunteers as
such, and that their muster into service was
prevented by their capture and detention as
prisoners of war, from September 7, 1801, to
the date embraced by this resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, road the third time,
and passed.
CAPTAIN ELI AS BEAM.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
584, reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 584) for the relief of
Captain Elias Beale. late captain company H,
eighth regiment Tennessee volunteer infantry.
Tt°directs the Paymaster General of the United
States Army to settle and pay the account of
Elias Beale, late a captain of company H,
eighth regiment Tennessee volunteer infantry,
for his services and all allowances as captain
in that regiment from the 25th of July^l86o,
to the 30th of June, 1865, being to the time
he was mustered out of the service, deducting
all moneys that have been paid to him as a
private in the service during that time.
Mr. BROWN. This is a bill that was
reported from the Committee on Militai}7
Affairs. They examined the case thoroughly,
and they were satisfied that he was entitled to
this money. He was a captain, but was talcen
prisoner before he was mastered in. It is to
give him the additional allowance to which he
would be entitled at that rank. He was paid
as a private.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TUBULAR BRIDGE AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BROWN. There is one other little bill
that I should like to have acted upon this
evening. It is a bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post lloads lor t.he
construction of a tubular bridge under t.he
Mississippi river. I believe there is no objec-
tion to it in any quarter, and it will ouly take
the time required in reading the title. It is
Senate bill No. 421.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the
construction of a submerged tubular bridge
across the Mississippi river, at the city of St.
Louis.
The '1 Mississippi Submerged Tubular Bridge
Company," a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Missouri, will be empow-
ered by the' bill to construct, maintain, and
operate a submerged iroa tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river, between the eity ol St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, and the city of
East St. Louis, in the State of Illinois, subject
to all the conditions contained in its act of
incorporation and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the act. In case of any litigation
j arising from any obstruction, or alleged ob-
struction, to the free navigation of the waters,
the cause may be tried before the district court
of the United States of any State in which
any portion of the said obstruction or bridge
touches.
Any bridge built under the provisions of the
act is to be tubular in construction, and sunk
below the bed of the river so that the top of
the structure shall bo below the lowest water
fine of the Mississippi river, and so that it shall
in no wise interfere with or obstruct navigation
when completed, or prevent a safe and expe-
ditious transit for all classes ol vessels upon
the river during construction. Any bridge so
erected is to be a lawful structure, and is to be
recognized and known as a post route, upon
which also no higher charge is to be made for
the transmission of the mails, troops, and
munitions ol war of the United States than
the rate per mile which the railroad companies
terminating at either end receive lor such ser-
vices. No exclusive right or privilege is ever
to be granted to any of the steam railroads
now concentrating at St. Louis or East St.
Louis by the bridg« company to use the bridge,
but it is to be equally open to all, under such
regulations and at such charges as may be
fixed, not to exceed those now charged by the
Wiggings Ferry Company. ^ .
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
committee who reported that bill whether the
company authorized to construct the bridge
have ever done an3'thing in that direction j
whether any money has been invested in the
project; whether there has been any earnest,
serious attempt made?
Mr. BROWN. _ All I can say is that the
company is organized and is indorsed b) some
of the first engineers of the country as approv-
ing of the plan, and that, they are contracting
at the present time for one or two of a similar
kind. There is nothing, I think, that can be
objected to in the bill itself.
Mr. HOWARD.
tory of bridges.
Mr. BROWN. It is a novelty.
Mr. HOWARD. The proposition is to
make a bridge under the river, is it not?
Mr. BRO\VN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. Entirely beneath the
water. , . ,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to understand
what is meant by the language of the second
section : . .
That any bridgo built under the provisions ol
this act shall be tubular in construction, and sunk
It is a novelty in the his-
