1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
below the bed of said river so that the top of said
structure shall be below the lowest water-line of the
Mississippi river.
"What does the Senator from Missouri un-
derstand to be the lowest low water-line of the
Mississippi ?
Mr. BROWN. Not "lowest low water-
line," but "lowest water-line" — the lowest
point at which the water channels through the
river ; the lowest point of the bottom.
Mr. GRIMES. " The lowest water-line."
Mr. BROWN. That is, the lowest point at
which the water is in the bottom of the river.
That is the lowest water-line."
Mr. GRIMES. I should like you to certify
to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
from what committee this bill came—the Com-
mittee on Commerce ?
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads. The Senator from Min-
esota [Mr. Ramsey] reported the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may be right, perhaps,
in the particular instance, but legislation of
this sort has generally come from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN. On the contrary, I think all
the bridge bills passed here for the lust two
years have been referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not my recol-
lection.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; every one of
them has come from that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about further to
say that (he bill provides that the structure,
when completed, shall be a mail route. That
legalizes it whether it interferes with the navi-
gation or not. In the ease of the Wheeling
bridge tho Supreme Court decided that the
bridge which had been erected was to come
down because it interfered with commerce ;
but afterward when Congress passed an act
making tho bridge a post route and a legal
structure, the court held that it was competent
for Congress, if it thought proper, to impede
in any way that it thought advisable tho navi-
gation of the river; that whether it was or was
not an obstruction to the navigation of the
river the bridge should stand. 1 am a little
apprehensive that if it turns out that this bridge
shall be in fact a very serious obstruction to
the free navigation, it would still stand under
the provision which says it is to be a mail
route. The bridge, as I understand, is not to
lie under the bed of the river.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, entirely under
ground.
Mr. BROWN. Altogether.
Mr. .JOHNSON. The hill says " the water-
line." *
Mr. BROWN. Below the water-line, below
the bed of the river.
Mr. GRIM ICS. Why not say that expressly?
Mr. BROWN. If there is any doubt about
the meaning of tho language as to what "the
lowest water-line" is, it is very easy to make
the thing detinite by saying "tho bed of the
river."
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that would do
better.
Mr. BROWN. I did not draw the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
wi|l move tlialameudmenl, it will free the bill
from a difficulty which ] think would otherwise
exist.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to an
amendment of that sort.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out in the fourth line of tho
second section, tho words " lowest water-line "
and inserting "bed of the channel."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire,
as this is the chartering of another bridge com-
pany, whether the bridge that was authorized
at the last session of Congress to be built so
high that the tops of the chimneys of the largest
steamers could not touch it, and with a span
of five hundred feet in the clear, has been con-
structed or is in the process of construction.
Mr. HENDERSON. Fourhundredfeetspan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought five hundrecT
feet was the span of the bridge the Senator's
colleague was providing for at the last session.
But now there seems to be a proposition for
another bridge to go as deep under the earth
as the one last year was to go above. If that
high bridge is a success, if it has been con-
structed, there may be, perhaps, no necessity
for this.
Mr. BROWN. In reply to the Senator, I
can only say that, so far as I am advised,
measures have already been taken to organize
under the authority that was grantee}, at the
last session of Congress. Whether the bridge
will be too high for the Senator to cross when
it gets done, or not, I cannot say; nor as to
the dimensions, whether they will be found
unnecessarily large. My own opinion still is
that it would have been bettor if the laws pro-
viding for the various bridges across the river
had required them to be longer in their spans
and higher in their elevation.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Missouri whether this
experimental bridge has been tried anywhere
else; whether we have any structure of this
description now in use in the United States?
It seems to me this bill contemplates rather a
curious operation. The company who have it
in charge will be compelled to excavate the
earth under the Mississippi river, and of course
the excavation will be very long, not less prob-
ably than a mile or a mile and a half, and per-
haps even two miles.
Mr. BROWN. Howlong is the tunnel under
the lake at Chicago?
Mr. HOWARD. It will, of course, require
the expenditure of a vast amount of money.
For my part I do not understand what the Uni-
ted States have to do with a question of this
kind. 1 f tho company can acquire the right of
soil or tho right to use the soil on each side of
tho river from private proprietors, as I suppose
they may, what is the objection to their digging
this tunnel directly under the river without the
permission of the United States so long as they
do not obstruct the navigation ? They are still
upon the land of private proprietors when they
are under tho bottom of the l'jver, because the
riparian proprietors own to the center of the
stream and own of course all the land under
the stream. The United States have only an
interest in the water itself for the purposes of
navigation as a highway. I do not see the
necessity of passing this bill at all. Beside, I
am not willing to launch upon this kind of
experiment.. I should bo glad to wait and see
whether it is likely to operate favorably else-
where.
Mr. HENDERSON. At the last session of
Congress there were some seven or eight or
nine bridges authorized across the Mississippi
river, to be built only eight feet above tho
water. I suggested as an amendment at the
time to those bills the present proposition, a
proposition that cannot, under any circum-
stanecs, if carried out, interfere with the navi-
gation of the stream. This proposition was
presented by me and indorsed by six or seven
of the most eminent engineers in this country,
among them Mr. Latrobc, who said that the
scheme was perfectly practicable. At this ses-
sion of Congress we have succeeded in getting
a favorable report from the proper committee.
It is perfectly clear that a tubular bridge will
not interfere with the navigation of the river
nor interfere with anybody's interests. All we
desire to do is to give the privilege to a com-
pany in the city of St. Louis, if they can do so,
to build a bridge of this character. The Sen-
ator from Michigan says that this is an untried
experjpient, and asks my colleague to know
whether this thing has ever been tried in any
part of the world.
Mr. HOWARD. No; not any part of the
world, but in this country.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that rivers
are rivers whether they be in the West or in
the East. I suppose that the river Thames is
very much in some respects like the Mississippi
river; that is, at the bottom there is land, and
there is water running upon the land. The
Thames, I believe, is a much wider stream at
the city of London than the Mississippi is at
the city of St. Louis. Instead of being two
miles wide, the Mississippi river at St. Louis
is scarcely half a mile in width. The Thames,
I understand, is from a mile and a half to three
miles. The tunnel is of greater length than .
three miles, as I am informed.
If this structure should prove to be any ob-
struction to navigation, there is a provision in
the bill by which it may be abated as a nuis-
ance ; but I do not believe that it will obstruct
navigation. I think this privilege ought to be
granted, and I am very much astonished that
there should be any opposition manifested on
the part of any gentleman to a proposition of
this sort. If there should be any obstruction,
it may be prevented at any time, at the incep-
tion of the bridge building or after it has pro-
gressed. The proposition is to dig a tunnel
and to put a tubular iron frame or boxes and
a railroad track in the bottom. The tops of
these submerged iron cylinders are to be en-
tirely beneath the water in the river; they are
to be below the bed of the channel, adopting
the language of the Senator from Iowa. There-
fore it cannot interfere with anybody. If we
cap build such a bridge at St. Louis it will
not only be beneficial at that point, but the
same kind of bridge may be adopted at every
other point on the Mississippi, and it seems to
me that that ought to be done. The bill, there-
fore, can do no harm, and it may do much good.
The Senator from Illinois, who fought his
nine bridge bills through at the last session,
asks my colleague what has become of the high
bridge at St. Louis. Suppose the high bridge
has not been commenced, is there any harm in
building a low bridge? The Senator was very
anxious last year to build a low bridge at
Qnincy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have begun that.
Mr. HENDERSON. You have not got it
built.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They arc at work on it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, let us go to
work on this low bridge, entirely beneath the
water, in the Mississippi river. Steamers can
go up and down the river and not know that a
train of cars is passing below. The captain
and pilot and engineer will bo ignorant of the
fact that a locomotive is passing beneath the
bed of the river. Why not let us do it?
Mr. President, a Senator suggested to me a
while ago, and I think it is true, that however
high or however low #e build a bridge at St.
Louis it will hardly suit the Senator from Illi-
nois. I do not know what exact height my
colleague must adopt in order to suit the Sen-
ator from Illinois. It would be difficult for me
to know and difficult for my colleague. Now,
let us have this bridge, if a company organized
under the laws of the State of Missouri will go
to work and. construct it without a dollar of
expense to the Government. They do not ask
for any money. They are willing to bear the
burden. Why not do so, and let it be a post
route when they have made it?
Mr. HOWARD. Why can they not build it
without a charter ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Then all the other
companies might have built bridges without
charters. Why have a charter for a bridge at
Winona? The point is that we desire to have
it made a post route, and it ought to be made
so just as much as any other construction of
the sort.
Mr. IiOWE. Let us vote and we will pass
your bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. If I were perfectly
satisfied the Senate would pass the bill I would
cease speaking, but without a promise on tho
part of Senators that they will pass the bill I
am disposed to continue my remarks.
Mr. HOWE and others. Let us try.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well, I will stop.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was not aware, before
I heard the remarks of the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the Thames was so large a stream,
i I went into the tunnel there some years ago
