1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
five of the act of June 30, 1804, which is in
those words: "on lastings, mohair, cloth,silk
twist, wool, or other manufactured cloth woven
or made in patterns of such size, shape, and
form, or cut in such manner as to be fit for
Bhoes, slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, and
buttons exclusively, not combined with India-
rubber, ten percent, ad valorem."
The resolution also provides that machinery
for the manufacture of beet sugar, and imported
for that purpose solely, shall be exempt from
duty.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should be glad if the
chairman of the Committee on Finance would
state in a word or two what this is.
Mr. FESSENDEX*. I cannot tell without
looking at the act, but my impression is that
it puts these articles into a different schedule
at a higher rate of duty.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that some
years ago, nearly twenty years ago, lastings,
mohair, and other articles out of which shoes
were made was charged twenty per cent, duty,
and ten per cent, if cut in patterns. The twenty
per cent, duty has been carried up to fifty per
cent, duty, but the ten per cent, duty remains
as it did then, and has not been changed. The
result is that the wealthy manufacturers are
sending to Canada and to England for these
articles cut out, and they bring them into the
country at ten per cent., cheating the revenue
out of forty per cent., and nobody gets the
ad vantage of it but these men.
Mr. IIEX'DRICKS. Is that all there is in
the proposition ?
Mr. WILSON. It is all there is in the first
•ection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other section is
simply allowing machinery for the manufacture
of beet-root sugar to come in free of duty.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION' BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1170) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1868, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1176)
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June oO, 1S03, having met, after full and
free confcrcnco Imvo agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective House, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and fourth
amendments.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate recede from the third amendment,
and that tho two Houses agree to said proviso, with
the following amendment: strike out all after the
word "provided" in the filth line to the end of the
paragraph at line eighteen, and insertinlieu thereof
as follows: " That tho civil engineer and naval store-
keeper, when required at any of tho navy-yard*, shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senai e, and the persons employed
at the several navy-yards as master machinists, mas-
ter carpenters, master joiners, master blacksmiths,
master boiler-makers, master saiimakers, master
plumbers, master painters, and master caulkers, shall
be men skilled in their several duties, and appointed
from civil life."
That 'he House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same with an amendment, as follows: strikeout
au of saidamendment after the enacting clauso and
insert in lieu thereof tho following: "That no officer
err cmploy6 of the Government shall requiro or re-
quest any workiogman in any navy-yard to contrib-
ute or pay any money for political purposes, nor shall
any worlungman be removed or discharged for polit-
ical opinions, and any officer oremployiS of the Gov-
ernment who shall offend against the provisions of
this section shall be dismissed tho service of the Uni-
ted States." T. A. HENDRICKS.
W.T. WILLEY,
WILLIAM SPltAGUE,
Manager« on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON.
N. P. BANKS, "
F.A.PIKE,
Manageri on the part of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain that the
Senate recedes from its appropriation for the
purchase of property at and in addition to the
Charlestown navy-yard. This report amends
the proviso 
Several Senators. Never mind; it is all
right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; if the re-
port is satisfactory to the Senate I shall say
no more.
The report was concurred in.
RECESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (at eight and a half
o'clock p. m.) If there is no other business
on the table requiring the attention of the Sen-
ate, I move that the Senate take a recess till
seven o'clock this evening.
Several Senators. Say eight.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
motion by substituting eight o'clock for seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we meet at eight
we may be kept here an hour later than if we
meet at seven.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We are ahead of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To accommodate gen-
tlemen, I will say half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
took a recess till seven and a half o'clock p. m.
SUNDAY EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.. (Sunday, March 3.)
credentials.
Mr. MORGAN presented the credentials of
! the Hon. Roscoe Coxkling, elected a Sen-
ator of the United States by the Legislature
of the State of New York for the term of six
j years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1807 ; which were read, and ordered to be filed,
j Mr. LANE presented the credentials of the
; Hon. Garrett Davis, elected a Senator of the
! United States by the Legislature of the State
of Kentucky for the term of six years, com-
mencing on the 4th day of March, 18G7;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
message fkoji the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 543) to abolish and forever
prohibit the system of peonage in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico and other parts of the
United States;
A bill (S. No. 563) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment for debt;
A bill (S. No. •'595) to regulate the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
Freedmen's Bureau : and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) for the
relief of Dyer B. Pettijohu.
The message further announced that the
House had passed bill of the Senate No. 570,
relating to appeals and writs of error to the
Supreme Court, with an amendment, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The-message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. 11. No. 86-3) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the city of Stockton to the town of Cop-
peropolis, in the State of California, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
condition op indian tribes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE^frora the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for
an annual inspection into Indian affairs, and for
other purposes, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (S, No. 201) enti-
tled "An act to provide for an annual inspection
into Indian affairs, and for other purposes," having
met, after full and free conference could not agree,
and ask to be discharged from its further considera-
tion. JAMES E. DOOLITTLE,
SAMUEL C. POMEROY,
ALEXANDER G. CATTELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
WILLIAM WINDOM,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was agreed to.
hocse bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 805) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the
city of Stockton to the town of Copperopolis,
in the State of California, was rend twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
appeals to the supreme court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 570) relating
to appeals and writs of error to the Supreme
Court, which was to add the following as a new
section:
And be it farther enacted. That where an appeal haa
been or may be taken from any final judgment, de-
cree, or order of the district court of the United
States for any district to a circuit court, the cause
appealed, by consent of parties, may be heard and
disposed of by tho circuit court held by the district
judge at any time after the appeal, in the case of the
absenco at such term of tho Chief Justice of tho Uni-
ted States or the associate j ustice allottod to the circuit
in which such district is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move the reference of
that amendment to the Committee -on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have discovered that
two very slight amendments are necessary in
the amendments that we made to the deficiency
bill; and for the purpose of making them I
move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the bill was passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be
read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is now before the Senate, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment appropriating $50,000 for tem-
porary clerks in the Treasury Department.
The Secretary read as follows:
For temporary clerks in tho Treasury Department,
$50,000: Provided, That the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury be, and ho is hereby, authorized in his discretion
to classify the cl erks authorized according to the char-
acter of their services.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to amend that
clause by inserting after the words "Treasury
Department'' the words "for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868." It is for the next
fiscal year; but as it stands there it is for the
present.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had that amend-
ment on another bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; it was one of
those we were obliged to abandon in order to
pass that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I only deem it my duty to
say I regret every time that any discretion is
left to the Secretary of the Treasury, because
I think him unworthy of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire if this is
an additional appropriation to what has already
been made ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; we were obliged
to abandon the other in the contest with the
House.
Mr. GRIMES. This puts the same appro-
priation that we abandoned on the other bill
on this bill ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, in the clause
with regard to the salaries of the judges, I
move to insert after the word "judges" where
it. last occurs the words "snd shall take effect
at the commencement of the next fiscal yew."
Tho amendment wag agreed to.
