1867.
THfi €QM?RESgI©flML (ffiOiE
m
is absolutely necessary; but aS'OpinionH differ
as to the precise point of time when an ap-
pointment is completed, t^e-eomniittee thought
it best; to save_ all question, inasmuch as the
pehalties of this se&fit® dre Ygry Heavy', to add
a proviso giviiig-rthe!-;I*rt&fiieti:fc po'wto1 to make
oat, after' we have: adjotfrneay cbmniissions
in cases where we have confirmed men, oil the
last day of the: gession,for instance.' so thai'he
could not' make'<Hit 'the comtatesion before the
adjournment. ^
Mr, HOWARD: I inquire of the Senator
from Vermont whether that has not been the
uniform practice of the President in such cases.
I-thirck it has been. I have rio desire to make
opposition to'this amendment, but it seems to
me1 to be supererogatory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That undoubtedly has
been the uniform pi*actice; but it has algo been
the uniform practice of the President to re-
move and appoint and make out commissions
at his own free will altogether. We now pro-
pose to regulate the duration of appointments
and to punish by heavy penalties any violation
of this-act; and we do not think it wise, on the
whole, to leave it open to any criticism as to
what- precise point of time an appointment takes
effect, and therefore we thought it better to
say in express words, to save all question, that
commissions in these eases may be issued after
the adjournment.
Mr. HOWARD.- I do not wish to oppose
this amendment, though I really think it is
superfluous. I think the point was decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
ease of Marbury vs. Madison. What I under-
stand to be the proceeding is this: the Presi-
dent of the United States makes a nomination
of a particular officer to the Senate; that is to
say, he asks the Senate to give their advice and
consent to the appointment of A B. Suppose
the Senate does so, and the proper officer of
the Senate reports the fact to the President:
then he has in his hand the advice and consent
of the Senate to that particular nomination.
After this advice and consent are thus com-
municated to the President I do not understand
that he is under the slightest obligation actually
to appoint that nominee. The vote of the Sen-
ate may remain in his drawer unnoticed. The
appointment, properly and strictly speaking, is
never made and completed until the President,
in the form of a regular commission, with the
seal of the United States affixed by the Secre-
tary of State, has appointed the person to that
office. In other words, I think that an appoint-
ment by the President is never complete and the
office completely vested in the appointee until
a commission has thus been signed and deliv-
ered to the appointee. Is not that the law ?
Believing that to have been the understanding
of the country and to have been the decision
of the Supreme Court, or rather the reasoning
of Mr. Chief Justice Marshall in the case to
which I have referred, I cannot see the propri-
ety or necessity of this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely the
reason why the committee thought it best to
offer this amendment. Inasmuch as we pre-
clude any appointments being made in the
recess, so far as the making out of the com-
mission for a person whose" appointment the
Senate have advised and consented to is a part
of the appointment, wte want to have the Pres-
ident authorized to do it in the recess when
necessary, and therefore to save any question as
to violating the penal provisions of the section
we thought it wise to put in this provision.
My own opinion is that it is not necessary, but
we did not want to leave any excuse to prevent
the making out of the commission in such a
case.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; if the. com-
mittee have considered this somewhat delicate
question and think this provision necessary I
shall not object.
Mr. LANE. I am going to make a motion
which I hope will meet the general concur-
rence. We propose by this bill to restrict the
power of removal in the President. We have
already determined upon the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts not to restrict cer-
tain' officers to be removed in the future whose
salary is over $1,000. We have upon motiofi
of the Senator from Wisconsin already voted
that Cabinet officers shall be excluded. We
propose to do a certain thing and at the same
time" the bilPdoes not accomplish it; and I
move now the indefinite postponement of the
bill, and I shall vote for that motion m the
hope that it may prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
has .precedence. The question is on the motion
of tie Senator from Indiana to postpone the
bill indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER, I cannot say that at this
stage I am ready to vote forthe indefinite post-
ponement of the bill, but I am ready to say
that the votes which have been taken do deprive
the bill of its essential practical value. The
Senator from Vermont follows up his bill on
points of law: he had better meet the practical
questions of the hour ; they are involved not
in law, but in facts. The facts are that a tyr-
anny at the other end of the avenue seeks to
oppress the honest citizens of this Republic.
We can interpose our protecting arm, "but we
have refused to do it. Now, we proceed to try
to settle certain questions of law. If those
questions of law can be settled by this bill, I
shall be glad of it; therefore I am not ready at
this momentto vote for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill; but I do say that the bill will
be of very little practical value compared with
what it could be had it not been shorn of its
proper functions. The bill does not meet the
exigency of the times. It ignores great facts
that fill this whole country. It ignores the
tyranny of the President, which is brought to
bear with a strong arm upon loyal and patri-
otic citizens throughout the land. It seeks
simply to vindicate to itself certain powers of
the Senate, and thus to throw a safeguard over
a certain number constituting a limited class
of office-holders. The bill should go further
and:surround all office-holders, so far as it is
practicable, with the arms of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the diffi-
culty with my friend from Massachusetts seems
to be that unless he can have plum-pudding
every day he is almost ready to starve. I
suppose, on his theory, if we were organizing
a court of justice, he never would consent to
the passage of a bill which should establish a
judiciary until he had gone over the country
and gathered up all the suitors and arranged
their places in it and provided exactly who
should be tried first. If my friend from Mas-
sachusetts would only consider for a moment
that the simple proposition in this bill relates
to the powers of the Senate and to the duration
of the tenure of certain offices and to nothing
else, and would content himself with doing one
thing at a time, there would then be time
enough to declare afterwrftd how broad the
area should be of the number of offices to
whose appointment the confirmation of the
Senate should be a necessary ingredient. As
fast as that number of offices is enlarged, just
so fast the officers to fill them will come within
the scope of the protection of this bill.* Now.
I implore my friend from Massachusetts and
my friend from Indiana, if they are really sin-
cere in treating this subject in any other Way
than that of mere enthusiasm arid heat, let ns
settle the principles upon which the action of
the President and Senate shall proceed, and
then as fast as the occasion arises we shall find
the subjects upon whom these principles shall
operate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana
to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. LANE. I do not wish'to embarrass the
action of my party friends; I have generally
acted with them; and I will withdraw the
motion, although I think there is nothing at all
in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
being withdrawn, the question recurs on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont,
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Ver-
mont has no doubt given m'pr'e attehtioii tO ffif
^abject of his amendment than I' have ;■ btHf ii
seems to me to be liable to two objettidns^tfis
first of which is that' it' is not necessary. * 'fie
President as a matter of Ctturffe, or th'e proper
Department, would have the'poWer to Msue the
commission after the Senate had advised';and
cOrisented tO the appointment. I thiiik that fst
regulated by a general law independent offhis
provision. The second objection is that j?er-
haps impliedly if takes from the PrggJdfiff
authority to issue' Commissions dut-rag the
session of the Senate. It says that he' shall
issue commissions to officers when thi? Senate
lias advised, consented to ihtiSt ap^'diiitmeht,
after the adjournment of the Seeatto Then,
if there is no law now which gives him-author-
ity to issue commissions in the recess, the
implication from this language would Be that
no commission could be issued during the ses^
sion of Congress. That would be attended ,
with very great difficulty, particufarly duriiig
the long session, when we arc here sometimes
until the month of August, and have been haw
until September. During that whole* period,,
from week to week ana month to month,
appointments are being made, and that will be
the case if this bill passes in sucH cases as are
provided for by the bill.
If I am right in supposing that the implica*
tion will be that there is no" authority to issue
a commission until affer ffie stdjourniiient of
Congress, the officefs appointed early in 'the
session, notintermediatelyin the session, w'duld
have to wait until Congress adjourned before
they could get their commissions. That I sup-
pose is not the purpose of my friend from Ver-
mont ; but I submit to him whether thdt per-
haps will not be the effect of his amendment.
On the other question I am not so certain f
that is to say, whether the Presideut has not
the power, or to state it more correctly,whether
it is not his duty to issue commissions to offi-
cers who have been appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Except for
the authority of the Supreme Court in the ease
of Marbury vs. Madison, the doctrine of which
was perhaps recognized as a sound one in the
subsequent case of the United States vs. Guth-
rie, I should presume the President had no
authority to withhold a commission, after it has
been signed and filed in the Department, of an
officer who has been appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the,Senate. If there be
any doubt of the authority of the President to
issue a commission after the adjournment of
the Senate, it is a doubt that ought to be cured
by this amendment; but I am by no means
sure that such a doubt is well founded, and I
think it more probable perhaps that the amend-
ment would create difficulty instead of remov-
ing it, by giving room for the construction ftat
it takes from the President the power to issue
commissions until the Senate does adjourn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This amendment is
clearly proper and ncccssary if the bill itself
shall pass. By the third section it is provided
that "if no appointment by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate shall bo made
to such office so vacant or temporarily filled, as
aforesaid, during such next session of the Sen-
ate, such office shall remain in abeyance"—
shall not be filled. Then, in the sixth section,
to which it is proposed to add the amendment,
are provisions making it a penal offense to fill
up or issue any paper in connection with an
appointment forbidden by the present bill. It
will follow that where an appointment is not
actually made and the commission issued be-
fore the adjournment of the Senate, it cannot
be made or issued after the adjournment. We
know that in the closing hours of the session
we very often confirm hundreds arid hundreds
of officers when it is physically impossible that
the President shall in consequence of our con-
firmations sign the commissions before the
Senate adj ourns. It therefore becomes strictly
necessary that we should confer authority^ by
an amendment upon him to make the appoint-
ment, or rather sign the commission and issue
