5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IS;
it after our adjournment*. It is physically im-
possible that he can do it before. The Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] asks, does he
not have that power now? Of course he has,
bat this, bill takes it away. It takes away the
power to make an appointment, to sign a com-
session of the Senates it cannot be done after-
ward. If the Senator will look back to the
third section and consider it in connection with
the penal clauses of the sixth he will see that
this amendment is indispensable.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose we all under-
stand, this bill now very well, and the votes upon
the different propositions indicate the pleasure
of' the_ majority to stand by the report of the
committee, and I think it is desirable, as this
bill is to pass, not by my vote however, that it
, should be passed this evening. It is a matter
of comfort that we should soon come to a vote,
and I suggest that we do come to a vote and
dispose of this bill. If I thought further dis-
cussion was useful on the subject I should like
to participate in it; but I reckon we have con-
sidered all the amendments it is important to
consider, and I hope we shall come to a vote
this evening so as not to take up any further
time with it.
Mr. WADE. Verywell; let us have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole as it has been
amended in the Senate.
The amendment as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. 'EDMUNDS. I promised my friend
from Indiana yesterday that at the proper time
I would endeavor to convince him and other
gentlemen of the strict propriety of this measure
ttnder preceding legislation and under the Con-
stitution ; but I am disposed, as I perceive such
is the temper of the Senate, and it agrees with
my own decidedly, to forego any observations
upon that point and let the bill come to a vote
at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, I will say
to him I have investigated the subject some-
what that was between us about the legislation
on this subject, and he and I would not be able
to agree upon the question of fact. So we
shall have to postpone that discussion to some
other bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS, I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON (when his name was called)
said: I have paired off with the member from
Iowa, who is not in his seat, [Mr. Kikkwood,]
on the question. He would have voted for the
bill and I should have voted against it.
Mr. NORTON (when his name was called)
said: I have paired off with the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Fowler,] who would have
voted for the bill and I would have voted
against it.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays
9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conncss, Cragin, Edmunds. Fessenden, Fogg,
Foster, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey,
Sherman. Sprague. Sumner, Vail Winkle, Wade,
Willcy, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cowan, Dixon, Dco-
little, Hendricks, Nesmith, Patterson, Riddle, and
Saulsbury—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Creswell, I>avis, Fowler, Guth-
rie, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, MoBougall, Norton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ross, Stewart, and Trumbull—14.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, "A bill
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices."
PERSONAL EXPLANATION—THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. A friend has just called my attention
to the last number of a newspaper, published
in the city of New York, called The Iron Age,
which contains an article headed "Senator
Grimes and the Tariff," which reads thus:
" It was on the motion of Senator Grimes, of Iowa,
that the consideration of the tariff bUl passed by the
House was postponed until the present session. In
making his memorablemotion Mr. GaiMEsis'reported
in the Congressional Globe as using the following
words:
" 'I do not believe that you can convince the peo-
ple of any State that it will be to their advantage to
increase the duty on iron variously from ten to fifty
dollars a ton; or- that it will be for their advantage to
increase the duty on the low grades of cutlery, such
asgo into every farmer's house, six hundred percent.'
" We should be very sorry to do Senator Grimes
an injury; but it is fair to him to say that it is cur-
rently reported that he has a pecuniary interest in a
hardware establishment in Burlington, Iowa, and is
a silent partner in a cutlery business in Beekman
street, New York; and as in his speech proposing
the postponement of the tariff he exhibited special
repugnance to the duty on cutlery, it is. to say the
least, not a little significant that the Senate hill
should come with lower duties than were proposed
either by the House bill or that of Mr. Wells. It
looks certainly a littlesnspieious that in these special
instances the tariff should be sent from the Senate so
strangely low. But possibly the honorable gentle-
man has no pecuniary interest in this matter of im-
ported cutlery, and has not used his influence as a
member of the Senate to promote his own private
ends. In that case we shall be happy to publish-the
disclaimer: at present it is but just to tell him that
appearances are against him."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What paper is that in?
Mr. GRIMES. The Iron Age, the organ of
the manufacturers of iron and cutlery in the
United States. This, it seems, is the manner in
which these men are to operate upon the fears
and the judgments of members of Congress to
induce them to assist in passing a bill which,
in my conviction, while it would be to their
advantage would be vastly to the disadvantage
of a vast portion of this country, if not the
whole of it.
Now, sir, as to the facts, I desire to say that
it is true that I was once a partner in a house
that conducted the hardware business: but my
entire interest in that establishment ceased on
the 28th of August, 1865. From that day to
this I have never had the slightest interest
in anything connected with the hardware or
the iron business. I am not the owner, either
directly or indirectly, of a dollar's worth of
hardware save what is in use in my own
dwelling for domestic purposes.
As to the statement that I am a partner in an
establishment in Beekman street in the city of
New York, I have simply to say that it is un-
qualifiedjyfalse. I cannot imagine from what
this falsehood springs, except it be from the
fact that a person who once had an interest in
my business in the State of Iowa is now, in
some way or other, connected with a cutlery
establishment in Beekman street, in New York.
I do not even know the name of the firm with
which he is associated.
My constituents,nfc-think, the people of my
own town and of my own State, know whether
I am interested in an improper manner in the
hardware or in the iron business. I have never
heard that they suspected me of being improp-
erly interested in this regard.
All Ishave to say is, that if the gentlemen
connected with the iron and steel association,
or any of those who Act under their inspira-
tion, imagine that they are going to accom-
plish any good for themselves by such gross,
slanderous, libelous attacks upon members of
this body, I trust they will find that they are
mistaken; they certainly will so far as it de-
pends upon me.
That this publication was intended as a libel
is evident, from the fact that the publishers of
the Iron Age could, without the slightest dif-
ficulty, have informed themselves of the falsity
of their charges without, going out of the city of
New York, where their publication is issued.
As to the influence that I am said to have
exerted upon members of the Finance Commit-
tee to induce them to report on the subject, of
cutlery as they have reported in the tariff bill
they ca*n answer for themselves. If I have
ever spoken to any member of the committee
on that subject during the present or in any
preceding session of Congress I am not con-
scious of it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of House bill
To. 598, to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desired to make the
same motion in regard to the Niagara ship-
canal bill; but as the Senator is in advance
of me, I will now move that the Senate ad-
journ, and I give notice that I shall try to get
that bill up to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber do me the favor to withdraw his motion
that I may say a woM upon a question which
interests us all I think ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS THE TARIFF.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in the
latitude which the press or rather positions of
the press sometimes take, it very often hap-
pens that every man in public life is more or
less aspersed, or that injustice is done him in
some form or other, either from party metives,
or as frequently from interested motives. I
felt that the instance to which the honorable
member from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] called the
attention of the Senate was one of the latter
character; and I was at the moment about to
rise, and I believe my friend from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] was about to rise, for the purpose
of saying a word upon that subject, when other
matters intervened.
The honorable member from Iowa, wherever
he is known, (and he is known well to all of
us,) needed not for his vindication anything to
be said by himself in contradiction of the
charge, or the assumed charge, to which the
editor of this paper alluded to by him has sub-
jected him. I cannot say all that I think in
his presence ; but I may, without violating any
good taste, I hope, say that every Senator upon
this floor must be convinced that there is no
member of the body who is more incapable of
acting from improper or interested motives than
the honorable member from Iowa. His ap-
pearance in this Chamber is not of a day only;
he has been with us for years, he was reelected
by an almost unanimous vote of his Legisla-
ture, and has resolved, wisely I suppose for
himself, long before his term expired, to do
nothing more than serve out that term, and
then retire to private life, where I am sure he
will be respected as much as he has been re-
spected, and by those who know him beloved,
by the members of this body.
The public, however, may not know the
character of the honorable member, and I
think it is due—a debt which we owe each to
the other at all times and under all circum-
stances—when we find a brother member as-
sailed to denounce it, if we believe it to be
false, as a groundless slander. Such, I am
sure, is the case in the instance to which the
honorable member has called the attention of
the Senate.
But, not satisfied with impeaching almost the
honesty of the member from Iowa, charging
him with having been in his public course
influenced by considerations of personal inter-
est, the writer of this article has ventured to
say that he has been able through that instru-
mentality, or some other, to influence the
members of the Finance Committee. Those
who know the members of that committee,
from its chairman down and including all its
members, know that that must be false. They
may be mistaken in relation to the tariffs which
they may propose from time to time, or in
relation to the internal taxes which they may
propose to have levied from time to time : but
no man who knows the chairman of that com-
mittee, and the honorable men with %vhom he
has been associated during the period he has
been the chairman of that committee, will
hesitate for a moment to charge as a vile
