1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ton, whether direct or indirect, and whether those
commodities be imported from other countries or pro-
duood in the United States, should be totally abol-
ished.
Resolved, 2. That the diminution that may thus be
produced in the revenue receipts of the Government
should be made up and supplied, if necessary, by a
tax of twenty per cent, per annum upon all incomes
oyer $10,000, from whatever souroe derived, and espe-
cially including inoomes derived from interest pay-
able upon bonds and other Government securities
of the united States; and if this should not be suffi-
cient to supply sueli deficiency, the residue, if re-
quired, should be realized by such an increase of
duties upon commodities which are not grown, pro-
duced, or manufactured in theUnited States,such as
spices, gums, tropical fruits, &o., as may bo necessary
for that purpose.
Resolved, 3. That the Committee of Ways and
Means be, and are hereby, instructed, to prepare and?
report a bill so modifying or repealing existing laws
and containing such enactments as will effect' the
objects indicated in the foregoing resolutions.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee of'Ways and Moans.
GEORGE \V. KEITH.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Lieutenant George W.
Keith ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
DBS MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a joint reso-
lution directing the Secretary of War to survey
both sides of the Mississippi river at Des Moines
liapids ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
harbor at nkw buffalo, michigan.
Mr. UPSON presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation of money to
aid in the construction of a harbor at New
Buffalo, Berrien county, Michigan ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
portage lake and river, michigan.
Mr. KERRY presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the Stale of Michigan, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation of money
to improve Portage Lake and harbor in
Houghton county, Michigan ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
MINERAL RANGE RAILROAD.
Mr. h'ERHY also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
asking Congress for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of the Mineral Range railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
IMPRISONMENT I'OIt DEBT.
Mr. WI LSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill for
the relief of persons imprisoned for debt;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHAVES presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the Territory of New Mexico,
asking an increase of thoperdiem of members
of the Legislative Assembly and an increase
of pay of the territorial officers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. CHAVES also presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, asking that an appropriation of money for
school purposes be made instead of the grant
of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of
land j which was referred to the Committee on
the I territories^ and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHAVES also presented a memorial
ot the. Legislature of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, asking that the Secretary of the Interior
be authorized to appoint a board of three com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be to investi-
gate the losses sustained by the citizens of the
Territory during the revolution of 1847 and by
Indian depredations from the arrival and
formal taking possession of the Territory by
General Stephen W. Kearney, and that the
commissioners be authorized to report to the
Secretary of the Interior the losses thus sus-
tained, in order that those justly entitled may
receive their dues; which was referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
polygamy.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, presented a memo-
rial of the Utah Legislative Assembly, praying
for the repeal of an act to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Territories of
the United States; whicB was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed. •
improvement of the mississippi.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, introduced a
bill providing for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
republican state governments.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
on the subject of republican governments for
the States in the Union ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. '
ridgway's battery.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to grant the use of guns for the trial
of Ridgway's battery; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
relief of army officers.
Mr. PAINE introduced a joint resolution
explanatory of a joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of the Army, approved July
20, 1806 ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
coin claimed by virginia hanks.
Mr. COOK introduced a joint resolution in
relation to coin in the Treasury claimed by
certain banks in Virginia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
mound city navy-yard.
Mr. BAKER presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, relating
to a navy-yard at Mound City; which was re-
ferred to tho Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL presented a like resolu-
tion ; which was similarly referred.
universal suffrage.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be to resume the consideration of the
following resolutions, on which the genfleman
from Missouri [Mr. Noell] was entitled to
thirty-three minutes:
Resolved, That Governments wcro mado for tho
peoplo, and not the people for tho Government; that
every adult citizen of sound mind in any State or
Torritory has tho right to a voice in the formation of
the constitution of said State, and in the representa-
tion and laws of said State, and that any State which
disfranchises any class of its citizens on account of
sex is not republican in form, and should be over-
turned by Congress.
Resolved, That tho Committee for the District of
Columbia is hereby instructed to report to this House,
without delay, a bill so amending an act entitled "An
act to regulate tho eleotivo franchise in tho District
of Columbia," which passed Congress J anuary 8,1867,
as to abolish tho disfranchisement of persons from
voting on account of sex.
, Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
instructed to report a bill calling a convention and
authorizing every adult citizen of sound mind in the
Stato of Massachusetts to vote for delegates to said
convention for tho purpose of making a constitution
for said State republican in form.
Mr. NOELL resumed, and concluded his
argument begun on last Monday. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]. Ik
Mr. BID WELL. I do not think we ought
to waste the few remaining days of the session,
and I move that the resolutions be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BID WELL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
call for ltesolutlons.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of the States and Terri-
tories for resolutions in the inverted order,
commencing with Montana.
employes at government printing office.
Mr. WHALEY submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
take into consideration the propriety of including tho
employes of the Government Printing Office under
tho joint resolution giving additional compensation
to certain employes in the civil Government at WWell-
ington.
evening sessions.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered this IIouso
will take a reeess from half past four p. m. to half
past seven p. m. daily, except Saturdays.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pardoning power.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, As the sense of this House,' that the Con-
stitution of the United States authorizes tho Chief
Executivo to extend the pardoning power to the case
of persons who have been tried by appropriate tii-
bunals and convicted of crime and to none others;
consequently all pardons granted to such as have
neither boen convicted nor tried are without founda-
tion in law, and therefore null and void.
capture of jeff. davis.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tho ordinary number of copics of
tho evidence presented to the Committoe of Claims
by tho claimants for the reward for tho capturc of
Jcll'erbon Davis be printed.
national bank currency.
Mr. ELDRIDGE offered the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
thereon;
Resolved, That tho Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency bo directed to inquire into the expediency of
tho withdrawal of tho national bank currency as vap-
idly as it can bo donowithout injustice to tho national
banks, and supplying the place of such currency with
United States Treasury notes, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays. * . «
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes nineteen.
Mr. ANCONA. Tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Eldridge and Broomall.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. ^Vould
a motion to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency be in order?
The SPEAKER. The language of the reso-
lution itself so refers it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to make a separate motion to refer it to
that committee.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done unless
tho previous question is withdrawn.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-one.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 55, not voting
41; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Beainan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boutweli, Brandegee, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, -Sidney Clarke,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming,
