1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my colleague will
allow me, I will state to him that a very capa-
ble and able member of the revenue service—
and they have confounded his ideas—remarked
that those vessels were not exactly what they
should be; they were too large ; that what was
wanted was a vessel built so that it could either
sail or go by steam. That is what he said they
wanted, because, he said, if it was exclusively
a steam vessel it would cost too much for fuel,
and for a large portion of the service you could
use the sails to perform it, and the steam power
was only needed on occasions; that the vessels
to be built should unite both steam power and
sailing power. Instead of that I see we have
authorized the building of sailing vessels ex-
clusively. That was the idea probably they
meant to carry out, and that idea was a good
one. It was with reference to economy. You
save a great deal by the combination, for a
very large portion of the time you do not want
steam power.
Mr. MORRILL. I am very free to say that
I have no decided opinions on the subject, and
I am not at all sure that my colleague is not
entirely right. Still, what we now propose is
exactly in harmony with the legislation of last
year. Tlu.it legislation did contemplate the
sale of certain steam vessels, the proceeds of
which were to be used in the construction of
sailing vessels. We undertake now by appro-
priate legislation to carry out that idea. They
come to us this year and say, " We want fur-
ther legislation; we want an appropriation of
$350,000 to enable us to build the sailing ves-
sels contemplated by the legislation of last
year, oil the ground that it is not convenient
to the service to sell the steam vessels until
we have supplied their places by the sailing
vessels." That is the basis of this legislation.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to make inquiry? What is the necessity of
this legislation, if, as the Senator from Mary-
land says, the Secretary has an appropriation
of some million or two dollars for tne pur-
pose of enforcing the revenue laws of the coun-
try, and under which he has purchased the two
steam-tugs to which reference has here been
made?
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the Senator
from Iowa, my understanding is that the two
steam-tugs were purchased on credit and not
paid for out of any fund, and this is really an
appropriation to meet that payment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The combination that
they wanted is precisely what I stated, the com-
bination of sailing and steam power in the same
vessels.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not certain that that
is not so. All I am undertaking to explain is
what I think my honorable friend from Mary-
land did explain, perhaps more lucidly than I
am doing, that what we are attempting now is
simply to give effect, so far as this idea is con-
cerned, to the legislation of last year, and that
upon the ground that it was settled that we
would combine the two things, to wit, sail and
steam vessels, in this service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is wanted is to
combine them in the same vessel.
Mr. MORRILL. It may be that they ought
to be combined in the same vessel. The other
feature in this bill which commended it to the
committee—this would seem to be incidental,
because it was in harmony with the legislation of
last year—was this: instead of appropriating a
general appropriation for this service, we make
aspecific appropriation for the revenue service ;
not for the collection of the revenue, but a spe-
cific sum for the revenue-cutter service. Those
are the two features of this bill. I do not feel
like arguing the question at all, because it may
be that the legislation of last year, as is sug-
gested by my colleague, was not wise; that
really what the Department intended and what
it needs is a combination of sail and steam in
one vessel; but certain I am that that is not
the recommendation of the Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They did not under-
stand the recommendation made to them on
that subject.
, Mr. CRESWELL. Senators seem to mis-
apprehend entirely the object of this legislation,
and they have gone into a general debate as to
the relative merits of steam cutters and sailing
vessels in the revenue service. Now, sir, ail
this is entirely irrelevant. So far as a debate
of that kind could affect the question it was
discussed at the last session ot Congress, and
by the second section of the act approved April
20, 18G6, it was enacted:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury bo. and ho is
hereby, authorised, in his discretion, to sell at public
auction to thehighest and best bidder, forcash, after
due notice in the public newspapers, such revenuo
cutters as ho shall find to be ill-adapted to the pur-
poses of the revenuo service, and to expend the pro-
ceeds ofsaid sales in the purchase orconstruction of
other vessels better suited to the wants of said ser-
vice."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not say "sail-
ing vessels."
Mr. CRESWELL. Under that authority,
which is as general and comprehensive as
words in the English language could make it,
the Secretary of the Treasury has, in the exer-
cise of that discretion, entered into contracts
for the purchase of eight sailing vessels and
these two steam-tugs. Now, all that we ask
by this bill is that there shall be a direct ap-
propriation of money from the Treasury to pay
for them, to respond to the obligations of the
Government as to these sailing vessels, and
that the proceeds of the steam vessels to be
sold hereafter shall go directly into the Treas-
ury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has been imposed
upon in some way or entered into contracts
very unwisely ; that is manifest.
Mr. CRESWELL. Here is a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury himself.
Mr.' EDMUNDS. Let me ask a question, by
the leave of my friend.
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like my friend
from Maryland to tell us, in connection with
this section of the act of last year which he
has read, where the Secretary of the Treasury
obtained his authority to make any purchase,
or enter into any contract for the purchase of
the vessels that are now alluded to, except to
pay for them out of the proceeds of the sales
of those vessels which should be found un-
adapted to the service of the revenue ?
Mr. CRESWELL. I admit that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had no authority, except
by the common practice of the Department
heretofore, if that justified it, in making any
other arrangement than that the parties con-
tracting for the construction of these sailing
vessels should be paid out of the proceeds of
the sales of steam vessels; but the Depart-
ment now represent to Congress that to do that
thing, to make immediate sale of the steam
vessels, would be detrimental to the service,
and they therefore ask Congress to make a
specific appropriation of money rather than to
require them to do that thing. The Secretary
of the Treasury certifies, in a communication
which I have in my hand, that contracts have
been concluded for the construction of a num-
ber of sailing vessels and for the purchase of
two small steamers on the terms designated in
the inclosed schedule, and appropriations are
asked to enable the Department to carry out
the arrangement; so that if no additional legis-
lation is now made by Congress the contracts
made by the Secretary of the Treasury must
be carried into execution. Even if it be true
that the legislation of last year was a mistake,
and that it would be detrimental to the service
to dispose of the steam vessels and to employ
sailing vessels in lieu of them, the Department
now would be subjected to the double disad-
vantage of depriving the service of the benefit
of the steam vessels altogether, and they would
be required, in accordance with the contract
which Congress authorized last year, to sell
the steam vessels at once, even before the
sailing vessels were ready to go into service.
That is the whole question. The bill which
we present from the Committee on Commerce
m a substitute for the bill of the House further
provides, by way perhaps of exercising cau-
tion, that as soon as the sailing vessels are
ready to be mustered into the service the more
expensive class of steam vessels shall be taken
out of commission and sold.
The distinguished Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessexden] admitted that certain of these
steam vessels were altogether inappropriate to
the service. I am told that one of these steam
vessels of five hundred and fifty tons would
| burn at the rate of four or five thousand tons
of coal a year. She is large enough for a man-
of-war, utterly inappropriate to this service.
It is vessels of this class that we propose to
sell, and after selling them we would still have
seventeen steam cutters in the service, and
about that number of sailing vessels. The
Department think they can find use for both
these, and that combined in this number the
service would be much more efficient than it
is now. That is their deliberate judgment.
If gentlemen here, upon their conjectures,
dreaming upon this subject, admitting that
they have no information, are to vote down
the deliberate request of the Department, so
be it; but let it be understood hereafter that
the same rule shall be applied to the other
Departments, and that we shall require the
chairmen of the several committees, who rely
exclusively for their information upon the De-
partments alone, to certify to us of personal
knowledge in the matters before we shall be
willing to act upon their suggestions.
The first three of the steam cutters in the
revenue service are of the following tonnage:
the Cuyahoga five hundred and fifty tons, the
Lincoln five hundred and thirty, and the Uinta
four hundred and fifty. The second class are
nearly all three hundred and fifty, and some
three hundred and eighty tons. The third
class are much smaller, from two hundred and
twenty down to one hundred and eighty tons.
Mr. GRIMES. Has he got authority to sell
those now ?
Mr. CRESWELL. He has authority under
this act to sell any of them.
Mr. GRIMES. Under the law as it now
stands ?
Mr. CRESWELL. He has authority to sell
any of them that he deems ill-adapted to the
service. The language of the law is: "such
of the revenue-cutters as he shall find to be
ill-adapted to the purposes of the revenue ser-
vice."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why not exercise
the authority under that law?
Mr. CRESWELL. The reason he assigns
is that he desires to retain these steam ves-
sels in service until sailing vessels are ready
to be commissioned. I believe we have stated
the whole case, and I have no desire at this
late period of the session to detain the Senate
by any protracted discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Prima facie what my
friend from Maryland says as to the reliance
that we ought to place upon the report of a
Department ha3 considerable force. A De-
partment of the Government, if it fulfills the
functions that appropriately belong to it, will
be careful to investigate a subject before it
recommends action, so as to have its recom-
mendation stand criticism and investigation
and be entitled to weight. A very good com-
mentary upon the faith that the committee
and my friend from Maryland have in these
recommendations is found on the face of the
very bill before us. The Department, it ap-
pears, recommended one course of practice to
be pursned, and the House of Representatives
passed a bill accordingly. It is submitted to
the scrutiny of the Committee on Commerce
of this body, and they upset the bill altogether.
They are unwilling to stand upon the recom-
mendation of the Department, and mark out,
by an amendment which is almost an entirely
different bill, a course to be pursued which
differs most essentially from that which was
recommended by the Department haviug this
in charge and upon which the House of Rep-
resentatives acted.
Now, then, how much faith are we to repose
in a recommendation of this description, and
