1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
how much weight is to be given to the argu-
ment of my friend from Maryland on this sub-
ject, when he himself is unwilling to pursue
the recommendation of the very Department
that he is now the champion of? That is the
question. I take it, it is our duty as legislators
to take the recommendations of the Depart-
ment,, to examine them, to subject them to
scrutiny, to obtain information from other
sources, and then to act, because we, as the
responsible agents of the people in dispensing
their money and in transacting their business,
cannot shirk the responsibility to them by say-
ing that any man said this or that unless rea-
sons are given for it that shall be satisfactory.
Now, what is the case? The Secretary of
the Treasury a year ago was authorized to dis-
pose of certain steam vessels which should
upon investigation turn out to be ill-adapted
to the uses of the revenue ; and the difficulty
was that they were large revenue steamers,
sea-going steamers, capable of crossing the
Atlantic or going anywhere upon the ocean,
made at a time when we were in a state of
war, when they were wanted for purposes not
strictly connected with the revenue, but for
general purposes, both of naval and commer-
cial affairs ; and now that we have come to a
state of peace or quasi peace, they do not
answer all the purposes that they were origi-
nally designed to answer, and they are more
expensive and costly than is necessary for the
mere purpose of revenue police. Now, what
is to be done? We gave him authority last
year to sell these large vessels if he thought it
fit; to take the money he had sold them for,
and expend that money in the purchase of ves-
sels which should be better suited to that use.
It was not considered then by anybody, I
think I am safe in saying, that the system of
having a steam revenue marine should be
changed to that of having a mere sailing reve-
nue marine. If the Secretary of the Treasury,
acting under the supposed authority of that
act, has undertaken to pledge the credit of
the Government in the purchase of property
with means not derived from the proceeds of
the sales of those vessels, then he has violated
the law; and I am sorry indeed to hear on
almost every occasion that the acts of that De-
partment are brought under discussion here,
from some source or other, that some branch
or other of that Department has set the law
aside, and has chosen to exercise its own will,
instead of exercising ours as the law-making
power. I doubt exceedingly whether the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has committed himself
to any such course, and therefore I do not
intend either to condemn it or to criticise it in
advance. All that I mean to say is, that if
he has, having one authority, undertaken, as
the holder of the public treasure, to pursue
another and to pledge the public money for
purposes not authorized by law, then he de-
serves condemnation. I do not believe he has.
Now, then, at this last day of the session it
does seem to me that, although there may be
some features in the bill which have merit, it
is much better for us to reserve the considera-
tion of it until we can be sure that all we do
will stay done for the good of the service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of
Representatives.
enrolled bills signed.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny;
A bill (S. No. 499) for the relief of Frank
Pugsley, late a private soldier in company I, of
the third regiment New Hampshire volunteers-
A bill (H. R. No. 234) to incorporate the
National Capital Insurance Company ;
A bill (S. No. 604) to define and punish cer-
tain crimes therein named ;
A bill (H. R. No. 916) for the relief of
James M. Bishop;
A bill (H. R. No. 1095) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay a certain
draft to W. W. Potter, late acting military
agent of the State of New York;
A bill (H. II. No. 1137) for the relief of
Oliver Lumphrey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1176) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 1182) to establish certain
post roads;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) for the
relief of certain enlisted men of the seventh
regiment of West Virginia volunteers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 36) referring
the papers in the case of F. A. Gibbons and
F. X. Kelley to the Court of Claims ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) to amend
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 1864.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the oth of Feb-
ruary last, information of the amount of money
received from sales of cotton or other property
turned over to the Treasury Department under
the several laws of Congress, and what dispo-
sition has been made of the same ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
fortification bill.
Mr. MORGAN, from thecOmmittee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. II. No. 1184) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1184) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications, and other works of defense for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1868. having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from so much of their second
amendment as proposes to strike out the second sec-
tion of tho bill, and agree to the same; and the Houso
agree to the Rection proposed to be inserted by the
Senate to said second amendment.
E. D. MORGAN.
LOT M. MORRILL,
JOHN B. HENDERSON,
Manager 9 on t he part of the Senate.
HENRY D. WASHBURN,
WILLIAM IIIGBY.
TEUNIS G. BERGEN,
Managers on the part of the Sou—.
The report was concurred in.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following bills and joint
resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 128) authorizing limited part-
nerships in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 220) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels-of-
war and steam machinery;
A bill (S. No. 264) to grant certain priv-
ileges to the Alexandria, Washington, ' and
Georgetown Railroad Company in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 460) in relation to persons
imprisoned under sentence for offenses against
the laws of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 470) to authorize the change
of a name;
A bill (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," approved
May 17, 1848;
A bill (S. No. 493) supplemental to an act
to establish the Treasury Department, ap-
proved the 2d of September, 1789;
A bill (S. No. 490) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Idaho," approved March
3, 1863 ;
A bill (S. No. 529) to incorporate the How-
ard University in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 501) amendatory of an act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, approved May 26, 1864 ;
A bill (S. No. 534) to provide for the allot-
ment of the members of the Supreme Court
among the circuits, and for the appointment
of a marshal for the Supreme Court;
A bill (S. No. 547) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the reversion to the United States
of the land granted by Congress to aid in the
construction of arailroad from Amboy by Hills-
dale and Lansing to some point on or near
Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan, and for
the completion of said road," approved July
3, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 550) to amend an act entitled
"An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbia," approved
June 25, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 570) extending the time for
the completion of certain street railways ;
A bill (S. No. 592) to protect the rights of
married women, and for other purposes, in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 589) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the National Theolog-
ical Institute and to define and extend the
powers of the same;"
A bill (S. No. 592) toprovide for a temporary
increase of the pay of officers of the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for the
relief of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana.
water-power at rock island.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 303) to enable
the Secretary of War to carry out an agree-
ment in relation to water-power for the arsenal
at Rock Island, have directed me to report it
without amendment; and as it is very short
and will occupy no time I ask to have it put
on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to carry into effect the rec-
ommendations of the commissioners appointed
under the acts of April 19, 1864, and June 27,
1866, relative to the Moliue Water Company
and the water-power at Rock Island, Illinois,
as contained in the report of the commission-
ers, and to make application for that purpose
of the money heretofore appropriated for se-
curing water-power at the head of Rock
Island.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that this resolution
simply authorizes the application of an appro-
priation already made to carry into execution
an award made in pursuance of law.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; that is all there is
in it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 239) to prescribe a rule concerning
members of the bar. and for other purposes,
have partially considered the same, and di-
rected me to prepare an amendment. I have
prepared the amendment, but have not had
the opportunity to present it. I now report
the bill, and ask that it be placed upon the
Calendar.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the following bills, joint res-
olution, petitions, and memorials were referred,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be laid upon the table;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 183) to fix eight hours' labor
