1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
053
suggest an explanation to the gentleman from
Ohio. It may be.that these individuals who are
constantly applying for charters intend to make
rtdney out of them by selling the franchises to
some persons who may be desirous to engage
in these particular branches of business.
Mr. WELKEE. In reply I will say I do not
see anything in the act of incorporation which
authorizes them to sell their charter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. They appear very
often before this House in these bills.
Mr. WELKEE. In reference to another
objection the gentleman makes to this bill,
that these directors may make their director-
ship perpetual, I will say I am willing an
amendment shall be moved to make the elec-
tion of directors annual. I remember no pro-
vision of the kind is contained in the bill. This
company is intended to act outside of this Dis-
trict. It is intended to operate in Cumberland,
and from the mines in that region eoal is to be
transported down the canal to Washington;
and it is authorized to do general trading busi-
ness. 1 do not see how this corporation can
become a monopoly any more than a common
partnership or any other combination of men
who may engage in the coal business.
I know a great many attempts have been
made to incorporate these companies, and for
myself I'should prefer that Congress should
pass a general act of incorporation rather than
to do as we have been doing.
In looking into this charter I see nothing
objectionable, nor do the committee who make
this report, in the provisions contained in this
bill. Some of the-men who are named as in-
corporators may be men to whom members
may take personal exception. I do not know
that. It was a matter not considered by the
committee. We considered the incorporation
for this purpose, and we did not think there
was anything in this bill which could lead to i
the consequences spoken by the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. We have lately passed a
bill enfranchising a certain class of our fellow-
citizens. Now, before they can assume their
rights in this District it seems to me we are
chartering away all of those rights. It seems
to me these charters should be given without
distinction of race or color. [Laughter. ] We
ought to live up to the faith we profess. I
therefore suggest to the gentleman to insert
the name of John D. Johnson, a well-known
and respectable man, known to every member
of this House, who I am certain owns as much
property as many of those who are named here.
Mr. WELKER. I will let the gentleman
move the amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move then to sub-
stitute the name of John D. Johnson for that
of Charles Knap. He will be a representative
of our colored brethren who were lately en-
franchised.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now
in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not object if it is
understood we shall have the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly. I want
the country to see we are living up to our pro-
fessions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask whether there
are any coal mines in the District of Columbia?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this an act of incorpo-
ration to work coal mines?
Mr. WELKER. Yes, sir; and for the trans-
portation of coal. &e.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say I look upon
it then as the most pernicious proposition before
this House this year. The idea of incorporat-
ing companies to interfere with private enter-
prise where private capital is fully competent
seems to me to be a great mistake, it was
tried in Pennsylvania thirty years ago when
our coal mines fc'ere first worked, and it was
found to be injurious to "all private interests.
There was a general uprising against it by the-
mining districts, and *t ldng since beea
rejected as utterly untenable. I object to the
whole matter without regard to the particular
features of this bill.
M r. WELKER. Is it not true a large num-
ber of companies are now engaged in mining
coal in Pennsylvania?
Mr. DAVIS. There is a large number of
companies in Pennsylvania doing business,
transporting coal, &e., and I ask whether it is
under any general law?
Mr. STEVENS. There is a law by which
companies may build-railroads and carry upon
them anything they choose, whether coal or
anything else. There were originally compa-
nies formed to work mines, Simply as miners,
but Pennsylvania has repealed those charters
and refuses to renew them.
Mr. DAVIS. I suspect the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, while he has been giving very
strict attention to his public duties as a mem-
ber of Congress for a few years past, has over-
looked the legislation of his own State. I
undertake to say that in 1863 the Legislature of
Pennsylvania passed a general statute author-
izing the formation of coal corporations, with
the right of transportation; that in 1864 that
statute was amended, and that both those acts
are now on the statute-book of Pennsylvania.
Now, I know Hothing about this bill or tie
character of the parties to be incorporated
under it.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman refer
to any special law or to one open to all ?
Mr. DAVIS. To a general law.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, certainly; undoubt-
edly.
Mr. DAVIS. But the objection the gentle-
man made was that these corporations were
interfering with the rights of individuals.
Mr. STEVENS. I referred to the former
practice of cresting special corporations. A
general law has since been passed allowing
everybody to embark in the business.
Mr. DAVIS. WTas the charter of the Penn-
sylvania Coal Company, or Jhe Delaware and
Hudson Canal Company, or the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company
repealed or abolished ?
Mr. STEVENS. The charters for those
coal companies were long ago granted in Penn-
sylvania, and they did not undertake to abolish
them, although there was a very strong protest
against them, and no such charters have since
been granted.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman said all these
corporations were abolished.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as they had an
opportunity to do it; these old charters were
irrepealable laws.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I find in
looking at this bill "that said company is
authorized and empowered to rent, purchase,
and hold such real estate as may be necessary
to carry into effect the objects of their organ-
ization, and to build thereon all necessary
docks, .wharves, ships, roads, and buildings for
their own use and accommodation; to rent,
purchase, and hold coal mines for the par-
pose of mining the same; to build, purchase,
own, and rent boats propelled by steam or
otherwise, to carry freight and passengers,''
&c. Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Wei.ker] how this affects the coal
trade beyond the limits of the United Stat&s;
whether there is any limit to the power of this
company in regard to mining, building, and
general transportation by ships and steamboats
within as well as outside the limits of the States ?
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the gentleman
I will say that so far as the bill is concerned
there is no limitation ; but I apprehend a cor-
porate company in the District of Columbia
would not possess any advantages upon the
broad seas over any other individuals engaged
in that branch of trade.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then it
is free to extend itself over the whole United
States.
Mr. WELKER. I do not know whether
this company intend to extend their business ;
I am riot advised as to that.
Mr. HOOPER, -of Massachusetts. They
have the power to do it under thi^ bill.
Mr. WELKER. I suppose they cati titty
vessels, go across the ocean,, and do that class.
of business; but they can do tliat I suppose
without an act of incorporation? if they bare
money enough to buy vessels.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This is
an act to authorize almost any kind of busi-
ness and confines it to no locality except that
the company itself is here in Washington.
Mr. WELKER. This corporation is like all
others that have been created by Congress to
transact business in the District of Columbia.
There has bfeen no special limitation as to the
place where they may do business, and this is
as general as other bills that have heretofore
been reported by this committed and adopted
by Congress. We do not of course undertake
to limit the right of the company to trade
wherever they can otherwise than by requir-
ing them to ©bey the laws of the States in which
they may transact business.
Sir. F. THOMAS. I came in bat a moment
ago. I understand the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welkbr] to say that it was intended this
corporation should operate in the district I
have the honor to represent. I feel warranted
therefore in making this inquiry. I would be
glad to know whether these corporators are to
be responsible in their individual capacity for
the contracts of the corporation.
Mr. WELKER. In answer to that I will
state that the bill itself provides that the stock-
holders shall be individually liable to theamount
of their stock, and the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] has moved an amendment, which
is now pending, to make them liable for double
the amount of their stock.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I would simply make
the remark in this connection that no section
of the country has suffered more seriously than
the county of Alleghany, in Maryland,from cor-
porations created by the State of M'aryland for
thebenefit of non-residents of thatState. These
charters unfortunately did not make the parties
obtaining them responsible for the contracts
of the corporations, and the amount out of
which the population of Alleghany county has
been plundered by such corporations has been
enormous. One charter after another was
granted to gentlemen, from the northern sec-
tion of the Union. They have come into Alle-
ghany county and-engaged in large operations
and become indebted to the landed proprietors
and also to the laboring classos of that county.
Those companies have become utterly insol-
vent, and when their affairs came to be wound
up a few old spades and pick-axes and worn-
out horses were all that could be found to pay
thousands of dollars of indebtedness. Now,
I hope Congress will not thus interpose be-
tween the people of Maryland and these specu-
lators and afford a further opportunity for
plunder.
Maryland has upon her statute-book a law
adequate to accomplish any purpose like this.
Any number of individuals may go into Al-
leghany county and purchase coal mines and
place on the county records evidence of title,
and they are then entitled under the law to
become a corporation for all puposes of mining,
and they are amenable to the laws of Maryland.
The extent of their resources is perfectly com-
prehended, and everybody who deals with them
knows how far they can be trusted or not trusted.
Put under a charter like this speculators may
go into the State of Maryland and reenaet scenes
the memory of which makes the heart of every
man who loves his fellow-man sicken with sor-
row and regret at the plunder and robbery com-
mitted. 1 hope, sir, if this bill is to pass, that
these incorporators will be msderesponsible in
their individual capacity for every dollar they
may beeome indebted for in their operations.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that there is a provision
in the bill which requires the company to trans-
act their business according to the laws of the
State in which they may transact it.
Mr. F- THOMAS. Oh, yes.
