1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
as ft day's work in all cases where laborers,
mechanics, and artisans may be employed by
or under the authority of the Government of
the United States;
A bill (H. It. No. 1187) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge for the destruction of the rebel
pirate vessel Alabama;
A resolution of the Senate of January 11,
1867, directing the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to inquire into the expediency of tempo-
rarily closing the navy-yard at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia;
A resolution of the Senate of February 5,
1867, directing the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to inquire if any ship has been sent to sea
lately from Charlestown navy-yard with un-
sound timbers in her hull;
A petition of surgeons' stewards, paymas-
ters' stewards, and yeomen, who have served
in the United States Navy during the rebellion,
praying for compensation commensurate with
the service rendered;
A resolution of the Legislature of Illinois in
favor of an appropriation for the completion
of the navy-yard at Mound City, in that State;
A memorial of Commander B. M. Dove,
remonstrating against the action of the advi-
sory board, who, he alleges, have passed him
by, while promoting others who have not
seen so much service, and praying to be re-
stored to his proper rank in the Navy;
A memorial of citizens of Virginia employed
in the Norfolk navy-yard remonstrating against
the closing of said yard;
Two memorials of colored citizens of Vir-
ginia employed in the navy-yard at Norfolk,
Virginia, remonstrating against the closing of
•aid navy-yard;
A memorial of citizens of Virginia, remon-
strating against closing the navy-yard at Nor-
folk, Virginia;
A memorial of workingmen employed in the
navy-yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, against the
closing of the navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) relating to
James J. Wheeler and the appointment of
cadets in the Naval and Military Academies,
and accompanying papers.
Mr. POMEROx, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 865) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the city of
Stockton to the town of Copperopolis, in the
State of California, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom were referred the following
bill, joint resolution, and memorials, asked to
be discharged from their farther consideration ;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 409) to provide for the publi-
cation of papers relating to foreign affairs;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 47) to provide
for the publication of the medical and surgical
history of the war of the rebellion;
A memorial of the Geographical and Statis-
tical Society, praying for an appropriation for
the publication of the medical and surgical
history of the rebellion;
A memorial of the American Medical Asso-
ciation, praying for an appropriation for the
publication of the medical and surgical history
of the late war as prepared in the office of the
Surgeon General of the United States ; and
The memorial of Joseph C. G. Kennedy,
late superintendent of the Census Bureau, re-
monstrating against the erasure of his name
and the suppression of the preface prepared
by him for the volume of the Eighth Census
on Manufactures.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 576) relating to appeals and writs
of error to the Supreme Court, have directed
me to report it back with a recommendation
that the Senate agree to the amendment, and
I ask that it be considered now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent, there being another sub-
ject properly before the Senate.
Mr. CRESWELL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill before the Senate will be
proceeded with.
revenue-cutter service.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 899) in relation to the rev-
enue-cutter service.
Mr. GRIMES. There is another section
of that bill which I have not heard the Sena-
tor from Maryland explain, the first section
in the bill, which appropriates the sum of
$670,000 for every half year from the last day
of December, 1866, until the 1st of June,
1868, which amounts to some two and a quar-
ter million dollars. I suppose the Senator
can explain that.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
accounts of disbursing officers.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 173) to facilitate the settlement
of the accounts of disbursing officers, to report
it back with a recommendation that the Senate
agree to the amendment, and I ask to have it
acted on now.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House, which was to add as an additional sec-
tion the following:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the fourth section of an act to regulate the foes, costs,
and other judicial expenses of the Government in
the States, Territories,and Districtof Columbia, and
for other purposes, approved August 16,1856, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to costs arising under
and since the data of the approval of an aot to regu-
late the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circnit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes, approved
February 26,1853.
The amendment was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had dis-
agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1867, asked for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Thad-
deus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. John A.
Kasson of Iowa, and Mr. John F. Farns-
worth of Illinois, managers at the same on
its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
deficiency bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1227) making ap-
propriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Seetlved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House, and
agree to the conference asked by the House of Rep-
resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon. , , ....
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
S nat be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. FkHORHit, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Stewart.
accounts of disbursing officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate adopted a short time
ago, on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 173) to facilitate the settle-
j ment of the accounts of disbursing officers.
' It is a proposition to allow an appeal from the
accounting officers to the Secretary of the
Interior with a view to get additional allow-
j ances. I do not think we ought to legislate in
that direction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me make a state-
! ment. I have referred to the law and I think
there is no trouble about it. It is an act to
amend the act regulating the fees, costs, and
other judicial expenses of the Government of
the United States, approved August 16, 1856.
The first section is:
That hereafter, before the accounts of the United
States marshals, district attorneys, and clerks are
presented to the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department for settlement, they shall bo examined
ana certified to by the district judge of the United
States.
It goes on and provides for their examina-
tion. The fourth section provides that in all
the cases before mentioned an appeal shall lie
from the decision of the accounting officers to
the Secretary of the Iuterior. An appeal lies,
that is the law now, in every ease since 1856.
Now, the effect of the proposition that is on the
table isthat the provisions of this act., applying
to district attorneys, marshals, and clerks, are
extended to the act of February 26,1853. The
fee bills were altered in 1856, it seems, some-
what for these officers. I see no objection to it.
If appeals are allowed from the settlement of
the accounts to the Secretary of the Interior,
as it seems they are under the general law, I
do not know why they should not be allowed
in all cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. A few years ago there
was a great deal of controversy about the dis-
position of the judiciary fund, which was a large
fund, about a million dollars, and is more than
that now. The allowances that are made to the
district attorneys and marshals are first ap-
proved by the judge and sent to the accounting
officers. This authorizes an appeal from the
accounting officers to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, so that it virtually allows the Secretary of
the Interior to make these allowances. It
seems to me to be bad policy. The accounting
officers of the Treasury are the persons who
have to guard the Treasury, and the only pro-
tection the Treasury has in the disbursement of
this enormous fund is the rules established by
the accounting officers; but under this provis-
ion every case can be appealed to the Secretary
of the Interior, so that he may increase the
allowances made by the judge and by the
accounting officers. I do not think we ought
to legislate in that direction.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator why he
does not reconsider the amendment and then
discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rote has been recon-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pohe-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the re-
consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had bettet
disagree to the amendment and send the bill
back to the House and let them recede from
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I am perfectly willing to
do that. I do not know anything about that
last provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can probably pass the
bill quickeT in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " I do not know myself
why it should be reconsidered. The proposi-
tion is plain enough. The Senator from Ohio
has not looked into it, and has never consid-
ered it in committee. I have looked at the
statutes to which it refers. It is a simple prop-
osition. Anybody can understand it in one
minute.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is done for the purpose
of opening up some old charges.
