1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
the rebels there, and now this enfranchises
them. Pass this bill as it came from the Sen-
ate and you bring down ruin and destruction
upon loyal Tennessee. After we have dis-
franchised rebels in Tennessee you come in
now and enfranchise the rebels in ten unrecon-
structed States. You inflict a lasting injury
upon us. This Congress told us to enfranchise
none but loyal men. That was whatthis Con-
gress told us last summer. They said," Wecan-
not recognize your State governments without
that is done, for otherwise we have no guar-
antee the governments will be kept in the
hands of loyal men." Now, the proposition
is brought forward to put these governments
in the hands of disloyal men. Let me say
rather than pass this bill, recognize, in the
name of God, their present State governments,
as this would not be more than mere paper,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts has said.
It is a;i act of despotism upon the Union
men.
Do not, I implore you, legislate in that way.
I appeal to gentlemen of this Congress. Are
you determined that loyal men shall control
these States, or are you in favor of giving the
power into the hands of disloyal men V If
you are in favor of loyal men, then 1 ask you
to legislate like men, and not to pass a law in
ambiguous words and phrases that no one can
understand.
Mr. Speaker, T do not wish to deprive my
own race of voting, but I do propose to vest
the organization of the government in the
hands of true loyal men, though, as the late
lamented President Lincoln said, there be
only five thousand in the State. I propose
that they shall control the State governments
whether they be white or black. Place the
government in the hands of loyal men alone,
let them organize it, and when they have done
so if they choose to admit the other class to
vote it is then their privilege to enfranchise
them, and we are not responsible.
Mr. Speaker, pass this bill and it is the final
stroke, the death-blow to the Union men and
the men of color in the South. They will have
no protection, their rights will not be recog-
nized. I hope the Union party of this House
will not inflict this punishment upon their
friends in the South. Give them a chance to
protect themselves, and leave it to them to say
when the disloyal people shall be allowed to
participate in their State governments.
The amendment of the Senate will read very
well if you strike out the word " people" and
insert "loyal men," having it read "that all
shall be entitled to vote except those who were
engaged in the rebellion." I entreat gentle-
men to make the language plain ; to say what
they mean by loyalty, and what constitutes
disloyalty. Make it plain and use no ambigu-
ous words."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I will oc-
cupy but a short time. This House a few days
ago sent to the Senate a bill to protect loyal
men in the southern States. That bill pro-
posed but a single object, the protection of the
loyal men of the South from the anarchy a,nd
oppression that exist and the murders which
are every day perpetrated upon loyal men,
without distinction of color. It did not at-
tempt the difficult question of reconstructing
these States by establishing civil governments
over them. The House thought it wise to
leave that question until a Congress which is
to come in could have a long time to consider
the whole question. The bill which we passed
had not in it one single phritse or word which
looked to anything but a police regulation for
the beuefit of these States.
Now, what has the Senate done? It has
sent back to us an amendment which contains
everything else but protection. It has sent us
back a bill which raises the whole question in
dispute as to the best mode of reconstructing
these States, by distant and future pledges
wnieh this Congress has no authority to make
and no power to execute. What power has
this Congress to say to a future Congress, when
the southern States have done .certain things,
you shall admit them and receive their mem-
bers into this House?
Sir, it is idle to suppose that we are not
assuming^ what is impudent in us, and what
.must be fruitless. What are we attempting to
do? The first grand amendment that strikes
the eye in this bill is that we take the manage-
ment ofthese States from the General of the
Army and put it into the hands of the Presi-
dent of the United States. No man doubts
the constitutional authority of Congress to
d'etail for particular service, or to authorize
others to'detail for particular service particu-
lar officers of the Army. But our friends who
love this bill love it now because the President
is to execute it, as he has executed every law
for the last two years, by the murder of Union
men, and by despising Congress and flinging
into our teeth all that we seek to have done.
That seems to be the sweetening ingredient in
this bill for many of our friends around us. I
do not of course believe anything about these
nightly meetings. I think the report on that
subject is all fabrication. But, sir, if there
were such things, this substitute that has come
from the Senate would be the natural offspring
of such an incubation.
What is the fifth section of this substitute?
Why is it incorporated here? It is that we
may pledge this Government in future to all
the traitors in rebeldom, so that hereafter there
shall be no escape from it, whatever may hap-
pen. While they are not before us, while this
Congress has nothing to do with them, we are
promising them, we are holding out to them a
pledge thatif they will do certain things therein
mentioned they shall come into this House and
act with us as loyal men. I know there is an
impatience to bring in these chivalrie gentle-
men lest they should not be here in time to
vote for the next President of the United States,
and therefore gentlemen postpone the regular
mode of bringing up that question, and put it
upon a police bill in order that it may be car-
ried through so as to give them an opportunity
to be here at the time they desire. Sir, while
I am in favor of allowing them to come in as
soon as they are fairly entitled, I do not pro-
fess to be very impatient to embrace them. 1
am not very anxious to see their votes cast
along with others to control the next election
of President and Vice President; therefore
it is that my impatience is not so great as that
of others.
Mr. Speaker, there was a time when some peo-
ple, and among them that good man who is now
no more, carried, as 1 thought, theideaof recon-
struction by loyal men rather to the extreme.
The doctrine was once hold that in these out-
lawed communities of robbers, traitors, and
murderers, so far as the real State was con-
cerned, it consisted of the loyal men of the
community and that the others counted for
nothing. I do not say that I hold this doc-
trine, not being myself an extreme man,
[laughter;] but it was held by gentlemen all
around me, and it was held by the late Presi-
dent of the United States. But now the doe-
trine seems to be that the State is composed
of disloyal men and traitors. We ignore wholly
the loyal element in all the States, and we
are hurrying to introduce these" disloyal men
among us.
Mr. Speaker, why is it that we are so anx-
ious to proclaim universal amnesty? Is there
danger that somebody will be punished? Is
there any fear that this nation will wake from
its lethargy and insist upon punishing by fine,
by imprisonment, by confiscation, and possi-
bly by personal punishment, some of those
who have murdered our brothers, our fathers,
and our children? Is there any danger that
such a spirit will be raised in this nation, a
spirit which sleeps only here, and which no
other nation ever before allowed to slumber ?
If there is such danger, if some punishment is
dreaded by these men, does not this proposi-
tion protect them? The President has already,
as far as he is able, pardoned these rebels, and
restored to them their property which wo con-
fiscated by the act of 1862, and he has done it
in defiance of law.
Last Saturday a gentleman came to me from
Alexandria with one of the judges there,
and told me that a gentleman had obtained
some $17,000 worth of property under a sale
by the United States of rebel property, butthe
rebel owner had come with the pardon of the
President and the order for the restoration of
the property in liis hand; an ejectment suit had
been brought and beyond all question a recov-
ery would be had. Sir, as far as I can ascer-
tain more than ยง2,000,000,000 of property be-
longing to the United States, confiscated not
as rebel but as enemy's property, has been
given back to enrich traitors. Our friends
whose houses have been laid in ashes, whose
farms have been, robbed, whose cattle have been
taken from them, are to suffer poverty and
persecution, while Wade Hampton and his
black horse cavalry are to revel in theirwealth,
and traitors along the Mississippi valley arc to
enjoy their manors. Sir, God helping me and
I live, there shall bo a question propounded to
this House and to this nation whether a por-
tion of the debt shall not bo paid by the con-
fiscated property of tho rebels. But, sir, this
prevents it all. This is helping the President
to take from the people that which belongs to
them and giving it to confederate traitors.
Now, sir, I have only a word or two more
to say. If there is au order of a committee of
conference, in two hours a bill can be framed
and reported to this House free from all these
difficulties, free from all this extraneous mat-
ter, which shall protect every loyal man in the
southern States and do no injustice to those
who are disloyal. But, sir, pass this bill and
you open the flood-gates of misery; you dis-
grace in my judgment the Congress of the
United States. 1 do hope some effort will be
made to protect without endangering them.
I will only add that I will not call the pre-
vious question now. 1 think it proper that
the subject should be discussed, but at four
o'clock I shall call the previous question.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 desire the Chair to limit
me to ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to an hour.
Mr. BLAINE. I understand that I am enti-
tled to au hour, but I propose to yield the floor
to other gentlemen at the end of ten minutes.
And in these ten minutes I shall direct myself
to calling file attention of the House to the
precise purport, objcct, and scope of the fifth
section of the proposed substitute of the Sen-
ate, and to ascertain whether it Is open to theJ
objection which.the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevjsxs] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botjtwell] have alleged
against it.
In tho first place it demands of the people
of the rebel States that they shall form a con-
stitution of State government conforming in
all respects to the Constitution of the United
States. Next, that after that constitution is
formed it shall be submitted for ratification to
all the male citizcns of the State, without any
regard to race, color, or previous condition of
servitude ; no one is to be excluded from voting
unless the convention which frames the consti-
tution shall do as Tennessee did, disfranchise
some of the citizens for treason and rebellion.
Just the same authority, and just the same
mode of exercising that authority, is conferred
upon these ten States that Tennessee possessed
and exercised. And I reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] by saying that
Congress no more guaranties under this bill
tho right of any rebel in any State to vote than
did Congress guaranty to the rebel in Tennes-
see the right to vote.
Then after the State constitution shall have
been framed by the convention, submitted to
the people, anil adopted by votes of all the
male citizen?:, except such as may _ be dis-
franch ised by reason of participation in rebel-
lion, it must be submitted to Congress for
examination and approval And being brought
here for examination and approval, 1 submit
