1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what it
is for, but it is very certain that if one dis-
trict attorney haa a right to have his accounts
settled in this way every other district attorney
should have the same right. The general law
is that all the district attorneys and all the
clerks of courts and all the marshals of the
United States have a particular way of settling
their accounts with the exception of one or
two. All ought to be embraced in the law,
and not make exceptional cases. Here is the
general law—there cannot be any mistake about
it—passed in 1856. It applies to the settlement
of all accounts of marshals, district attorneys,
and clerks of the United States, in the fourth
section. I will read the whole of it. It is
only two and a half lines :
" That in all cases before mentioned an appeal shall
He from the decision of the accounting officers to the
Secretary of the Interior."
That is a general law passed ton years ago.
Now, then, what is the object of this House
amendment? The object is that the provision
of that section which applies to all these cases,
passed ten years ago, shall apply to marshals,
district attorneys, and clerks under the law
that was passed in 1853 as well as under the
law passed in 1856. The law of 1853 is the
general fee bill fixing the fees under which
they settle accounts.
The general fee bill was passed in 1853 pre-
scribing all the fees. Then comes the law of
1856. I will read the first section:
" That hereafter, before tho accounts of United
States marshals, district attorneys, and clerks are
presented, thd accounting officers of the Treasury"—
Before they are presented certain things must
be done. Then the fourth section provides
that an appeal shall lie to the Secretary of the
Interior. Ought they not all to go there? If
the law of 1856 is correct there cannot be any
objection to this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the law of 1856
is wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you propose to repeal
it that is another thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. This proposition seemsto
me to be correct. The explanation made by
the chairman of the Judiciary committee, from
the examination I have given those laws, ap-
pears to me to justify the passage of the amend-
ment, indeed to require it, that justice may be
done to all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no doubt that
this is right enough. Certainly the Senator
from Illinois cannot be mistaken about it; but,
at the same time, I must confess I do not
understand it yet with all the explanation. The
probability is that it will open up some old
accounts, to be adjusted by the Secretary of
the Interior without having them subjected to
the inspection of the accounting officers, or
rather it will give him the final determination
of them after the examination by the accounting
officers.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is done under the
net of 1856.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difficulty is that
it may open up some old accounts, and I do not
know to what extent it may affect the Treasury,
and therefore I think under the circumstances
we had better not act before the next session,
when we shall have time to examine this legis-
lation and act advisedly. 1 think that would be
better.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate will recon-
sider its action, the bill can go to a committee
of conference, and there gentlemen can be
entirely satisfied, and then report as they see
fit. I hope the question will be taken.
Mr.^ SHERMAN. I think it better to recon-
sider it. Let it stand on its own footing. The
military portion of the bill ought to pass, and
it can be passed in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, in order to pass
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
move that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment made by the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
appeals to the supreme court.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the Senate to consider
the amendment of the House to the bill in
relation to appeals and writs of error, which
was reported by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] a short time ago. It will take
but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
576) relating to appeals and writs of error to
the Supreme Court, which was to add as an
additional section the following:
And be it further unacted. That where an appeal
has been or may be taken from any final judgment,
dccrec, or order of the district court of tho United
States for any district to tho circuit court, tho causo
appealed, by consent of parties, may bo heard and
disposed of by the circuit court held by the district
judge at any time after tho appeal,in tho case of the
absence at such term of the Chiof Justice of the
United States, or the associate justice allotted to tho
circuit in which such district is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know nothing of that
except hearing it read. I do not understand
it. Does it provide that the district judge shall
sit?
Mr. HARRIS. By consent of the parties.
I will state how I understand the section to be.
An appeal is brought from the district to the
circuit court. There is no circuit judge pres-
ent. The parties may agree that the appeal
be heard before the district judge holding the
circuit court, with a view to get the case into
the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Depending upon the agree-
ment of the parties?
Mr. HARRIS. By consent of the parties
only.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was concurred in.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom were re-
ferred various resolutions, memorials, and
petitions not heretofore reported upon, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion, and that they be severally laid on the
table; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the following bills, petitions, and memorials,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they lie on the table; which
was agreea to:
A bill (S. No. 148) to prevent the perversion
of the mails to fraudulent and illegal purposes;
A bill (S. No. 551) for the construction of a
Government telegraph from Washington to
New York city;
A bill (S. No. 579) to amend the post office
laws; i,
A resolution of the Senate of December 21,
1865, instructing the committee to inquire into
the expediency of abolishing the franking privi-
lege now allowed to members of Congress
except upon written communications;
The petition of the National Bank-Note Com-
pany of New York, asking that the Postmaster
General may be authorized to settle their ac-
counts with the Post Office Department upon
an equitable and just basis;
A memorial of paper and envelope manu-
facturers and dealers and stationers, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill (S. No.
70) to amend the postal laws ;
A memorial of paper and envelope manu-
facturers remonstrating against the bill (S. No.
70) to amend the postal laws; and
A memorial of the North American Lloyd
Steamship Company, praying that a subsidy
of $30,000 per annum for this and the next
four years be granted for carrying the mail
from New York to Southampton and Bremen
and back twice per month each way, and that
additional compensation be allowed them
when the service shall be increased weekly.
He also, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Norman Wiard, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
stockton and copperopolis railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
865.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 865) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the city of Stockton to the town of Cop-
peropolis, in the State of California.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It seems to me to be rather
late in the session to take up a bill granting
lands for a railroad. I am very much opposed
to legislative business at this time of the ses-
sion. I therefore move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator to
allow me one moment. This is a bill that
passed the Senate at the last session of Con-
gress after its consideration by the Committee
on Public Lands; and as it was read at the
last session there is really no necessity for its
being read again. As soon as the Senate
know the description of the road and the ter-
ming they know all the provisions of the bill,
for it contains the usual provisions; and I
move that the Senate proceed, without the read-
ing of the bill in full.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island. Does the Senator withdraw
his motion ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done. I appeal to the Senator to withdraw
the motion. All the other bills that we have
passed of this class in the Senate have been
defeated in the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say to the
Senate, if the Senator from California will
allow me, that California seems to have very
great trouble in her land bills in the House,
because of a strife on the part of the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, Mr. Ju-
lian, with some California men.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that it is not in order
to refer to the action of members of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I state this now as a
reason why we should consider this one bill.
This is about the only bill that has been allowed
to pass there for California. It is a matter of
fact known to us all. I am authorized in re-
ferring to that because of the character of a
speech that was made by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands of the House at
the last session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
before the Senate will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the read-
ing of the bill at length, after the reading of
the description of the road, be dispensed with.
Mr. SHERMAN. No bill has ever passed
the Senate, to my knowledge, that has not
been read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill has once
passed the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been read in the
Senate ?
air. HENDRICKS. A similar bill was read
at great length at the last session. It has never
been read at this session.
Mr. CONNESS. It is word for word the
bill that we passed at the last session.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Let us have it read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
grant the right of wav through the public lands
to the Stockton ani Copperopolia Railroad
Company, a corporation organized onder the
