1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ally relied upon for payment, has been ex-
hausted.
In considering the propriety of paying this
claim two questions presented themselves to
the minds of the committee:
1. The accuracy and fairness of the account
on which the claim is founded.
2. The duty of the United States to pay it in
case its accuracy and fairness shall be estab-
lished.
The first question rests principally on the
testimony of Hon. B. B. French, Commissioner
of Public Buildings, who states in a letter to
Hon. E. C. Incersoia, chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, that—
' "I have gone with great care over the items of
charge made by the mayor of Washington against
the United States, &c. I have done this with dia-
grams of the eity of "Washington and the mayor's
vouchers before me. I find that every improvement
specified as front'ng on a public square or reservation
is so situated; the distances are correct where stated,
and where not stated I have measured them, and give
them to the committee, with the prices charged, which
in my opinion are very reasonable, indeed in many
instances exceedingly low."
This letter is accompanied by a detailed re-
port, giving each item of the account with the
Commissioner's examination thereof and the
voucher for the same furnished by the mayor,
all of which have been before the committee
and are on file with the memorial.
The committee examined the mayor and
Commissioner of Public Buildings orally. In
this examination the documentary evidence was
confirmed, excepting as to the item for the sum
of $2,500, dated September 14, 1860, for in-
closing Judiciary square, underact of Congress
approved March 3, 1857.
Thecommittee ascertained that the iron fence
inclosing Judiciary square on three sides was
furnished by the United States. It was an old
fence removed from the Capitol grounds, and
its value, in the opinion of the committee, is
equal to the equitable proportion chargeable
to the United States for inclosing Judiciary
square.
The committee state that they were not
familiar with the history of congressional legis-
lation in regard to the District of Columbia;
but so far as they were able to inform them-
selves the account on which the memorialist
rests her claim, except as before specified, is
accurate.
3. Is it the duty of the United States to pay
the claim?
By an act of Congress approved May 5, A.
D. 1864, provision is made for paying the just
proportion of the United States for all improve-
ments to the streets, avenues, &c., in the city
of Washington. This act seems to recognize
the equitable liability of the United States to
pay such proportion of these improvements for
the health, convenience, and comfort of the
inhabitants of the city as the property of the
United States shall bear to the property of
individual owners. Under this law no similar
difficulty will hereafter be likely to arise.
The act of May 15, 1820, recognized the same
principle; but having provided a specific fund
to meet the liability of the United States, and
this fund having been exhausted, it becomes
necessary for the city to have assistance by
legislation before she can be repaid what she
has expended for the benefit of the property
of the united States.
Thecommittee also remark that Hon. James
Harlan, Secretary of the Department of the
Interior, in his last annual report, admits the
validity of this claim and recommends its pay-
ment.
The committee further remark that it must
be remembered that the account on which this
claim rests was made under the act of 1820,
after the fund arising from the sale of city lots
had been exhausted, and prior to May 15,
1864, when the present law was approved,
which provides for all similar claims arising
after its passage. The act of 1864 is entitled
"An act to amend the act of May 15, 1820."
• Under these circumstances, and in view of
the general liberality of the United States in
aiding improvements in the city of Washington,
the committee concluded to recommend the pay-
menfc of the claim of the memorialist, without
interest, after deducting the item of $5,439 27
for.improving Judiciary square, and for inclos-
ing public reservations. ' '
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That before any money shall be paid
under this act, th e eity of W ashington shall file with
the Treasurer of the United States a receipt to the
effect that the city has received the amount to be
paid by virtue of this act in full of all claims against
the Government for grading, paving, and construct-
ing sewers in the streets of said city*
I will state my reason for offering this amend-
ment. • The claim which this bill proposes to
pay is the same claim which the corporation of
Washington presented before the Committee of
Ways and Means; and that committee a short
time ago reported an appropriation of many
thousands of dollars to liquidate this very
claim. If this claim is to be presented by the
city before different committees of this body,
I think it prudent that, when the claim is paid,
the Government shall have some voucher to
show its liquidation. If we do not take this
precaution I have very great doubts whether
the payment of this money will either settle
the claim or even reduce it. We may have
the same claim, swelled to a much larger
amount, presented to some future Congress.
I trust that the amendment I have offered will
meet the approval of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I see
no objection to the amendment provided it be
somewhat modified. The gentleman will un-
derstand that these items come down to May
23, 1865, and it was stated before the com-
mittee the items here presented and examined
covered all the claims of the city against the
Government up to that date. I do not think
the gentleman, who is a member of the com-
mittee, would like to make his amendment
so broad as to cover items which were not
examined. Whether there has been anything
done since that period I do not know; bnt
this covers all of the items examined by that
committee, which were said to embrace all
the items of the city against the Government.
And I think the House will see the impropriety
of adopting the amendment as now presented,
bringing it down to the present time, when
there is not an item in the bill coming down
later than the 23d of May, 1865.
Let me say in reference to the report of the
committee this: These items have all been
presented to the House by the Committee for
the District of Columbia. The Committee on
Appropriations also made appropriations to
pay these same items. Now, the only differ-
ence in the report of the Committee of Claims
is, that in examining the items we have cut
down the claim about six thousand dollars.
The items that the Committee of Claims struck
out are not all enumerated in the report.
We struck out the item of $2,500 expended
in placing an iron fence around Judiciary
square. The committee were unanimously of
the opinion that the Government furnishing
the fence, the city ought to be enough inter-
ested in that square to set it up. We thought
that item of $2,500 charged for setting up that
fence ought not to be charged against the Gov-
ernment, and we therefore struck it out.
We also struck out the item for the improve-
ment of the reservation at I street and Massa-
chusetts avenue. We also struck out $929 for
another avenue, and $1,129 for the improve-
ment of another avenue. The committee took
the ground, so far as these reservations and
avenues were concerned, the land belonging to
the Government; if the city saw fit to improve
them, then the property-holders living round
the improvements should pay for them. We
did not think we ought to allow this corpora-
tion to take these avenues and reservations
and to plant trees all over them, and to make
all sorts of improvements, and then come here
and make us pay for them. So in all these
ciises we have stricken out the items for these
improvements.
We have, however, followed the law which
Congress has passed, that in making the im-
provement of streets the Government should
pay its proportion according to die property it
owns bordering on these streets and avenues.
We have also allowed the money expended in
repairing the Long Bridge, which «he Govern-
ment was bound to repair.
I agree with my colleague, the amendment
should be adopted only up to the date, of
May 23, 1865, to which the bill goes. It was
stated before the committee this embraced all
the items and charges which the corporation
had against the Government down to that date.
With that modification I will agree to the
amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. The truth is, as I understand,
that the city has no legal claim for reimburse-
ment of this money. It incurred this expendi-
ture without authority of law, and I jm op?
posed to recognizing it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman is wholly mistaken. That was the
case until Congress passed a law that we should
pay for the improvements according to the
property we owned on these different avenues
and reservations. These expenses to that ex-
tent, then, were made under the law binding us
to pay according to the property we own. . We
left no charge in the bill not according to law.
Some of these expenditures were made at the
request of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds. There is so much for
sweeping Pennsylvania avenue. It belonged
to the Government to do that; but the Gov-
ernment not having the force necessary te do
it at the time needed asked the city to Jo it.
The money was expended in that way. So
far as the principal items were concerned, they
were all according to a law passed subsequent
to the time to which the gentleman refers; and
after the money was expended they came before
Congress, and a law was passed providing that
the Government should pay its proportion of
these claims according to the amount of prop-
erty it owned bordering on these avenues and
streets. This is founded simply on that law.
Mr. SLOAN. Was this work done before
1864?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Most
of it and I think all of it was done since 1864.
Mr. SLOAN. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts is mistaken; I think the prin-
cipal portion of the work for which this claim
was put in was done before 1864, and some of
it many years before; so that I am not mis-
taken in saying that by the law as it stood when
this work was performed the city should only
be reimbursed by the Government to the ex-
tent of the fund derived from the sale of these
lots. It had no right to expect it; it had no
claim on the General Government beyond that.
The law of 1864 is prospective in its operation,
and perhaps binds the Government to pay its
ratable proportion of the work thereafter. But
we are proposing to pay this money upon a
prior claim which has no legal foundation.
As I was about to remark, I am opposed to
recognizing the practice on the part of the city
or of individuals of going on and expending
any amount of money in the expectation that
Congress will subsequently legalize their acts
and reimburse the amount they have ex-
pended. It is time, I think, that we laid down
a rule that we will not pay such claims unless
there is a law of Congress authorizing the work
to be done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me a word?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In my opinion the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] is labor-
ing under a misapprehension as to the facts.
My recollection is that the original proprie-
tors of the city of Washington donated to the
Government of the United States about one
thousand lots, and by an act of Congress sub-
sequent to that time the proceeds arising from
the sale of the property were to be applied to
the liquidation of any claims the city might
have for improvements. Bat instead of apply-
