1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
with the medal, to Mr. Field, to be presented
to him in the name of the people of the United
States of America.
Mr. MORGAN. When this joint resolu-
tion was favorably reported from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations I did not anticipate
that there would be any serious objection to it,
and I still trust there will be no objection to
its passage in this or in the other branch of
. Congress.
The telegraphic cable lies concealed from
public view somewhere upon the bed of the
Atlantic ocean ; yet the fact of its existence,
of its perfect and complete success, and that it
is now inconstant daily and hourly use by the
people of this country and by the people of
all other countries is known throughout the
civilized world.
Every member of this body, as he reads his
morning newspaper, finds chronicled there the
most important events that have occurred on
the previous day all over the continent of Eu-
rope. The Government of the United States
have used it and used it with effect, not fre-
quently, because the appropriations annually
made by Congress for this purpose are not
large enough to admit of the frequent use of
the Atlantic telegraph. Nevertheless, it has
been used advantageously by the Government.
John H. Surratt was arrested upon informa-
ation conveyed through the Atlantic cable. By
means of it also negotiations were suspended
which were being conducted by a representa-
tive of this Government with a representative
of a foreign Power, that, if consummated,
wouid scarcely have met the approval of either
the Government or people of the United States.
So, too, when the Government of France
changed its purpose in relation to the period
for withdrawing the French troops from Mex-
ico the telegraphic cable was used to make
known to the French Emperor the dissatisfac-
tion it would occasion to the Government and
people of this country if the proposed change
should be made.
All these matters are well known to the Sen-
ate and to the country. I hope it is equally-
well known to the Senate and to the country
as it is to me that Cyrus W. Field, a citizen
of New York, has been the prime mover in
this enterprise from first to last.
I do not say that Mr. Field alone is entitled
to all the credit; but I wish to be understood
as expressing an opinion, which is largely
shared by the whole country, that but for Mr.
Field and Mr. C. M. Lampson, a merchant of
London, and who is also a native of the Uni-
ted States, the enterprise would have failed.
Mr. Lampson was exceedingly liberal in con-
tributing to the cable company from his own
private fortune a very large amount of funds.
But he rendered still greater service in influ-
encing others to subscribe to the object, which
he was enabled to do on account of his high
social and commercial standing. The Gov-
ernment of Great Britain has made Mr. Lamp-
son a baronet, which is regarded as a mark of
great distinction by the people of all monarch-
ical Governments; and it is now left to the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States to
take whatever measures they deem fit in recog-
nition of the much greater part which was
borne by one of their own citizens.
I will not trespass upon the Senate longer
than to read a brief extract from the remarks
made by the president of the Chamber of Com-
merce on the occasion of a recent banquet
given to Mr. Field. On that occasion Mr.
Low said:
" It was the office of Mr. Cyras W. Field to organ-
Izo and combinc alt the forc©s that were requisite to
oonduct this enterprise from its inception to the final
and glorious issue. To it he devoted twelve years of
his life, all his energy, and all his fortune. Forty
times he crossed the Atlantic ocenn for its sake; and
as captain, now Sir James Anderson, in a recerft
letter, says: 'He worked hard and sacrificed the
repose of his home and tins repose of every one else
Who could bear influence on his darling scheme.' I
venture to sny there is not an emotion known to the
human soul, whether of joy or sorrow, of pleasure or
pain, of disappointment following high-wrought ex-
pectation, of anxiety bordoring on despair, of hope
mounting to the religion of Bublimest faith, that
during these twelve last years has not entered into
the experience of our long-tried and well-proved
champion."
By the passage of the joint resolution Con-
gress will record its appreciation of the exer-
tions and sacrifices made by Mr. Field in con-
ducting to a successful result the greatest
enterprise of the age, and which a distin-
guished member of the British Parliament
has declared to be second only in importance
to the discovery of the art of printing. By it
also we mark the era of this great event, and
establish in the most enduring form the pater-
nity of the measure as belonging to a citizen
of the United States, and we give encourage-
ment and assurance to all of our enterprising
countrymen, virtually saying to them that if
they are faithful and endure to the end in
laboring for the highest achievements of sci-
ence and art, when successful, their toils, suf-
ferings, and sacrifices shall not pass unnoticed
and unrewarded.
Mr. SUMNER. I rejoice in every enter-
prise by which human industry is quickened
and distant places are brought near together.
In ancient days the builders of roads were
treated with exalted honor. I offer them my
homage now. The enterprise which is to com-
plete the railroad connection between the Pa-
cific and the Atlantic belongs to this class.
But I believe that it is not so peculiar and excep-
tional as that which has connected the two
continents by a telegraphic wire. It is not so
historic. It is not in itself so great an epoch.
It is difficult to exaggerate the difficulty or
the value of this new achievement which it is
now proposed to honor.
The enterprise was original in its beginning
and in every stage of its completion. It began
by a telegraph line connecting St. John's, the
most easterly port of America, with the main
continent. This was planned by a few gentle-
men at the house of CyruB W. Field, among
whom were Peter Cooper, Moses Taylor, Mar-
shall 0. Roberts, ana David Dudley Field.
New York and St. John's are twelve hundred
miles apart. When they were brought into
telegraphic association the first link was made
in the chain destined to bind the two conti-
nents together. Out of this American begin-
ning sprang those efforts which ended in the
oceanic cable.
In other respects our country led the way.
The first soundings across the Atlantic were
made by American officers in American ships.
The United States ship Dolphin first discovered
the telegraphic plateau as early as 1853, and the
United States ship Arctic sounded across from
Newfoundland to Ireland in 1850, a year before
her Majesty's ship Cyclops sailed the same
course.
It was not until 1856 that this American en-
terprise showed itself in England, where it was
carried by Mr. Field. Through his energies the
Atlantic Telegraphic Company was organized
in London, with a board of directors composed
of English bankers and merchants, among
whom was an American citizen, George Pea-
body. By conjoint exertions of the two coun-
tries the cable wa3 stretched from continent
to continent in 1858. Messages of good will
traversed it. The United States and England
seemed to be near together, while President
and Queen interchanged salutations. Then
suddenly the electric current ceased and the
cable became a lifeless line. The enterprise
itself hardly lived. But it was again quickened
into being, and finally carried to a successful
close. British capital contributed largely to
this result, and the society had for its president
an eminent Englishman, the Right Honorable
James Stuart Wortley; but our countryman,
Mr. Field, was the mainspring. His confi-
dence never ceased; his energies never flagged.
Twelve years of life and more than forty voy-
ages across the Atlantic were woven into this
work. It is not too much to say that he was
the Alpha and the Omega of a triumph which
has few parallels in history.
Englishmen who took an active part in this
enterprise have received recognition and honor
from the sovereign. Some have been knighted;
others have been advanced in service. Mean-
while Cyrus W. Field, who did so much, has
remained unnoticed by our Government. He
has been honored by the popular voice ; but it
j remains for Congress to embody this voice in a
national testimonial. If it be said that there
is no precedent for such a vote as that pro-
posed, then do I reply that his case is without
precedent, and it belongs to you to make a
precedent by this expression of national grati-
tude. Thanks are given for victories in war.
Give them now for a victory of peace.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
j. h. riley.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am directed by the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 270)
for the relief of J. H. Riley, to report it with-
out amendment and recommend its passage ;
and as it is a small matter, to pay for services
as a clerk of a committee in the other House,
I ask that it be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
i sider the bill, which provides that the sum of
| $200 be allowed and paid to J. H. liiley for
' services rendered by him as clerk to the House
Committee on the Pacific Railroad during the
first and second sessions of the present Con-
: giess.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
KBPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred the
following resolutions of the Legislatures of the
States of Indiana and Nevada and messages
of the President of the United States, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration
and that they lie on the table; which was
agreed to:
Resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana on
the subject of foreign interference in Mexico,
i and the rule of neutral and belligerent rights ;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Nevada in
favor of the so-called Monroe doctrine and
adverse to the establishment of any empire or
other Government by the aid of foreign inter-
vention on any portion of th"e American conti-
nent, and especially opposing the establish-
ment of the empire of Maximilian in Mexico
by French influence as an unfriendly act toward
the United States;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Nevada in
favor of the Monroe doctrine and against the
establishment of any empire on the American
continent by the.aid of foreign intervention:
A message from the President of the United
States informing the Senate that it is incon-
sistent with the public interest to communicate
information in regard to the condition of affairs
on the southern frontier, and especially in
regard to any violation of neutrality by the
Army on the Rio Grande; and
A message from the President, communicating
information on the subject of a decree of the
so-called Emperor of Mexico of the Sd of Octo-
ber, 1865.
supplies for Wallace's command.
Mr. POMEROY, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 2*26)
extending the provisions of section two of an
act entitled '"An act to extend the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims, and to provide for the
paymentof certain demands for quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies famished to the
Army of the United States," approved July 4,
1804, submitted the following report:
The committee of confercnce on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
of the House No. 2Jt5. extending the provisions cf
section two of the act entitled "An act to extend
the jurisdiction of tha Court of Claims, and to pro-
