1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and in subordination to the orders of the Cgtjp-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. The whole dif-
ference in that respect is this: that in the one
case it would require the positive order of the
President nullifying the order of General Grant
making a detail, while in this case it -will only
require the negative action of the President to
array himself against a law of Congress. But
in either case he would array himself against
the act of Congress and be equally culpable
and equally guilty.
Then there is no danger in that respect
under the bill as it comes from the Senate and
as it passed the House. The loyal people of
these southern States, white and black, are
appealing to us day by day for protection. The
cries of the slaughtered victims of rebel bar-
barUy are resounding in our ears dayafterday.
Tli * military commanders in those States tell
ns that there is no protection there for life or
property except we clothe the military with
power to protect. Now, shall we let this Con-
gress pass away without giving our friends and
the friends of ihe Government the protection
thoy need?
Now, in reference to the provisions of the
bill as it comes to us from the Senate in regard
to the formation of State constitutions, 1 can
find no just fault with it, because it leaves to
Congress, whether the Fortieth or the one suc-
ceeding, to which tho constitutions are pre-
sented for approval, the power to review every
vote and every act connccted with the conven-
tion that framed tho constitution, the constitu-
tion itself, the adoption of it, and the Senators
and Representatives elected under it. We can-
not bind that Congress by any act of ours ; this
bill does not seek to bind Congress. It ex-
pressly doclaros that the constitutions of tho
States shall first be reviewed and indorsed by
Congress before they shall go into operation.
This bill provides a platform ton steps in
advance of the platf'onn upon which we went
tn ihe people last, fall. We then only expected
the ratification of tho amendment to the Con-
stitution proposed by Congress at its last ses-
sion and the formation of constitutions repub-
lican in form, which should give the people
there the right to send loyal men here as Sen-
ators and Representatives? But by this bill
we extend impartial Suffrage to the black man,
universal suffrage; wo provide that the black
man shall take part in tho formation of the
conslitution. Now, what more can we re-
(inire ? What, difference does it, make whether
A, IS, or C participate in the making of t.lic
constitution provided the right kind of con-
stitution is made, one which secures equality
and justice to all?
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. JJLAIN13. 1 now yield ten minutes of
 i  time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCUI«(!K.]
Mr. SCHKNCK. I shall vote to concur
with the Senate in its amendment to the bill
nf'the House. 1 agree with the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that tho hill, as amended
by the Senate, does not contain all I would
have embraced in such a bill. It is not the
bill for reconstruction which I would myself
have approved if I could, uncontrolled by other
and conflicting opinions, have had the framing
of a bill for the purpose. But it is a bill upon
which we can agree, if we can agree upon any
bill whatever upon this subject during the re-
mainder of the present Congress. It is the
only bill which there is the slightest possibility
of our passing.
Believing, therefore, that every motion to
commit this bill, to amend it, to ask for a com-
mittee of conference ujjon it, together with all
other dilatory motions whatever, will have no
effect except to defeat this bill, whether so in-
tended or not, I shall oppose every such motion
and aid those who would have the House come
at once to a direct, vote upon the substitute
proposed by the Senate.
We are told that in a very short time—I think
the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] indicated two hours as the ne-
cessary limit of time for the purpose—we could
have a bill framed which would reconcile all
conflicting opinions. That is a most extraor-
dinary intimation to come from that quarter.
Do gentlemen remember, and does the coun-
try recollect, the history of reconstruction in
the present session pf Congress? On the 4th
day of December, the very day on which we
reassembled here, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, -[Mr. Stevens,'] who during the last
session of Congress was the chairman of the
Committee on Reconstruction on the part of
this House, arose in his place and offered a
concurrent resolution continuing that commit-
tee with the powers conferred upon it under
the resolution of last session. That looked,
like business. But whatwas done? Thatgen-
tleman permitted the committee, as we are
well informed, to remain without being called
together at all. Instead of calling it together,
on the 13th of December the gentleman on his
own motion introduced a measure, not from
the committee, known as the North Carolina
bill, looking to enabling these rebel States to
organize governments and come back into the
Union.
That bill, however, was not taken up for
action until near the middle of January, and
then after a debate which, continued at inter-
vals, lasted until the 28th of that month, it
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, which had never yet had a meeting nor
been called'together by the fentleman from
Pennsylvania. What arc we to infer from this ?
Why, that there were in this House those who
were determined that tho Eeconstruction Com-
mittee never should meet, who wore determined
that whatever might be done should be done
under other lead and outside of that commit-
tee. But the House took a different view of
the subjcct, and having raised, upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania him-
self, a committee, of which he was the honored
head, resolved that this question and all other
questions of this kind should go to' that com-
mittee. It was thus committed, not sent back,
as tho gentleman said the other day, to that
committee, for tho bill had never been before
the committee; it was not the bill of tho com-
mittee. How soon tho committee was called
together I am unable to say, but I suppose very
shortly afterward ; for we find that tho com-
mittee made.a report on the 6th of February,
this very month, of what has been called the
"military bill," which, with modifications, is
the bill now before us.
Thus, then, the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, raised and empowered to act on this sub-
ject specifically upon the first day of- the ses-
sion, the 4th day of December, was never
found presenting anything to the House for its
action until fully two months or more after-
ward, the Oth of the present month, when
there remained only some twenty-one working
days of tho session for all action upon this
subject. And now, having consumed nearly
the whole available portion of those twenty-
one days, acting as we are under the appre-
hension of a presidential veto, wo are at a stage
in the proceeding when whatever we do must,
in order to be effective, be done to-day or to-
morrow.
Now, sir, I am one of those who believe we
ought to do something. I believe we ought
to declare to these rebel States, as we do by
this bill, that they shall be put under martial
law and held by the strong hand to keep the
peace until they have complied with whatever
conditions aro imposed upon them. But while
we do this, I think it equally important to an-
nounce to them, to announce to the country,
to announce to o-ur constituents as the comple-
tion of the whole platform upon which we go
before the nation, the terms which we require
of them. Those terms have been sufficiently
explained and are well understood. I should
be glad to dwell upon them, but it is unneces-
sary to do so.
Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] says, however, that after all the impo-
sition of these terms rests only on the authority
of an act of Congress, and cannot be binding
upon any future Congress. Does the gentle-
man remember that at the last session he him-
self reported from the Reconstruction Com-
mittee a bill reciting the terms upon which,
on the adoption by these States of the consti-
tutional amendment, they would be permitted
to -come in ? Was that binding on future Con-
gresses? No more than this. BLere we go
further. We say th$t we will offer them no
such terms now. We have offered them those
terms and they have been rejected. Now, we
say that they shall adopt the constitutional
amendment; it shall become a part of the
Constitution; it shall be approved by their
people; their constitution shall be submitted
to Congress; they shall allow universal suf-
frage ; and after complying with these and all
the other conditions imposed by this bill they
are not yet to be admitted until Congress, look-
ing over tho whole ground, shall be satisfied
that, in spirit as well as in letter, they have
done everything that properly entitles them to
be restored to their representation in Congress.
Yet we are told that this is a plan devised
by the Johnson men. This bill now amended
by the Senate has been spoken of as a meas-
ure the passage of which would be disgraceful
to Congress. According to this view, the Sen-
ate, I presume, is already disgraced by having
yielded to the Pf-esident. But, sir, I want
gentlemen to understand that those who sup-
port this bill as it comes from the Senate are
not to be terrified by any 'Such denunciations
from acting according to their sense of duty.
Such denunciations and flings are unworthy to
be thrown out by any man standing on this
floor as a Republican against other Republi-
can s.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD: Mr. Speaker, this bill
starts out by laying its hands on the rebel gov-
ernments and taking the very breath of life out
of them. In the next place it puts the bayonet
ab-the breast of every rebel in the South. In the
next place, it leaves in the hands of Congress,
utterly and absolutely, the work of reconstruc-
tion. Gentlemen here, when they have the
power of a thunderbolt in their hands, are
afraid of themselves and propose to stagger
like idiots under the weight of a power they
know not how to use. If I were afraid of this
Congress, afraid of my shadow, afraid of my-
self, I would declaim against this bill, and I
would do it just as distinguished gentlemen
around me have done and do declaim against
it. They have spoken vehemently, they have
spoken sepulchrally against it, but they have
not done us the favor to quote a line or the
proof of a single word from the bill itself that
it does any one of the horrible tilings they tell
us of. They tell us it is universal amnesty,
and there is not a line in the bill that will
maintain the charge. They have told us it
puts the government into the hands of rebels.
1 deny it, unless you are a rebel and I am a
rebel. If wo are rebels, then it does put it into
the hands of rebels, but not otherwise.
Oh! but they tell us it surrenders to che
President because it tells him to detail officers
and men. Gentlemen, I want this Congress to
give its command to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and then perhaps some impeach-
ment hunters will have a chance to impeach
him. They will if he does, not obey. They
may anyhow, but at least they will have a
chance then to find new, plain, and definite
acts of impeachment, and we can go forward
with the work.
Mr. Speaker, there are some men who are
too far above me for my poor comprehension.
There are some gentlemen who live among the
eagles on the high mountain peaks, beyond the
limit of perpetual frost, and they see the linea-
ments in the face of freedom so much clearer
than I do whenever any measure comes here
that seems almost to grasp our purpose they
rise and tell us it is all poor ana mean and a
surrender of liberty. I remember this was
done to us at the last session when everybody
knew that if the Republican party lived any
I longer it must live by the strength of the con-
