1887.
th® mLom
m
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would suggest to the gentleman -from Ohio
[Mr, Delano] to say May 23,1865.
Mr. DELANO. The law-is dated May 5,
1864.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
last item of this bill is under date of May 28,
1885.
Mr. DELANO. Very well; I will modify
my amendment as the gentleman suggests. 1
will nowsimply state my reasons for.thisamend-
ment. Under the act of: May 15, 1820, the
Commissioner of Public Buildings was author-
ized to -pay, out of a certain' fund that was
expected to arise from the sale of city lots,
the Government proportion of the expense of
improving the streets, &c., of this city. The
exhaustion of that fund has rendered the Com-
missioner unable to pay what accrued under
that act up the date of the passage of the gen-
eral law of May 5, 1864, by which it was pro-
vided that in future, from May 16, 1864, the
proportion of these expenses properly charge-
able to the property of the Government should
be paid by the United States. This account
is for the Government's proportion of these
expenses arising previous to the passage of this
law and under the law of 1820; W.e have sifted
these charges with as -much care as we eould
bestow upon them, and we believe that we have
reduced them to as low an amount as they can
be reduced to hereafter. These expenses are
to be paid under the law of 1864; and it is
proper that the city should give the Govern-
ment a receipt in full for all expenses up to
1864.
This is all there is of the case. I hope the
Committee of the Whole will concur in the
action of the Committee of Claims, for I think
we shall never get the claim in a -more favor-
able shape for the Government.
The amendment of Mr. Delano to the amend-
ment of Mr. Sloan* was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. UPSON. I move further to amend the
bill by adding the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That section three pf an
act entitled "An act to amend an act to'incorporate
the inhabitants of the city of Washington, passed
May 15,1820," approved May 5,1864, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
must object that this is not a proper amend-
ment to this bill. We have spent considera-
ble time upon this bill, and I think it is now
in as good a shape as it is likely to be hereaf-
ter if we reject it at the present time. If the
House sees fit to reject the bill, let it be done
fairly. But let us not undertake to attach to
the bill an irrelevant provision for the repeal
of an existing law.
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts still holds the floor, I desire that he
may yield to me a few moments that I may
explain the purpose which my amendment is
designed to accomplish. Its object is to avoid
incurring the expenditure 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not yield to the gentleman. I submit the point
of order that the amendment is not pertinent
to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ch§,ir sustains the
point of order.
TOLLER AND FISHER.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
pay the clftim of Tuller & Fisher.
The joint resolution was read. The pream-
ble recites that the horses, coaches, stage
property, and means of transportation of
Messrs. Owen Tuller and Ulysses E. Fisher,
mail contractors on mail route No. 10648,
between Springfield and Rolla, in Missouri,
were impressed in the military service and
taken possession of and used by competent
military authority, by reason of which a large
amount of such property was captured by the
enemy and lost to the contractors.
The joint resolution proposes to authorize
and require the Secretary of the Treasury to
have the claim of Tuller & Fisher audited, and
to pay to them out of any money ia the Treas-*
ury not otherwise appropriated the amount that
shall be found due them for such losses, not
exceeding $12,500.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
The report was read.
  " " poses
ury to audit this claim. The only question
which the case presents is whether the Gov-
ernment will pay for property seized for its use
and-the use of its Army during the recent war.
It appears very clearly from the proof in this
case that the clai mants were contractors to carry
the .mail from Rolla to Springfield; that the
parties had determined to abandon the contraet,
to give it up in consequence of the interference
of armed rebels with their coaches and horses;
that in consequence of this determination on
the part of the contractors the military author-
ities interfered, compelled them to continue
the carrying of the mails, and refused to permit
them to remove their horses and coaches from
the route. The carrying of the mail was con-
tinued under the orders of the military author-
ity, these contractors being allowed no option
in the case. The simple question is, will Con-
gress authorize the auditing of this claim and
the payment of these parties for horses and
coaches thus taken from them? I hope this
resolution will be laid aside to be reported to
the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, when this
bill was up the other day, when we were last
in the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, I opposed its being consid-
ered at that time ; and I am to-day opposed to
•the passage of this bill.
It seems here are certain contractors of the
State of Indiana who make a claim against
this Government for horses and coaches lost in
carrying the mails of the United States in the
State of Missouri. I have no doubt of the
truth of the facts set forth in the report. It
may also be that in equity these parties are
entitled to relief from the Government; but
the objection I make is, that we should not
make this an exceptional case when every
mail contractor in Slissouri since 1861 has a
similar claim that the Government seized and
took possession of this property. There are
thousands of individuals who are in the same
condition, and yet they are not paid because
of the rule which was adopted by this House
on the report of the Committee of Claims. I
know of no difference between a mail-carrier
and any other person. The Government seized
the property of men who were loyal, of men
•who were fighting the battles of the country.
Their property in horses and other things was
captured by the enemy, yet, sir, not a dollar
can they get.
This case has no greater merit than those of
the railroads which the Government seized and
compelled to transport troops and munitions
of war. Thousands and millions of property
were seized belonging to these railroads. They
can get nothing from the Government.
As I have said, every mail-carrier in the
border States suffered irreparable losses, in-
deed were made bankrupt, by the action of our
Government. I therefore oppose this being
made an exceptional case. If we are going to
enter into these claims there should be some
general law passed. Some commission should
be appointed to investigate them and to report
to this Congress. While we are legislating for
one we should legislate for all. If we set a
precedent by the passage of this bill, we all
know there are thousands of like cases which
will come to the Committee of Claims. I am
opposed to the passage of one until we can
pass all. I know nothing in this case which
will take it out of the rule we have adopted in
other cases.
Then we may object to this on account of
the amount appropriated. This is au ex parte
hearing only of the claimants. The amount
might be reduced on investigation.
Mr. THORNTON. I call the gentleman's
attention to the resolution itself. It authorizes
the Secretary of-the Treasury to audit the claim
and to pay the amount found to be due onfall
investigation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do hot know that-re?
moves my objection. We know the Secretary
of the Treasury is not going out to hunt up
testimony. We know the claimants are the
only palrties who will be represented before
him. If we are going to legislate upon- these
matters let us do it by general law.
Mr. DRIGGS. I want to say, Mr. Speaker)
that I approve the remarks of the gentleman
from Missouri, not because I am opposed .to
the recognition of these elaims as a matter
of right, but beeause we discriminate- against
all similar claims, some of which have as much
if not more merit than the one aow before the
House. I need only remind gentlemen of the
case of Mr. Bingham, of Alabama, a loyal man
who suffered everything during lie war. He
furnished provisions for our forces as they
passed through Alabama. He presented a
small claim for $1,800, and yet the committee
reported against it. For a little while after
coming to Washington he held-a clerkship, bat
he has been removed because I suppose he ia
a radical. You refuse to pay him although he
is now destitute, while you propose.to pay these
claimants.
As the gentleman from Missouri says, if we
open the door we should establish the same
rule in reference to all of these parties. Then
the question comes up, are we able at the
present time to open the door to so many a3
will present themselves? I will be-as willing
as any gentleman upon the floor to recognize
and pay these claimants when we can do it;
but 1 do not think it right to discriminate ia
favor of these individuals when so many of
equal merit are cut off by our rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I agree
with the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Dbiogs] that there are cases of great hardship
that cannot be reached at present. The case
of Bingham comes under the resolution whieh
this House adopted, that parties in the insur-
gent States, until they are reconstructed, shall
wait for the adjustment of their claims. Their
claims may be just and right; but the House
has decided that being so unfortunate as to
reside in a -State in rebellion they must wait a
short time before they can be adjusted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman say
that the State of Missouri was in rebellion 1
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I am -not
speaking of any claims of my friend from Mis-
souri. I mentioned no claim in particular but
that of Mr. Bingham, of Alabama, which was
referred to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely state that
Missouri never was in rebellion, and there are
thousands of claims in that State unadjusted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. But, sir,
they have been and are being paid. A com-
mission has been appointed and sent out, and
they are getting their pay every day.
Now to the case in point. There are no
objections to this claim, I believe, on the ground
of justice. What then is the objection? The
only objection that my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] has made, as I understand, is
because a loyal citizen of Indiana brings it;
and as an offset against it he says that people
in Missouri have many claims that have not
been paid. Sir, if they are honest and just I
am for paying every dollar of them. And so
I say if this is an honest and just claim it
ought to be paid. You cannot dodge it by
saying you have not the money. We are never
too poor to do justice, and if we wish to sus-
tain ourselves and our reputation when we
admit the justice of a claim we should if pos-
sible pay it. 1 am not now speaking in regard
to southern claims, because from the neces-
sity of the case they must wait a little while.
But in regard to claims of loyal men in the
loyal States they ought to be paid without
delay.
I know something about this claim by per-
