1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
stitutioiial amendment, and when we agreed
to pass it the previous question was waived to
let gentlemen tell us it was too low, too mean,
too unworthy, too unstatesmanlike. I will
remind the House we did vote for it, and by
the help and fatuity of Andrew Johnson and
his party we carried the country upon it. And
now when we have that and more, gentlemen
are here to tell us it is all low and poor and
mean.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] said one thing which I
wish to call attention to. He complained the
Senate have forced upon us a question of re-
construction we did not want to touch. I fear
the gentleman does not want to touch the
question of reconstruction. I do, and I be-
lieve the American people want to touch
reconstruction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAKER here addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] four
minutes.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I cannot, of
course, in four minutes undertake to discuss a
question of this magnitude. The time, how-
ever, is long enough to enable me to indicate
the grounds npon which I shall vote for the
Senate amendment.
Sir, I see in this proposition what I believe
the deliberate judgment of the American peo-
ple will regard as ample guarantees for the
future loyalty and obedience of the South.
The people of the loyal States, in a voice dis-
tinct and clear as a clarion, uttered through the
ballot-box at the autumnal elections of last
year, declared that they were willing that res-
toration should proceed upon the basis of the
adoption of the constitutional amendment.
That amendment having been refused by the
South, Congress now proposes to enforce that
demand of the people and to add to the con-
ditions then proposed fresh terms as additional
guarantees for security, justice, and equality.
What are the proposed conditions'/ They
are: first, that the southern States shall adopt
a constitution in conformity with the Constitu-
tion of the United States; second, that that
constitution shall be ratified by a majority of
the people of the State, without distinction of
race, color, or condition; third, that such con-
stitution shall guaranty universal and impar-
tial sufl'rage; fourth, that such constitutions
shall be approved by Congress; fifth, that the
State shall adopt the constitutional amend-
ment; sixth, that the constitutional amend-
ment shall become a part of the Constitution
of the United States. All this is required to
be done before representation is accorded to
the States lately in rebellion, and then no rep-
resentative presenting himself for admission
can be received unless he' can take the test
oath.
These terms embrace, in my judgment, every
guarantee, every safeguard, and every check
which it is proper for us to demand or apply.
Upon these foundations we can safely build, for
by them we retain the final control of the ques-
tion in our own hands. What more is necessary ?
I know not unless it be indeed necessary, as
seems to be insisted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] that in order
to restore loyalty and obedience in the southern
States we must reduce the masses of the w hite
people in those States to a condition of slavery.
Sir, I opposed that doctrine by my vote on the
bill for the reorganization of the government
of Louisiana, and, God helping me, I will con-
tinue to oppose it to the end. 1 fearlessly sub-
mit my action upon that point to the review
of my constituents and to the calm and just
judgment of the people of the United States. ^
Mr. BLAINE. How much time have I left ?
The SPEAKER. One minute.
Mr. BLAINE. I will now call the previous
qUMr!°HOTCHKISS. The gentleman has only
one minute ; will he give it to me ?
Mr. BLAINE. Go on.
Mr. HOTCITKISS. I shall vote against
seconding the previous question.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not yield any of nay
time for that.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman has
yielded.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not yield.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I appeal to every mem-
ber if he did not yield. [Laughter.] Well,
I shall vote against him. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
ts lay the bill on the table, and on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] will not call the pre-
vious question until we have a chance to say a
word on this side. Every word that has been
said so far has been on the other side of the
House.
Mr. BLAINE. After seconding the previous
question the gentleman can have a chance.
[Cries of 11 Order."]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on laying the sub-
stitute on the table; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 40, nays 119, not voting 31; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancoria, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Ohanlcr, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridgc, Finek,
Glossbrcnner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hise, Ilogan, Edwm N. Hubbell, Humphrey, La-
tham, Lo Blonde Leftwich, Marshall, McCullough,
Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel 0. Kan-
dct.lL, Rittor, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Andrew H. Ward, Winfield, and Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnel), James M. Ashley, Baker,. Baldwin. Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee. Bromwell,
Broomall, Bucklaiid, Bnndy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney CUuko, Cubb, Cook, Cullora, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dofrccs, Delano, Deming, Dodge. Donnelly.
Ecctlos'ton, Eliot, I'arnsworth, Earcmhar, Perry, Gar-
field, Grinncll, Giiswold, Abner 0. Harding, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Hi^by, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard. James R. Hubbell, Iiulburd, Ingersol),
Julian, Kasson, Kolloy, Kelso, Ketchatu, ICoonts,
Lailiri, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Mars ton, Marvin, Maynanl, Mc-
Indoe, McKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris, Moulto-n, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Pnine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Plants. Pomeroy, Price, Alex-
ander H. llice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens,
Stokes, Thayer, Francis. Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson. Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wclker, AVhalev, Williams,
James P. Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Conkling,
Culver, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont.Eokley.ITale, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Deiuas Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckes,
Jones, Kerr, Kuykendall, Lvnch, McCJure, Morrill,
Myers, Radford, William H. Randall, Raymond,
Rows, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell. Strouse, Trimble.
Elihu B. Washburnc, Henry D. Washburn, and
W entworth—31.
So the substitute was not laid on the table.
The question recurrcd on seconding the pre-
vious question; and being put, there were—
ayes 77, noes 51.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Blaise and Elduidge.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes 64.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND. On ordering the main
question I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays GO, not voting
27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin. Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Bucldand,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke. Cook, Cullom, Darling,
rcrry, uarneiu, urtiuauii, un&nuiw, n«n,
Henderson, Higby, Hill. Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
baid, Demns Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James lw
Hubbell, Hulburd.Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kasson, Kclley,
Kel-io, Keteiiam.Kooutz, Kuykendall, Lafim, George
V Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan. Longyear,
Marston. Marvin, Maynard, Melndoe. McKeo, Me-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham,
plants, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John
H Rice Rollins, Schehek, Seoticld, bhellabargcr,
Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas,John L. Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Bart
\ an Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley,
James 1. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and Wooa-
bridee—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Banks, Baxter, Bergen,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Campbell,
Chunler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cooper, Dawson, Den-
ison, Donnelly, Eldi-idge, Pinek, Glossbrenner, ftood-
year, Aaron Harding. Harris. Hawkins-Hise, Hogaii,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Mc-
Cullouarh, Nibiaoi, Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Phelps,
Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, Iloss, Rousseau,
Sawyer, SUauklin, Sitsreaves,Sloan, Taber,Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton,Trowbridge,
Andrew II. Ward, Wentworth, Williams, Windom,
Winflold, and Wright—60,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Dolos R, Ashley, Barker,
Bidwell,Blow, Conkling,Culver, Dixon, Driggs, Eclt-
ley. Hale, Abner C. Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hunter, Jenckes, Jones, Lynch, McClurg, Morrill,
Radford, William II. Randall, Raymond, Rogers,
Starr, Strouse, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Henry D. Washburn—27.
So the main question was ordered.
MESSAGE yilOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 912) entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868," with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 570) entitled "An
act relating to appeals and writs of error to the
Supreme Court," in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined" and
found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 605) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled "An act further
to prevent smuggling, and forother purposes,"
approved J uly 18, I860;
An act (S, No. 347) to change certain col-
lection districts in Maryland and Virginia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to permit the
owner of the yacht Mayflower to change the
name of the same to that of Silvie, and to
issue an American register to the steam yacht
Glance.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendments of the House to
bills and joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 005) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled "An aetfurtherto
prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1860;
An act (S. No. 347) to change certain col-
lection districts in Maryland and Virginia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to permit the
owners of the yacht Mayflower to change the
name of the same to that of Silvie.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (H. II. No. 1099) entitled
' 'An act providing for the election of a Congres-
sional Printer," with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House is requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 173)
to facilitate the settling of accounts of disburs-
ing officers, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
government of insurrectionary states.
The SPEAKER. The main question hav-
ing been ordered, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevuxs,] who reported the origi-
nal bill, is entitled to the floor to close debate.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. It is now ten minutes after four, and
in twenty minutes the recess will take place.
There are gentlemen on this side of the House
who desire to speak, and they would like as a
matter of course to have a few moments tor
the purpose of arranging matters, &c.- —
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that I do not
