1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
yide for tho payment of certain demands for quar-
termaster's* stores dud,sab?isstcnce supplies furnished
to the Anns* ol the I'nited Slates," approved July
4,1S64, mot, alter lull and fiee conference
have agreed toreeouiuiend to their respective Houses
as iubow.s nameij :
liiat tlie House agroe to the first amendment of
tho Senate, wan an amendment, which is to strike
out tijo words of the said ameudroent and insert in
heu thereoi these words: " and wnose authority shall
be proven to tiic safu-ttu^ion of the accounting oth-
cer;" and that tlic Seuate agree to the same.
Tuat the Senate recede irom its second, amend-
ment. S. C. POMEROY,
1IIA HARRIS,
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
Managern on the part of tke Senate,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
RALPH HILL,
A. J. KtfYKENDALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is tie second amend-
ment?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a mere verbal amend-
ment, substituting "persons" for "officers."
The report was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted upon its amendment to
the joint resolution (S. li. No. 17U) to facili-
tate the settlement of the accounts of disburs-
ing ollicers, disagreed to by the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
John L. Dawson of Pennsylvania, Mr. J. F.
Wilson' of Iowa, and Mr. William B. Alli-
sos of Iowa, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. 11.
No. 176) relative to the post office and sub-
Treasury of the city of Boston.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1161) to amend existing
laws relating-to internal revenue ;
A bill (H. li. No. 1184) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the liscal year ending June 30,
1868; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 303) to ena-
ble the Secretary of War to carry oat an agree-
ment in relation to water-power for the arsenal
at Rock Island.
compensation op tennessee senators.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
in relation to the compensation of the Senators
from Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Ruolv.il, That the Secretary of tho Senate be di-
rected to pay to tho Senators from the State of Ten-
nessee the compensation allowed by law, to be com-
puted from the commencement of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What committee has con-
sidered that?
Mr. HARRIS. I will state that this resolu-
tion is in conformity with a resolution that has
been adopted by the House of Representatives
in relation to the Representatives from that
State. These Senators have been in attend-
ance during the whole of this Congress. The
State of Tennessee elected Senators, and it
seems to me that these gentlemen are entitled
to compensation as much as the members of
the House of Representatives. The House have
paid their members long since according to the
principle of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words "the com-
mencement of the Thirty-Ninth Congress" and
inserting "the date of the resolution of Con-
gress recognizing Tennessee as entitled to rep-
resentation."
If the resolution shall be adopted in its pres-
ent form it will be a precedent for all the other
States. I prelum* there can be no question
about that; and I wish Senators to consider
whether they are ready now to embark in that
direction and with such a precedent. I think
it is not advisable. If my amendment is adopted
the allowance will be precisely according to
the fact.
Mr. CONNESS. It is impossible that this
resolution can be taken as a precedent if
adopted in the form in which it is reported,
because I think in the resolution of Congress
admitting Tennessee to representation it was
specially declared that Tennessee was an ex-
ceptional case, and the reasons were stated in
the preamble. No argument can be deduced
from it. I have not the preamble near me
now; but I think it will be found that that sets
the matter entirely right.
Mr. LANE. 1 shall vote to pay this com-
pensation from the time of the election of these
Senators. The fact that we admitted them to
seats at all is a recognition direct that we re-
garded their election as legal. If legal, the
legality commenced at the time of the elec-
tion, and their claim for compensation must
necessarily commence at the same time.
Mr. POMEROY. There was a little ex-
perience on this subject that was somewhat
interesting to me, not personally, but to my
State. The State of Kansas was here asking
admission into the Union under the constitu-
tion with which she was admitted for a whole
session. On the 26th of February, about six
days before the adjournment, Kansas was
admitted into the Union. A member of the
House, Mr. Conway, had been here the whole
session prosecuting our claim for admission.
After the State was admitted he applied for.
compensation for that session, not for the
whole Congress, but for the session that he
was actually in attendance; and the House
refused it to Mr. Conway. The Senators were
not elected until after admission of the State.
Mr. Conway then presented his case to the
Committee of Claims of the House, and the
Committee of Claims reported against it; and
although he was duly elected, and prosecuted
the claim for the admission of Kansas during
the whole session, he was only able to draw
his per diem pay for the time that he was actu-
ally a member, which, during that Congress,
amounted to about a week. That having been
the action of the House, I do not know whether
there are any different rules in the Senate; but
it occurs to me that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is in harmony with
the precedents that have been set.
Mr. HO WE. I desire to remind the Senator
from Kansas, of the difference, wliich, in my
judgment, is very manifest, between the prece-
dent which he states and the case before the
Senate. When the Representative was elected
from Kansas there was no law on the statute-
book which authorized Kansas to send a Rep-
resentative to Congress, and before the Repre-
sentative from Kansas could claim any right to
a seat or any pay as the Representative of a
State there must be some law entitling Kansas
to the prerogatives of a State ?
Mr. POMEROY. How was it with Ten-
nessee?
Mr. HOWE. I will remind my friend of
what I understand to have been the case with
regard to Tennessee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Wis-
consin will allow me, I will read for the infor-
mation of my friend from Kansas the joint res-
olution which restored Tennessee to her lost
relations .with the Union:
" Whereas in the year 1861 the irovernment of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken pos-
session of by persons in hostility to the united States,
and the inhabitants of said State, in pursuance of an
act of Congress, were declared to be in a state of insur-
rection against the United States; and whereas said
State government can only be restored to its former
political relations in the Union by the consent of the
law-making power of the United States: and whereas
the people of said State did, on the 22d day of Feb-
ruary, 1865"—
Which it will be noticed was prior to the com-
mencement of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
" by a large popular roto adopt and ratify a conati-
tnHofe of government whereby glavtry was abAUihoa,
and all ordinances and laws of secession and debts
contracted under the same were declared void; and
whereas a tetate government has been organized
under said constitution which has ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States aboU
ishing slavery, also the amendment proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and has dune other acts pro-
claiming and denoting loyalty: Therefore,
Be it resolved, tt'e., That the State of Tennessee is
hereby restored to its former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union, and is again entitled to bo repre-
sented by Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress."
I think that ought to settle the case.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have no doubt that settles
the case in the judgment of a great many Sen-
ators. It does not exactly settle the case in
my own judgment, because in my own judgment
it is settled by other considerations.
The Senator from Kansas asked me how it
was with Tennessee. I was about to state to
him that when these Senators were elected
from Tennessee there was on the statute-book
of the United States a law authorizing the State
of Tennessee to send representatives, or admit-
ting Tennessee into the Union and entitling
her, as a State of the Union, to a representa-
tion in the two Houses of Congress. The right
which was conferred upon Tennessee by that
statute never had been taken from Tennessee
by statute. When these Senators were elected
certain facts had transpired, certain events had
happened, which, in my judgment, authorized
the Congress of the United States to withdraw
that right from Tennessee; but nothing had
transpired which, in my judgment, authorized
any other tribunal in the world to withdraw
the right from Tennessee. The Executive, I
think, could not do it; Tennessee could not
; abjure it in point of law; but upon the happen-
ing of certain facts I thought Congress could
withdraw the right, and repeatedly during the
time from 1861 to 1865 I urged, and I think
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris, ] as well as many other Senators, urged,
that Congress should take action in that direc-
tion. I know I urged it, that that right should
be withdrawn. It was not; and, as I said before,
no other tribunal could withdraw it. So when
these Senators were elected Tennessee had no
notice that she was to be deprived, or that that
, right was to be denied her; and in pursuance
of the old statute she chose these Senators.
They came here; they waited for the adjudi-
cation of the Senate upon her right to repre-
sentation, and the Senate waited for an adjudi-
cation of Congress, as the Senate was bound
' to wait; for I think the Senate should not alone
deny that right to Tennessee. The Senate
should follow the direction of Congress and
not dicfate to Congress. The Senate waited
! for the decision of Congress upon that point,
J and finally the decision of Congress was made
' in the resolution which has just been read in
i the hearing of the Senate by the Senator from
Vermont.
In this view of the case our action in ref-
erence to the Senators from Tennessee, it
seems to me, can form no precedent whatever
to guide us in reference to Senators who may
hereafter come from others of those commu-
nities, because since then we have taken action,
not the Senate alone, not the House alone,
but the law-making power of the United
States, has taken action in reference to all
those communities, and has declared that they
are not entitled to this right of representation
nor to any of the other prerogatives which
belong to an American State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not exactly know
to what conclusion the Senator arrives upon
his argument; but I infer that be is of the
opinion that these Senators are entitled to pay
from the beginning of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. , ,
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, if they were elected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are two consider-
atiousthat occur to my mind bearing upon that
question: one is, as to whether or not these
men performed the services for which you pro-
pose to pay them—they did not perform those
services, and therefore they are not entitled
to pay upon that ground; the other, as to
whether or not Tennessee wu entitled to rep-
