558
TMl OONGrRESSIOiSrAL GLOBE.
January 18,
sonal experience. 0ur troops 'were in Arkan-
sas and southwestern Missouri.. Our mails
were stopped and regulations had to be made
by which the military trains carried them, and
had -it not been for the mail' contractors our
mails would have been left behind. It may be
thought that it would amount to a very little,
Mt 1 tell yon it amounted to a great deal with
as there. Owing to the. dangers that sur-
rounded them, seeing that they were to be
interrupted, the'contractors said, "We cannot
carry out our contract: we must take our stock
out of the -reach of the guerrillas and of the
enemy." - But the military authorities said,
" No, you must go and perforin .tljp work,
nolens volens: we will put an escort over the
mail: trains." They went on rand the mail
■trains were captured. And now when they
come here with their claim we are told by
some gentlemen that they should not be paid.
•Iisay it is a just claim, and should be paid
without delay.
Mr. HILL. This bill is reported from the
Committee of Claims, whose duty it is to inves-
tigate ail claims referred to them, and it is but
justice to that committee to presume that they
have fairly investigated it. When they report
favorably upon a claim I am disposed to con-
sider their report fairly and candidly.
Now, in regard to the character of this par-
ticular claim, I understand it is for damages
sustained by reason of the loss of stock. The
Government with a high hand takes possession
of horses and conveyances and uses them for
its own purposes. Now, is it to be held that
the Government is a grand pirate that lays its
hand upon anything it wants, and the owner is
to stand by without resistance and without re-
dress, and that we, the only body that can afford
redress, while admitting the justice of the clai m
in point of law and of every principle of right,
cannot give relief? Why, sir, a Government
of that character is not worth preserving. If a
Government cannot afford to pay for property
that it appropriates to its own use, and for its
preservation in time of peril, it is time it should
cease to exist, and be superseded by another
that can do justice. Instead of being a pro-
tection to the citizen it is the citizen's most
severe oppressor.
Now, sir, why is it that property so taken
should not be paid for ? I see no reason in
the world. The Government is paying thou-
sands and millions of dollars under contract
for property where it purchased such property
as this. If this principle which has been sug-
gested is to be acted on, and property is not to
be paid for under such circumstances as these,
why does not the Government turn itself into
a grand horse-stealing enterprise, and when
claimants come before this House tell them
- that their claims are just enough, but that it
would bankrupt the Government to pay them ?
As my colleague says, this Government is
certainly able to do right. If we have not the
money to pay just claims, let them at least be
audited, and let the claimant know that at some
time he will receive his compensation, instead
of telling him that we sustain Government
officers in the exercise of a little temporary
authority in taking property whenever and
wherever they please, for which no compensa-
tion shall be paid to him. I insist that to
refuse the payment of claims of this character
would be worse than a bankruptcy of the Gov-
ernment, for it would bring the Government
into contempt in the minds of all honest men.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I understand this
matter the Committee of Claims is acting
upon the theory that the people of the States
which were declared to be in rebellion became
public enemies, and that consequently under
the laws of war all property captured within
their territory became the property of the
captor, without compensation to the owner.
So far as the matter now in question is con-
cerned, it is claimed that Mr. Bingham, who
was a loyal citizen of Alabama, and who may
have been ever so true and loyal a citizen, was
in the eye of the law a '1 public enemy,'' and his
property liable to capture. But, as I understand
it, the case does not fall under that rule. The
State of Missouri was never declared in rebel-
lion. It was in the eye of the law as loyal a
State as Indiana or Illinois, and these citizens
of Indiana took a contract to carry the mails
within the limits of -that State. They found
after awhile that danger threatened; rebel
guerrillas surrounded them; and they notified
the Government that they wished to withdraw
their property to a place of safety. They were
denied that privilege by an officer of the Uni-
ted States, and their property was seized by
Government officers, and the property used in
carrying the mails upon the route for which
they had the contract. These loyal citizens are
now denied pay for property thus taken for the
use of the Government.
Now, gentlemen tell us that if we recognize
such claims as this it will bankrupt the Gov-
ernment and that there are other claims await-
ing the action of Congress upon this which
will be passed if this be allowed. Sir, will it
bankrupt the Government to pay its honest
debts? If I am a citizen of such a Govern-
ment, I want to be a citizen of it no longer.
If the Government cannot pay its debts now,
let it give its note. It can do that much.
If the report of the committee is true, these
men are entitled to this money, or to as much
of it as may be found due. The bill involves
the principle of the Government paying its
debts. It does not involve the principle of
paying for property taken by the enemy, or
from the enemy, but only the principle of pay-
ing citizens of the United States for property
taken from them by the Government for the
use of the Government. The Government has
no more right to refuse the payment of this
claim—and I base my remarks on the report—
than it would have to refuse payment for horses
furnished under contract for a regiment raised
in the State of Illinois.
Sir, I hold that this Government cannot
afford to cover itself with dishonor by refus-
ing to pay to its loyal citizens the value of that
property which the Government deemed it
necessary to deprive them of in the prosecu-
tion of the great work of putting down the
rebellion.
These remarks I do not extend to the case
of citizens who unfortunately resided within
the enemy's territory, within the eleven States
declared to be in rebellion. But I place a
loyal citizen of Missouri upon the same foot-
ing with a loyal citizen of Illinois, and I
imagine if these citizens of the United States
who are pressing this claim were residents
of the Galena district, which my colleague
[Mr. Washburne] has the honor to represent
here, you would hear him for once advocate
the payment of a just debt. Now, I am not in
favor of straining our ideas of equity in order
to embrace all those who may unfortunately
have resided within the enemy's territory dur-
ing the rebellion. But I would manifest the
high generosity of the Government toward that
spirit of loyalty that was awakened by the ap-
peal of the nation to its children to come up
and defend it; to all the loyal citizens of all
the loyal States. But you cannot do that by
denying to pay them their just claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say but a few words upon this subject about
which my colleague [Mr. Ixgersoll] seems to
have worked himself into quite a passion. I
do not know why he considered it necessary to
refer to me, and to say that if this claim had
been made by citizens of the Galena district I
would be found supporting it here. I can only
say that there has been no claim presented here
by citizens of the Galena district that I have
supported since my colleague has been here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I made the remark by
way of compliment to my colleague, for I never
knew him to fail to advocate any claim that
came from the Galena district, and very prop-
erly, I have no doubt.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I have advocated any particular
claim from the Galena district, or from any
other district either. But I have heard con-
siderable said by my colleague [Mr. In<jer-
soia] and by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Wasiiborn] in regard to the duty of this Gov-
ernment. Why say that if this Government
shall not do so and so, shall not pay this, that,
or the other claim that .is presented, the Gov-
ernment will be dishonored and disgraced}
that this claim is honest and just, and if the
Government does not come forward and plank
down the money, or give its note for sixty or
ninety days, it* would be no just Government at
all ? Now, I take issue with those gentlemen
in regard to what is the character of this Gov-
ernment. I think it is the most just, the most
honest, the most liberal, and the most benefi-
cent Government on the face of the earth. I
think our legislation here is characterized by
more liberality than that of any other Govern-
ment in the world. I think more claims get
through our Congress here, upon less evidence
and with less real justice, than are allowed by
any other legislative body.
Now, one word in regard to this claim. I
think we should act in regard to it as Repre-
sentatives who are sent here by our constitu-
ents to guard their interests; we should en-
deavor to ascertain whether or not we can pass
this claim in justice to them ; whether or not,
should we pass it, we would not be reversing
all the principles upon which we have hereto-
fore acted since the rebellion broke out.
Now, what is this claim? It appears, so far
as I could gather from hearing the report read,
that there were some gentlemen—very honest
and patriotic and loyal gentlemen, I have no
doubt, for they were from Indiana. And In-
diana has been heard upon that question ;
nobody will doubt her loyalty since she has
sent back here such Representatives as she
sends here. These gentlemen contracted to
carry the mails in the State of Missouri. It
seems that their route lay through the enemy's
country, and they did not want to carry the
mails while the bushwhackers were about. I
do not blame them much for that; for I con-
fess that I would not have desired to be there
then. It was insisted, however, that they
should perform their contract; and the mili-
tary authorities there, in order to protect them,
sent an escort with them to guard the mails.
But the escort was not sufficient for that pur-
pose, as I understand my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Washburn.]
And what next? The property of these per-
fectly loyal gentlemen from the State of Indi-
ana was captured by the public enemy. And
now they come here and ask us to do, what?
Why, sir, to pay them for property captured
by the public enemy. Sir, as I understand it,
that is what we have in every case refused to do.
If we pass this bill and adopt this principle,
we depart from the well-established rule of in-
ternational law. No Government on the face
of the earth has ever undertaken to pay for
damages arising from the casualties of war.
No Government could meet the expenditures
which would be incurred in that way.
This whole question has been discussed in
Congress a great many times—I will not say
by abler men than there are here now—but it
was discussed fifty years ago by the ablest men
in Congress at that time, when persons came
forward claiming compensation for damages
incurred during the war of 1812.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I desire to call his atten-
tion to a portion of the report in this ease,
which seems to have escaped his attention.'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
hear it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The report
states:
"At this period, and at least as early as the 1st of
March, 1863, Colonel S. N. Boyd, then a militnry of-
ficer in the volunteer service of the United States, and
since a member of this House from Missouri, in con-
junction with other citizens, applied to the command-
ing officer of that military department and obtained
an order taking possession of their horses, wagons,
stages, harness, forage; of all their meansoftransport-
ation and stores used in the mail service on saidrouto,
and app>ied the same to military use and purposes of
the Government."
