1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
resentation in Congress before they took their
seats—if Tennessee was not entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress prior to that time I
do not know how it can be argued that these
Senators are entitled to pay prior to that time.
Is it true that the Senators from Nebraska, for
instance, who are to be admitted to day, if
you please, are entitled to pay for the whole
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress? If they are,
then of course it will follow that the Senators
from Tennessee are entitled to pay for the
entire Congress. But what is the reason that
the Senators from Nebraska are not entitled
to pay for the whole Congress? Is it not be-
cause Nebraska was not entitled to represent-
ation upon this floor until she was duly ad-
mitted according to law, and therefore the Sen-
ators are not entitled to pay? If that be true
of Nebraska, it is equally true of Tennessee,
for Tennessee, was not entitled to representa-
tion in the Senate until by a law of Congress
that right was determined, and then and there
the right commenced of these persons to take
their pay as well in the case of Tennessee as
in the case of Nebraska, and not otherwise, as
it seems to me. I think that the suggestion
made by the Senator from Massachusetts has
force, that this will be a precedent. To say
that there are some recitals in the preamble to
the resolution admitting Tennessee amounts to
nothing so far as the legal question is con-
cerned, because the rights of these men and
the rights of other men do not depend upon
what the preamble may say as to the admission
of a certain State. It is upon these grounds
that it seems to me this pay ought not to
extend beyond the time that Tennessee was
recognized as entitled to representation.
Mr. HOWE. Addressing myself right to the
two questions which the Senator from Oregon
has started, I have to say this: that I do not
think the right of these gentlemen to pay de-
pends upon the question whether they have in
fact rendered the service of Senators. If they
were elected, if the State had the right to elect
Senators, and did elect, and they were here
ready to perform the duty of Senators, and we
would not permit them to perform that duty,
then I think they were entitled to pay, irre-
spective of the question whether they had in
fact rendered the service or not.
The second question started by the Senator
is whether Tennessee had the right to elect
Senators.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The right of representa-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. The right of representation.
Unquestionably that is a legitimate'inquiry,
and is a condition-precedent to their being
paid. How shall we determine the question of
their right? I take it, it is to be determined in
reference to Tennessee as it is to be determined
in every other community within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States—determined not by
the Constitution, for the Constitution does not
say who are or who are not entitled to repre-
sentation ; it says States generally ; we are to
look at the statutes of the United States, and
not of any State nor of any local community,
to determine who is entitled to choose repre-
sentatives. Looking at the statutes as they
stood when these Senators were elected, there
was one which authorized Tennessee to choose
Senators and to choose Representatives. I
said in the case of Arkansas, and repeat now
in the case of Tennessee, that that statute
- never had been repealed; that statute never
could be repealed either by the President or
by the Senate or by the House, nor bv any
tribunal save the Congress of the United
States or the law-making power of the United
States, and that tribunal had not repealed it.
Facts, I repeat, had transpired which author-
ized, in my judgment, its repeal, which made
it the duty of Congress to repeal it; but they
did not do it; and while that statute stood
these Senators were elected. They came here.
The judgment of Congress upon those facts
had not been pronounced, and the Senate
withheld its adjudication upon their right to
seats until Congress could adjudicate the right
of Tennessee to send Senators here. Finally
that adjudication came, and when it came it
was not a judgment denying the right of Ten-
nessee to representation, but a judgment con-
ceding the right of representation, and then
they were admitted to th*>ir seats, and then
they began to discharge the duty of Senators.
They had been prepared to discharge that duty
from the beginning. We have now, as I repeat
once more, determined the right as to all the
rest of those communities by a legislative act,
and this question cannot arise hereafter in any
other case.
Mr. POMEROY. In a brief word I wish to
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin. He said
the case I cited was not parallel. I think there
is not such a wide distinction between the two
cases as he claims. We were entitled to rep-
resentation under a law of Congress not less
distinctive than was the State of Tennessee ;
because after having been rejected once in our
application here without an enabling act we
did come by an enabling act and by an act of
Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to my friend right
there that I simply misunderstood the facts.
Of course as he states the facts now, I consider
the case of Kansas as parallel to the case be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I do not choose to
pursue the argument.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody is disposed at
this time of night to listen to anything, unless
it may be Scripture probably; but I wish to
suggest to Senators on both sides of the ques-
tion that this is not a strict question of law.
We are not sitting here as a court or jury to
determine according to the law of the land how
much these persons are entitled to out of the
Treasury; but we are sitting here in our legis-
lative capacity to determine how much money
it is fit and right, according to the usages and
practices of the Government, to pay them.
That is the question. We can make them a
gift, if we please, or do any other thing in that
respect which shall seem to us to be just.
Now, then, the State of Tennessee on the
22d of February, 1865, adopted a constitution
which was thoroughly republican, or as thor-
oughly republican as that of most of the north-
ern States, to state it a little more accurately;
because I believe it did not grant universal
suffrage as it ought to have done. Tennessee,
we all know now, was then, and has ever since
been, so far as its government is concerned,
thoroughly loyal to the Constitution, thoroughly
loyal to the country, thoroughly opposed to
violence and disturbance of every description,
as much so as the State of Vermont or the State
of Massachusetts or the State of Wisconsin.
I do not say that she did not have within her
borders men who had been hostile to the Gov-
ernment and who were so still; but the gov-
ernment, the Legislature, the Governor, their
members of Congress and their Senators were
men who, as a whole—because we will not
individualize exceptions—were just as true to
the Government as any of us were; and I am
free to say that the people of tne State of Ver-
mont, who are generally not over anxious about
admitting these recusant States into represent-
ation, were anxious and impatient and dissatis-
fied during all the time that elapsed after Ten-
nessee took her stand upon the side this joint
resolution recites that she did, and truly, that
her representatives were not admitted. They
could not see the reason why they should not
have been admitted. In my own Qpinion, it
was wise that they should not be; but I am
only now speaking of the sentiment of the coun-
try and the sentiment of the North. These
Senators were elected. In the fulfillment of
their functions, in doing their duty to their
State, they came here and sought admittance.
Finally we accorded it to them. Now, without
going into a question of mere law to ascertain
whether in point of strict law they are techni-
cally entitled to this compensation back to this
time or not, I say that it seems to me it is fit
and right that they should be paid ; and it docs
not appear to me, upon the recitals of this joint
resolution, upon the difference that exists be-
tween the case of Tennessee and that of these
other southern States, in respect to whom we
do not desire to make a precedent, there is any
danger at all in doing them this justice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed to the resolution by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution was adopted.
deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. li. No. 1227) making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, submitted the following report:
The committee of conferencc on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 1227) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year ending
Juno 30.1867, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend. anddorecommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That tho House of Representatives reced# from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate, numbered one, three, four, five, six, seven, nine,
eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, sixteen, nineteen,
twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered two, eight, ten, fourteen, seventeen, and
eighteen.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the twentieth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line three of said amendment
strikeout the words "for the present fiscal year;"
and after the word "clerks" in line four insert the
following words: " to take effect from and after the
1st day of January, 1867."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same, with amendments as follows: in line
eight of said amendment, after the word "eastern,"
insert "and western:" and in same line strike out
tho word " distriot" where it first occurs and insert
"districts."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
J. W. GRIMES.
W. M. STEWART.
Jfanager* on the part of the Senate,
THADDEUS STEVENS.
JOHN A. KASSON,
Manager« on the part of the Hotue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer any ques-
tion any gentleman desires to ask me in regard
to this report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of .the
Senator from Maine how this leaves the salaries
of the United States judges?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely as the clause
was inserted by the Senate, except that the
words "and western" are put in after the word
"eastern," so as to include the eastern and
western districts of Pennsylvania in the same
class.
The report was concurred in.
accounts of disbursing officers.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. Ino. 173) to facilitate
the settlement of the accounts of disbursing
officers, disagreed to by the Senate, and insisted
upon by the House; and
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Retolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the said resolution, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the Houso of Representatives on
the disagreeing vote3 of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That tho conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Williams.
destitution at the soutii.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Wheroas it is reported from various sources deemed
authentic that extreme want and danger of starva-
tion exist extensively in several of the southern
States, owing to the failure of the crops and to other
causes;
Retolved, That Major General 0. 0. Howard b«
requested to report with the least practical delay
what information he has from official sources with
regard to tho said extreme want, and what may b#
his estimate of the amount of funds necessary to
purchase food to meat it if it should bo found to exist.
