1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
expect we shall take a vote before the recess,
and in the mean time the gentlemen on the
other side can arrange as they pleasej as I shall
give a portion of the time to that side of the
House.
Mr. LB BLOND. I wished to suggest that
we take the recess now.
Several Members. Oh, no; go on now.
Mr. STEVENS. X will yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hotch-
kiss.] —
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, I am
^unwilling to vote upon this measure without
stating my reasons, so that my constituents
may understand why I vote against so many
true and faithful men in this House. I am the
taoro particular in casting my vote now for the
reason that I shall not be in the next Congress
to vindicate what I do at this time. This bill,
as has been stated, is a very important one, and
its importance is made an argument to justify
precipitate action upon it without examining
its details or determining what the effect of it
is going to be uj>on the communities that are
to bo affected by it.
This bill, in the first place, repudiates all
semblance of civil government in these rebel
communities. It substitutes for them military
rule. So far it is all right. It then empowers
the people in those rebel communities to estab-
lish civil governments, but it neglects entirely
to provide any machinery by which the&e gov-
ernments are to bo established. No military
law or military rule exists governing elections
for delegates to form conventions and frame
constitutions; and if any did exist it should be
at once abrogated. This country cannot have
civil governments established under military
rule.
Now, in order to have peaceable elections
hold in those rebel States you must have some
law 1o govern those elections. If you allow
this bill to go into operation as it now stands,
without making any amendment of its provis-
ions, and permit these elections to be held, as
they must necessarily be held under this bill,
under the authority, control, and regulation of
the rebel governments in those States, there will
be no security whatever; and you will have
the elections in New Orleans held under the
control of Mayor Monroe and the mob which
lie used lo such fell purpose last summer.
Thai, is the entertainment to which this bill
illV il(\5 us.
Now, J admit that in civilized communities
it might not be necessary to take so many pre-
cautions. Go into the new Territories of tile
West., where orderhas been already established
by the pioneer settlers ; whore the school-
master, the missioirirv, and the preacher are
to be found ; whore I lie habits, manners, and
customs of the eastern Stales have already
become established, and the people, without,
any enabling act, can meet together, hold
elections, frame and adopt constitutions, and
present them to Congress for approval, and
they will be such constitutions as we can agree
to approve. Jiut that cannot be done in these
rebel communities ; and 1 should think we had
had enough of their attempts to do it. We
all know there is no order, no justice, no lib-
erty, no security prevailing there now.
And what provision is made for it in this
proposed substitute of the Senate? Sir, it is
simply an act to legalize the reconstruction
policy of President Johnson. And we are told
lhat we must adopt it, for it is the very last
opportunity we will have to legalize that pol-
icy. ^ Now, what is the use of us going through
thii farce? Nearly two years ago the Presi-
dent himself went through precisely the same
operation. He ordered elections to bo held
in these rebel States. He did bettor than it is
proposed we shall do, for he prescribed who
should open the polls, who should make the
returns, what classes of men should vote and
what classes should not. What better is this
bill, then, than the work of President John-
son? Sir, it is far worse ; it substitutes an-
archy for the bogus governments which the
President has established there.
If any gentleman will point out to me wherein
I am in error in this respect I will yield to him
for that purpose. What authority is there con-
ferred by this bill to determine who is to pre-
side at the polls or to say to Mayor Monroe
when he shall come up to vote, Sir, you are
disfranchised for participation in the rebellion,
and therefore yon cannot vote ? Who is to give
protection to the black man when he comes up
to vote? If in New Orleans, Mayor Monroe
and his July mob. It is well understood that
although in many of these cotnmunities four
fifths of the people are peaceable and well dis-
posed, yet the other fifth are outlaws and guer-
rillas and l-obbers and cut-throats, and they con-
trol affairs in those communities. We say to
the black man, Go and vote. But it is a mere
mockery to say so to him, for he cannot get
within half a mile of the polls.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would suggest to the
gentleman that if affairs are so bad in Tennes-
see, he better take steps to have her again
turned out of the Union.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will say what my
action will be upon the question of reconstruc-
tion when it comes up here. Whenever the
government of any one of these States is
already in loyal hands I will vote for her res-
toration. , What -I mean by loyal men is that
they shall be our friends. Mark the expres-
sion, "our friends;" Republicans, the men
who saved this country, the men who voted
uniformly and consistently for men- and money
to put down this rebellion and save our Gov-
ernment. They are the men who must have
the power in these States before I will vote
power into their hands. It is not enough for me
that they shall adopt the constitutional amend-
ment. They have nothing to do with the con-
stitutional amendment, for it never has been
submitted to them.
They are not political States. When- wo
shall have adopted this constitutional amend-
ment it will bo by the action of the loyal States.
The reconstruction of these rebel States is
another matter altogether. For myself 1 say
that when wo have declared these communities
without government, when wo have sent the
bayonet there to enforce order, we have an
efficient, system of government so far as the
present is concerned, because you have the
Federal courts, and you have the bayonet there
to cnforcc obedience to those courts; then if
you will propose a measure like the Louisiana
bill, under which a peaceable election can bo
held and a peaceable government inaugurated,
1 will vote for it.
Von will have no governments de facto there
to regulate and control elections pursuant
to the Senate amendment, because this bill
very properly repudiates those governments.
Hence anarchy, violence, and bloodshed will
follow any attempt on the part of Unionists
to establish loyal governments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now yield ten minutes
lo the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bhom-
" Mr'.]BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, if we con-
cur with the amendments nowproposed by the
Senate to this bill, what more shall we do than
to license those who have the political control
and consequently the entire power to use it for
evil or for good as long as they please, under
the mere penalty that until they form a certain
constitution they shall not be represented
here ?
Mr. BLAINE. Are they not under military
government all the while?
Mr. BKQMWELL. If we adopt this meas-
ure in its present form we shall have the sat-
isfaction of going homo and saying to the peo-
ple that we have invested President Johnson
with the task of protecting the Union people
there by the military; and we have given him
the rebel governments he set up to make up
by their civil administration what his military
agents may choose to leave undone ; but as to
the disqualification for office of any man whom
the constitutional amendment proposed to dis-
franchise, as for any law guarding the rights
of loyal men, white or black, as for any regis-
tration law,-as for any officers to execute such
law, as for any machinery of government what-
soever, all these things are just as the rebels
choose to make them; they will control these
things till they see cause to change their course,
or till the constant subjugation of the loyal
people shall have crushed all semblance of a
loyal element among them.
This is "the sum and substance of the amend-
ment which the Senate has had the honor of
attaching to this bill. I must be permitted to
say, Mr. Speaker, that I expected better things ;
that the people expected better things. Mili-
tary government, sir, is a ba'd enough resort
in any country and under any circumstances,
and I never would resort to it except from the
dire necessity of the case. But to a military
bill we add these provisions which only tie up
the hands of Congress. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] tells us that the Fortieth
Congress is a Congress he can trust. I ask
the gentleman where he obtains any informa-
tion that the Fortieth Congress will ever have
anything to do with this question of reconstruc-
tion after we have thus consigned the whole
work to the rebel authorities to take their own
time to consolidate their power? The bill is a
carte blanche to the rebel organizations to
go on.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman want
me to answer him now?
Mr. BKOMWELL. Not now; but you can
as soon as I ain done.
This bill says, go on under the penalty of
non-representation ; under the penalty of hav-
ing military officers among you, go on. If you
have trodden upon the loyal white men and
black men before you mustered and led forth
your rebel armies, and have trodden on them
since, go on; and the loyal men shall be under
your power hereafter to the end.
Yon have heard what the gentleman from
Tennessee (Mr. Stokes) said. The loyal voice
of Tennessee on this question is to the loyal
North as the voice of a brother's blood crying
from the ground. He tells us it will be a
death-blow to the loyal people of that State.
They tell us we shall guaranty republican
governments in these States. But, sir, I say
that we do not do well in guarantying a State
government that ties up our own hands against
securing the rights of our own loyal citizens.
Why talk of guarantying republican govern-
ments in States where we cannot guaranty
life, limb, or property to the individual citi-
zens ?
I regard this as a flank movement by which
is to be brought about that darling scheme of
certain politicians: universal amnesty and
universal suffrage. Whether it end in univer-
sal suffrage or not one thing is certain, it is
universal amnesty.
This is what we are to say to the people by
this bill. My opinion is the Congress of the
United States should take measures to put an
end to these things in the South. It should
provide for organization, as in the Louisiana
bill. It should so frame the whole organiza-
tions tRat the loyal men should not only be
protected, but should handle and control the
machinery in forming these loyal governments.
I hold, sir, that as a conqueror this Federal
Government has not only the right, but more,
it is bound both in law and justice to protect
the loyal people there. There is not a man in
the House, Democrat or Republican, who will
not tell you he supported the war. There is
not a man who will say we did not encourage
the loyal men of the South to place themselves
on the side of the Government. And now,
after they have done so, shall we desert them?
That is the question. Are they to have no
helping hand, no protecting power in the State
governments under which they are to live dur-
ing the pleasure of their rebel masters? What
to them is military power if their hands are tied
under rebel Legislatures and rebel Governors
like General Forrest and General Beauregard,
men who have commanded the legion'- that car-
ried fire and destruction all over the field", of
