1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
I simply wish to remark that I am informed
by General Howard that there are a large
number of the people of the South suffering
that he is unable to relieve. I desire to obtain
accurate and reliable information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting after General Howard's
name the words "Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau," so that it shall be addressed
to him in his official character, and not as a
mere private person.
Mr. STEWART. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, at twelve
o'clock midnight, the Senate proceededto the
consideration of executive business, and after
gome time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
DUTIES ON WOOL AND WOOLENS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask leave to intro-
duce the bill which I attempted to introduce
early in the evening. I have modified it so as
to make the extension of the time of the taking
effect of the tariff act but five days. I believe
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is
willing to agree to that. I hope it will be acted
on at once.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 635) to extend the
time for the taking effect of the act relating to
wool and woolens ; which was read twice, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
so as to make the time ten days.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. The Sena-
tor from Vermont will object to that, and that
will carry it over and we shall lose it.
Mr. CONNESS. Will Senators allow the
Senator from Vermont to do his own objecting?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the Senator from Vermont did object
decidedly and thoroughly to any bill of the
sort, and I at least persuaded him to agree to
five days, which was all he would agree to, and
he withdrew his objection. If the Senator can
persuade him to the contrary it will be all very
well.
Mr. CONNESS. I rather think the Senator
from Vermont, when having that under consid-
eration, forgot the slight circumstance that
there are two sides to this continent. I know
that it is a circumstance that is liable to be
forgotten. I try to keep it in Senator's mem-
ories. I hope I may succeed. If the Senator
will say that he objects, of course I have noth-
ing further to say ; but it seems very strange
that my honorable friend from Maine will do
his objecting for him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little.) The question is on the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to strike out "five" and insert "ten"
before the word " days."
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course it is useless to
attempt to offer any amendment in the present
stage of this bill, but 1 wish to state that when
I voted for the act referred to I supposed it
went into effect at the same time as the tariff
bill which was lost between the two Houses.
I supposed it went into effect on the 1st of
April, and that the goods that are on their way
would pay the duties which the Government
agreed to let the goods in for when parties
bought them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That shows you ought
not to have passed the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill was passed with-
out consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Unless it is the pleasure
of the Senate and the Senator from Vermont
to allow this to be done, I do not- desire to
harass the Senate, and I shall withdraw it.
Mr. MORGAN. If it is withdrawn I have
nothing to say.
Mr. CONNESS. I say unless Senators
assent to it.
Mr. MORGAN. It is the pleasure of the
Senate, but not of the Senator from Vermont.
This bill is all we can get.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from
Vermont speak on the subject?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, I will speak. I
am satisfied that I have made a mistake, a
decided mistake ; because if I allow this bill
to pass and it goes to the House, I do not
know what wisdom may penetrate that body;
Erobably correct wisdom ; and it may be sent
ack here with an amendment to make it ten
days or thirty, and then it will be beyond my
control entirely. I have made a mistake in
yielding at all; and when the question shall
be on reading the bill the third time I shall
be ready to state whether I object or not. I
shall be willing, however, because I want to
keep faith with my friends—for of course it
will be no use to pass this bill unless the House
will pass it—if the House pass a bill so that
there shall be an opportunity to know precisely
what are our rights for five days, I will assent
to its passage at once; but I perceive now what
I did not think of when I consented before ; I
know no Senator here will take advantage of it;
but if the House send back the bill with an
amendment to make it ten days, what then?
Mr. SHERMAN. It can only pass there
by unanimous consent. If any member of the
House chooses, he can by his arbitrary will
stop the passage of this bill. If the Senator
from Vermont says one of his colleagues is
decidedly opposed to it he can defeat the
passage of the bill. I will state this, and it is
for the Senator from Vermont to consider. I
urged the Senate not to pass any amendment
to the wool bill, knowing that the bill took
effect from the date of the passage of the act;
but at the same time I stated that I would be
perfectly willing to vote for a joint resolution
fixing a future time for it to take effect. If any
other Senator had moved to amend this bill,
postponing the date of its taking effect, it would
nave passed the Senate by a two-thirds orthree-
fourths vote ; because it is utterly impossible
for them in New York to know the rates of
duty fixed by this bill, and they must have
time. I therefore think the five days too short;
but as the Senator thought he could not con-
sent to more than five days, we had better take
it at five days.
Mr. MORGAN. By all means take it at five
days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Cannot we dispense
with the rule so as to pass such measures as
we want to do ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am bound in justice to
say to the Senator from Ohio that I do not
assent to his proposition that it would pass by
two thirds or three fourths at ten days or thirty
days, because when we passed the main tariff
bill with our amendments the 1st of April was
stricken out on motion of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] and the act was
required to take effect on its passage. The
subject was discussed, it may be privately in
conversation among Senators, and I was con-
vinced it ought to take effect on its passage.
I had the honor of an interview with an appa-
rently very candid and fair constituent of my
friend from Ohio, the president of the State
Agricultural Association and Wool-Growers'
Association, who, with other gentlemen, when
the other bill was under consideration, urged
me as one of the Senators of this body to be
sure to have it take effect on its passage, on
account of the fact that by the telegraph and
other means of communication wool and wool-
ens would be brought here and the market
glutted ; so that to pass a tariff bill of this de-
scription would be perfectly nugatory so far as
the operations of this year were concerned. It
met tne approval of my judgment, and I con-
curred heartily with my friend from Missouri,
and it was adopted in this body without a
division. Therefore I think the Senator has
no right to lay that but for my arbitrary action,
as he chooses to style it, it would pass by a
two-thirds or a three-fourths majority.
Now, as to its being arbitrary, because we
gain wisdom by experience, it is not many
days since the Senator from Ohio made pre-
cisely this objection—objecting to the third
reading of a bill which it did not appear to his
judgment right to be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not complain of the
Senator objecting. I say he has a right to do
it; and I would do it without a moment's hesi-
tation if I thought a measure was wrong. I
am not calling him to account for that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have nothing
more to say.
Mr. CONNESS. In that respect the two
Senators are about alike. That is my opinion.
I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill be engrossed and read a
third time? ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before I consent to that,
as I can still object to its third reading, I wish
to have it understood, by general consent that
the faith of the Senate or the gentlemen of the
Senate is pledged to that fact, that if it should
happen that this bill comes back to us making
it ten, twenty, or any greater number of days
the Senate shall feel itself bound to stick to
five days.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that is an unwar-
rantable proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good; I object to
the third reading of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall certainly never
make any such objection as the Senator sug-
gests; but I think the Senator ought to draw
on the good faith of his associates sufficiently
without exacting a pledge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I object to
the third reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the Chair rules that the bill can-
not be read a third time on the day it is pre-
sented.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had receded from its
disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 746) for the organiza-
tion of land districts in the Territories of Ari-
zona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 578) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other
purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 614) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to transfer the United States
iron-clad Onondaga to George Quintard, of
New York;
A bill (S. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
"An act concerning the fire department of
Washington city," approved February 18,1867;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) concern-
ing the right of way for the survey and con-
struction of an inter-oceanic ship-canal through
the Isthmus of Darien.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate No. 603 to
authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and the Hawaiian Islands, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1227)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1867.
