1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1328
the South, and particularly to the homes of
loyal men ?
With these objections to'the bill hurriedly
stated I will only add I am opposed to concur-
ring in any such amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle
man from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] for ten
minutes.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I should
hesitate to trespass on the time of the House
if I did not feel the overwhelming importance
of the action of this day to the -whole country.
I shall try to state the objections I have to the
pending Senate amendment in as few words
as possible.
• Upon its face, Mr. Speaker, this amendment
concedes everything we could ask. It concedes
protection to the loyal people and suffrage to
the black men; it is, however, upon its face
alone that it makes these concessions. It—
"Keeps the word of promise to our car,
And breaks it to our hope."
The protection which it promises is a temporary
protection. It is to cease as soon as civil gov-
ernments are organized under the provisions
of this bill.
So soon as such a framework of govern-
ment is set up, the military protection which
this bill provides is to be withdrawn and the
loyal people are to be left to the mercy of the
civil governments so created. So far, then, as
this military protection is concerned, it is there-
fore in its nature temporary and can be of but
little benefit to the loyal people of these States.
The bill which passed thfe House and was sent
to the Senate provided for military projection
to the loyal people until such time as the Con-
gress might conclude it could with perfect
safety be withdrawn. This bill fixes a limit to
ttio presence of our armies.
The hoifr of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House took a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock re-
sinned its session.
tariff bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senate sub-
stitute for the House tariff bill with amend-
ments; which were ordered to be printed,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order
for Thursday next after the morning hour.
euroiis or bureau of statistics.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Whereas the report on the statistics of the United
States compiled by Alexander Dclmar, director of
the Bureau oi Statistics of the Treasury Department,
compiled under the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with the request of tho Sec-
retary of State, for transmission to the United States
commissioner general for the Paris Exposition of
1867, abounds in evidences of ignorance, carelessness,
and willful misrepresentation: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of State bo requested to withhold from
circulation any copies of said report that may be in
their possession or within the control of either of
them.
Mr. COOPER. I object.
leave op absence.
Mr. MARSTON asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for himself.
government of insurrection'aey states.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House in rela-
tion to the government of the insurrectionary
States, upon which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the floor;
and he has yielded five minutes to the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, in my
remarks previous to the House going into
recess, I took the ground that the protection
afforded by the amendment of the Senate was
to be temporary in its character and would
cease the moment that civil government was
created in those States. We are therefore
referred back to that civil government to
ascertain what character of protection it will
afford to the people of the rebellious States.
It would be emphatically, Mr. Speaker, a gov-
ernment of rebels; I say a government of
rebels, because although the amendment which
has reached us from the Senate contains the
words, "Except such as may be disfranchised
for participation in the rebellion," that dis-
franchisement has' to come from the rebels
themselves, and surely there is no man upon
this floor weak enough to suppose that they
will so disfranchise themselves. Therefore I
say that the civil governments to be. created
under this bill will be substantially rebel gov-
ernments. It is true that as a counterpoise to
the rebel voters we find a proposition in the
bill for universal suffrage, and we are expected
to find a remedy for the disloyal vote in the vote
of the loyal black population of those States.
Mr. BANKS. It is not universal suffrage.
Mr. DONNELLY. It is at least impartial
suffrage without regard to race or color. Now,
sir, that black vote might, when properly edu-
cated to legislation, form such a counterpoise to
the rebel element; but at the present time, un-
taught, unskilled in legislation, unaccustomed
to the exercise of the rights of citizenship, it will
find itself placed in competition with the intel-
lect of that class who created this great rebel-
lion, who waged war for four long years with a
courage and an endurance equal to our own,
and with a statesmanship and a diplomacy per-
haps more than equal to our own; and who can
doubt the result? A people just snatched from
barbarism are to be placed in competition with
those able, bad men, and we are expected to
find in their vote a sufficient counterpoise to
rebel influence to secure the safety of the
country.
I have no doubt that sooner or later that
rebellious population must take part in the
government of those States; but the question
that we are to solve is, shall that participation
be immediate or shall it be gradual ? Shall it
be a participation coming in at the end of one,
two, three, or five years, and coming in upon
a basis of established loyalty, or shall the spirit
of rebellion take possession of the State gov-
ernments from the very first.
In most of those States the loyal element is
small; it will need cherishing, it will need
nourishing; but if we pass this bill we hand
that loyal element, small in numbers, weak in
character, into the control of the men who now
control those State governments, and the black
vote, undeveloped, uneducated, would be, in
such a case, a mere appendage to their power.
Turn to Tennessee. If it had been possible
that that State should have been organized
under such a bill as this, instead of the gallant
and loyal gentlemen who now sit upon this floor
as Representatives from that State we would
have men here devoted to the interests of the
rebellion. The vote of the loyal one third of
the people of Tennessee would have been over-
whelmed by the disloyal vote, and by this time
the loyal sentiment of that State, as a State of
this Union, would be utterly destroyed.
Take the case of Arkansas. There we have,
perhaps, a still smaller loyal element strug-
gling to the surface, an element which, if it is
afforded time, so that the black vote can be
educated—trained, as it were, to this work of
suffrage and legislation—and brought to its sup-
port, will eventually be able to counteract and
overcome the rebel power; but consign that
State by the operation of this bill to the con-
trol of the men who made the rebellion, and
at once your loyal element disappears and dies.
For one, sir, T believe that the passage of this
bill will be the death of the Ioval element in
all those rebel States.
I cannot refrain from quoting in this connec-
tion the quaint, grotesque, but most striking
illustration made by Mr. Lincoln on this very
question in the last speech he ever made. "If
you would have," he said, "a chicken frc^m
the egg, you must not commence by smashing
the'egg—you must hatch it." So of the loyal
sentiment of the South. There may be enough
there to eventually save those States, but we
must cherish, nourish, and develop it; and
surely that cannot be done by delivering it into
the custody and control of the rebels.
But we are told that this bill provides that
the next Congress will have some control over
this subject, and that surely we can trust that
Congress. Sir, we cannot thus shift the respon-
sibility from ourselves; we must do our wliole
duty and not take it for granted that a future
Congress will make up for our shortcomings.
Pass this bill, and the very men who now use
this argument will tell the members of the
Fortieth Congress that they are bound in honor
to carry out its terms and conditions, and must
do so against the force of their own convictions.
Have we not had just such arguments made to
us during this session of Congress? Have we
not been told that because at the last session
we passed the constitutional amendment now
pending, that we were at this session bound to
ask nothing more than what is contained in
that amendment? We cannot be too careful
in passing laws touching the action of a future
Congress. Although the legal obligation may
be as nothing, the moral effect is groat and may
bo pernicious.
But we are told that unless we pass this bill
now we can get nothing at this session of Con-
gress ; we are driven into the last end of a
short session of Congress, and under the dread
of a Presidential veto we are told that we
must take this bill or nothing. Sir, I say to
you that if this bill is to prove disastrous to the
loyal people of the South we cannot be too
slow in passing it; better temporary anarchy
than congressional reconstruction built on a
basis of enduring evil.
But, sir, this argument of haste amounts to
nothing. Practically this Congress continues
after the 4th of March so long tis it ebooses to
sit, even until the 4th of March, 18(>9, for the
Fortieth Congress is in its political features
and almost in its personnel substantially a con-
tinuation of this Congress. We are, then, to
sacrifice the loyal people-of the South to gain
three or fonr weeks of time; nay, we may by
this precipitous legislation sacrifice the great
interests of the entire country.
It may be that while we deliberate a few
more lives may be sacrificed to the Moloch of
the rebellion ; but much as we must all regret
this, what will be the loss of those lives com-
pared with the destruction of the loyal element
in the rebel States and the long list of calam-
ities that may be inflicted upon loyal men and
upon the best interests of the nation itself for
years to come under the operation of this bill?
Sir, although it is not in our power as legisla-
tors to prevent crime, we can at least so frame
our laws as to place the disloyal and vicious
population under the feet of the loyal and faith-
ful. To reverse this is for the lion to play the
sculptor, and we can expect no result but the
supremacy of rebellion and the destruction of
loyalty in all that v.ast region of country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is still entitled to the
floor.
M  STEVENS. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I accept, sir, the crumb
that is given to me, not by my master, but by
the master, and shall offer a few remarks in
reference to the proposition now pending.
I do not propose to harmonize the discord-
ant elements upon that side of the House.
Mr. BUCKLAND. Would you if you could?
Mr. LE BLOND. My friend asks me whether
I would if I could. I think I would, sir ; and
I would harmonize them in such a manner as
I am sure would bring back peace and happi-
ness to the country. I would not harmonize
them with the views of either of the extremes
upon that side of the House ; but I woujd har-
monize them in keeping with the Constitution
