1867.
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I was per-
fectly aware of what is there stated, and was
coming to that very point. That raises another
question: whether a military commander can
seize the property of anybody he pleases for
any purpose he pleases, whether good or bad,
and render the Government liable? I contend
that the Government is not liable. I contend
that Colonel Boyd, a patriotic gentleman, who
was a member of the last Congress, had no au-
thority to bind this Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. It was not
.he that issued the order; he obtained an order
from the proper military authority.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That makes
no difference. I concede that he was the proper
military authority; but that is immaterial, I
say that the Government is riot bound by these
orders of military commanders. I think it
unsafe for us to adopt a rule which would ren-
der the Government liable for the action of
its military commanders. I do not think this
House will ever adopt such a rule.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Thornton] to yield to me
for a moment, that I may make an explana-
tion.
Mr. THORNTON. I yield to the gentleman
for one minute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My colleague [Mr.
Washburne] has—of course, without intend-
ing it—done me injustice. I did not say that
this Government would act dishonorably if
it refused to pay this claim. I did, however,
make the remark that if the Government of
the United States should repudiate its honest
debts it would be dishonored; and I reiter-
ate it. I agree fully with all that my colleague
has said with regard to the liberality, the
magnanimity, and the grandeur of this Gov-
ernment ; and I feel an interest in maintaining
its honor, so that its grandeur and glory may
continue undimmed and may grow more re-
splendent. I am here, not alone to guard the
Ireasury of the United States, not alone to pro-
tect the interest of my immediate constituents,
but to preserve, so far -as I may be able, the
honor of the whole country.
Mr. THORNTON. I now yield for a few
moments to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state to the committee in as few words as pos-
sible the facts which control this case.
On the question of the assumption of liabil-
ities by the Government much has been said
with which I do not agree. I think that cases
of this sort are best argued by presenting sim-
ply and clearly the facts on which they rest.
The claimants in this case were contractors
before the war for carrying the mail in Mis-
souri. After the war broke out the troubled
condition of affairs in that State rendered it,
as they saw, almost impossible for them to
continue to carry the mail—certainly impossi-
ble without subjecting themselves to terrible
losses by the loss or destruction of their prop-
erty. Under these circumstances they applied
to the Government to be released from making
the effort to carry the mail. The Government
declined to release them. The mail service
was considered so important that the Govern-
ment insisted they should go on and do the
best they could, promising them all the aid
that could be given by the troops of the United
States. They went on and carried the mails;
and in doing so they suffered heavy losses.
Their horses and coaches were captured.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Did not these contract-
ors receive from the Government their regular
pay as contractors ?
Mr. DELANO. The Government, as I
understand, paid them the contract price, but
no extra pay.
Mr. BOUTWELL. They went on as con-
tractors?
Mr. DELANO. They went on as contract-
ors under the contract. Of course they went
on at the importunity of the Government.
They were not permitted to surrender their
contract. The Government paid them, I am
told, only for the trips actually made. The
question arises whether the parties who have
attempted to serve the Government under such
circumstances when service was demanded, and
who have sustained inevitable losses thereby,
are to be paid. The committee agreed that
this mail service was important to the Govern-
ment. The committee thought it was one of
the simplest cases, but the House can draw its
own conclusions. It has nothing to do with
the claims of disloyal States or of loyal States
under the rule adopted by the House. It is
simply whether these contractors, who entered
into a contract before the war, who went on
after the war being promised the aid of the
Government, who sustained all this loss, should
be paid for it by the Government.
One other view of this subject. If this could
be said to be for property destroyed by the
enemy in the ordinary sense of the term I would
not vote for it. A private citizen can make
no claim for property destroyed by the enemy.
He must take his chance. As God orders, so
he must endure. These parties suffered these
losses while serving the Government at the
importunity of the Government, and I do not
think the ease stands in the line of the prin-
ciple alluded to. The resolution simply pro-
vides what they have actually lost in the effort
to serve the Government shall be ascertained
by the proper accounting officers and paid.
That is all.
The joint resolution was laid aside, to be
reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Prick
reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had according to order had the Private
Calendar generally under consideration, and
had directed him to report the following bills
and joint resolution to the House, with the
recommendation that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audit
and pay the claim of Tuller & Fisher, of Mis-
souri; and
A bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of James
Pool.
evening session.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the House
take a recess from half past four o'clock till
half past seven o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of having an evening session to be devoted to
debate only.
The motion was agreed to.
debts due to washington city.
The SPEAKER. The first bill reported from
the Committee of the Whole House is House
bill No. 710, to pay and discharge certain debts
and expenditures to the corporation of the city
of Washington, with an amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read' a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
tullbr and fisher
The question next recurred on House joint
resolution No. 175, to audit and pay the claim
of Tuller & Fisher, of Missouri, and also re-
ported from the Committee oTthe Whole House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 37, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson. James If.
Ashley, Banks, Barker. Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Render W. Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Denison, Dixon, Eldridge, i'arquhar. Ferry, Pinck.
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James R. Ilub-
bell. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Julian,
Kelso. Kerr. Koontz. Kuykendall, I*e Blond, Lynch,
Melndoe, Mcituer, Miller, Moulton. Niblack, Nich-
olson, Paine, Patterson. Perham, Pike, Priee, Rad~
ford: Raymond, John H. Rice, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stokes, Taber, Na-
thaniel 6. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Yan Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner.
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
Welker—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Ben-
jamin, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall. Campbell,
Cobb, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, Edwin N. Hubbell, KoHey,
Ketcham, Laflin, Loan, Longyear, .Maynard, Ale-
Clurg, Morris, Newell, O'Neill, Orib, Satnoel J.
Randall. Rollins, Seofield, Stevens, Andrew H. Ward,
Eliha B. Washburne, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Stephen F.Wilson—37.
NOT VOTING. — Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames,
Arnell, Delos K. Ashley, Beaman, Bergen, Blew.
Boyer, Brandegee, Buekland, Bandy. Chanler. Sid-
ney Clarke, Conkling, Cook. Cooper, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, D.wes, Deming, Dodge, I-HnnoiK, Kekley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Garfield, Glossbrenner. Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, liise. Holmes, Hooper, Asahel
W. llubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones, Kasson,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Leftwich, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
McKee, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Noeli,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, WilliamH.Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck. Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Up-
son, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward. Whaley,
Windom, WinGeld, Woodbridge, and Wright—79.
Daring the roll-call—
Mr. LE BLOND stated that Mr. Harris
was detained from the House in consequence
of the illness of his wife.
Mr. HOGAN. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Noell, is unable to be present.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to state that my colleague, Mr. Stkocse, is
absent in consequence of sickness in his family.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james pool.
The last bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole was Senate bill No. 311, for the
relief of James Pool.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
enrolled bill and resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following title;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 904,) in regard tothe com-
pensation of route agents in the Post Office De-
partment.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 229,) to procure
a site for a building to accommodate the post
office and United States courts in New York
city.
reconstruction.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 543, to provide for restoring to
the States lately in insurrection their fullpolit-
ieal rights, on which Mr. Donnelly was enti-
tled to the floor,
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to express myself in favor of the main pur-
poses of the bill now under consideration.
Through the clouds of a great war and the
confusion of a vast mass of uncertain legisla-
tion we are at length reaching something tan-
gible ; we have passed the "Serbooian bog,"
and are approaching good dry land.
This is the logical conclusion of the war.
The war was simply the expression of the de-
termination of the nation to subordinate the
almost unanimous will of the White people of
