1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and the spirit of our Government and not in
violation of and in conflict with its spirit.
'Now, sir, it is quite impossible in the short
period allotted to'me to elaborate an argu-
ment upon the positions taken by gentlemen
upon the opposite side of the House; but, sir,
I must be permitted to comment upon the the-
ory of my colleague from the Columbus dis-
trict, [Mr. SSellabauger.] - That gentleman
undertook the other day to enlighten this House,
and he proceeded with his remarks with more
gravity, more complacency, more assurance, I
venture to say, than did ever Solon or Lyeurgus
when giving laws to the people. That he thor-
oughly satisfied himself no one wifo knows him
can doubt for a moment. That he has con-
vinced anybody else is exceedingly question-
able.
But let us look at the position which he
takes to justify the legislation proposed. lie
starts off" by admitting" that unless war exists
at this time in the States lately in rebellion
this legislation is without justification or con-
stitutional authority. Then he says that war
does exist in these States, and in his language
it exists in this way : War, says he, is of two
kinds, "war flagrante and war cessante
and he says that war of the latter description
exists in this country, war cessante. Now, sir,
I undertake to say that such a state of war as
he has built up for himself—for himself and for
nobody else—does not exist and never did
exist in this or any other country, and he can-
not find it in any book unless he may have
written one for this purpose. In some of the
old authors this sentence may be found, " hel-
ium flagrante non dum cessante,'* and it is from
this sentence he gets his idea and creates his
novel state of war, created for the occasion.
Sir, there is no war. And if there is no war,
there is certainly no justification for the course
that is being taken here. War cessante is
not war at all. I repeat there is no war in
this country. The war ended when the south-
erners laid down their arms and sued for peace.
There has been no war in this country since
then, aud I trust there never will be again.
'J'lus is the merest clap-trap, this doctrine
which has sprung from the imagination of my
friend from Ohio, who seeks to bo considered
lliis groat constitutional lawyer of this House,
yet who presents himself before the American
people! with this ridiculous proposition to jus-
tify his action on this floor.
But, Mr. Speaker, to the bill. Sir, this bill,
like all the others upon reconstruction, starts
with a preamble assorting the existence of cer-
tain facts, which in my judgment and which I
know do not exist. The preamble reads thus:
" Whereas no legal State governments or ade-
quate protection 1'or life or property now exist
in the rebellious Stales." When gentlemen
put forth this preamble what do they admit?
f hey admit that those States are without law
and without any form of government, either
legal or otherwise, that they have no law and
no government to control and direct actions
of tiic people. And here let me say that this
bill is quite as infamous, quite as absurd, as
the bill that the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,J who is chair-
man of the Committee on Reconstruction, con-
tends for and hangs so tenaciously to. It con-
fers all the powers that that bill gives. It con-
fers all the powers that the most radical (jpuld
claim consistently. You must bear in mind
that yon assert in the preamble that these
States are without law, without government,
without any form of government. You then
say in the third section that "it shall be the
duty of each military officer assigned as afore-
said to protect all the rights of persons and
property.'- \ ou give to the military, who are to
regulate the local affairs in these States, all the
powers necessary to control the rights of per-
son and of property, because they are without
any law or government, as you declare in your
preamble, and you confer upon them the power
necessary to govern and control these people.
The power is absolute aud exclusive.
Now, sir, is that any less than what was
given in the military bill proposed by the chair-
man of that committee? It embraces- it all.
You say, in both cases,, to the military, "You
are to control the people of those States abso-
lutely, not only in their personal rights, but
also in the exercise of the elective franchise;
for being without law the military is to pre-
scribe the law under which the people are to
vote, there being no other power to prescribe
rules.
Yes, say gentlemen upon that side of the
House, '' but the President of the UnitecE States
has the appointing of the military officers who
are to control the people of those States."
Sir, that may be a matter of some consequence
in the minds of gentlemen upon that side of
the House; but to me it is a matter of no con-
sequence who is to be. the man that is to establish
military despotism in any State within this
Union or to establish a power that is to absorb
all other powers.
Whoever appoints these officers lays the
foundation for a military despotism that must
destroy our Government, and I envy not the
man who is to exercise the powers attempted
to be granted by this bill.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is to pass Congress.
All the powers of the Union men of this House
cannot obstruct its passage. The die is cast,
and the subversion of constitutional liberty
willed by the usurpers.
In conclusion, let me warn gentlemen that
there is a point beyond which forbearance
ceascs to bo a virtue and where hope no louger
restrains the action of men. That point is at
hand or near by.
Conclude your works of destruction by im-
peaching the Executive and you have lopped
off one arm of the Government. Circumscribe
the judiciary by your net-work of laws and
you have paralyzed one of its main branches ;
but to dismember this Union, either by armed
force or usurped legislative power, is the
destruction of constitutional liberty, and to
establish military governments in ten States is
to establish military despotism over all of the
States of this Union that will justify the friends
of liberty to a resort to arms.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Er,bridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I never understood fully
tlio value of a minute until I was taught it by
this Congress. The practice seems to have
been established here that the most important
measures that come before this House are to
bo discussed in the least time. Some gentle-
man upon the other side of the House is as-
signed the floor, and as upon this occasion, par-
titions out ten minutes to one, eight minutes
to another, four minutes to another, and I be-
lieve as low as two minutes to another, for the
discussion of a measure which is to abrogate
the Constitution in ten of the States of this
Union. Ten minutes are allotted to me. 1
shall not stultify myself by pretending to make
an argument in these ten minutes.
I shall content myself with denouncing this
measure as most wicked and abominable. It
contains all that is viciou-s, all that is mischiev-
ous in any and all of the propositions which
have come either from the Committee on Recon-
struction or from any gentleman upon the other
side of the House. 1 am not quite so certain
as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lb Blond] that
when this bill shall have become a law, should
it ever become the law, a state of war will not
exist. In my judgment, this bill is of itself a
declaration of war against the southern people;
it is at least a revival and continuation of the
war, which we had hoped was forever ended.
If it is hello cessante now from the time this
bill shall pass and become a law, it will be a
war actual and flagrant which will I fear in-
volve that whole people, whiteand black, in one
common ruin.
Now, what is this measure ? I do not wonder
that there is some difference of opinion upon
the other side of the House. I should wonder
if there was not. For as you approach the
final consummation of the purpose which you
have had in view of virtually declaring the Gov-
ernment of our fathers a failure, 1 wonder not
•that you differ; that you have some contro-
versy among yourselves, some misgivings. The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Branbegbe]
told us the other day that the measure then
before the House similar to this was commenc-
ing at the right point; that it was to perform
exactly the-purpose which they desire ; that it
was commencing at Appomattox Court-House,
where General Grant left off. The gentleman
would have more truly expressed the fact, in
my judgment, if he had declared that it was
commencing exactly where Robert E. Lee left
off. And the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. STEVENs]"is bold enough to declare that
it is the purpose to concur in the revolution
which was inaugurated by secessionists and
carried on by them against the Government of
the United States, and which he says he hopes
to see perfected in making this a true and per-
fect Republic.
It was well said by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Le Blond] that this bill starts out with a false-
hood. It does, indeed. It declares that there
are no legal governments in these States. It
not only starts out with a lie, but every pro-
vision of the bill is a lie; it is one consummate,
unmitigated lie from beginning to end. It
will, if it shall become a law, subject the peo-
ple of ten States of this Union to the unwrit-
ten, undefined, and undefinable will of a brig-
adier general of the Army. It will substitute
for our written Constitution and the laws made
in pursuance thereof the arbitrary, uncon-
trolled, and unlimited will of a military despot.
It matters not who he may be ; how pure, how
upright: I care not if he be the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, he will be, he can be
nothing less, than a military despot. Gentle-
men may sugar-coat the pill if they can on
that side or this side of the House by saying
that it is all to be under the control of the
President of the United States. Sir, I respect
the President of the United States; I honor,
him in his position and office, and for many
things he has done; but, sir, God never made
the man or the angel whom I would trust with
the liberties of the people unlimited and un-
restrained by a written constitution. No man
is so pure, so ju-st, so generous, so unambitious
that I would trust the lives and liberties of a
a great people in his hands without having his
power controlled or restrained by some written
constitution or law.
But the effect of this bill is to abrogate the
Constitution of the United States, to overthrow
all government and commit all the rights, all
the vast interests of the people of those States
subject to the supreme will and pleasure of a
military despot. T cast no reflection upon any
particular man or officer who may be deputed
to hold position and exercise power under
this bill; I make no charge against any one,
for 1 know not who may be appointed. But I
do say that whoever he may be, he will, he
must of necessity, be a tyrant. He cannot fill
the position and be anything else. The work
prescribed, the powers to be exercised can
only be performed and exercised by tyrants.
And yet gentlemen affect to believe this isa
restoration of the Union; this is the preserva-
tion of the Republic; this is the constitutional
guarantee of republican form of government;
this is the consummation of all our hopes, the
reward for all our sacrifices in the fearful
struggle through which we have passed. What
good can gentlemen expect from this measure?
what protection of the rights, interests! lives,
and liberties of the people not secured by your
Constitution? What laws do you expect are to
be administered? Has your constitution of
government proved itself iu years gone by so
defective and inefficient that to-night, in the
presence of the civilized world, in this Ameri-
can Congress, you are going to declare that
it is a sublime and miserable failure? You
declare nothing less than this ; you declare
even more than this, that in the last four years
you have become so much in love with military
