January 18,
A1
Ix,
the rebellions 'Statesito tbe unity wtd*^n!@4p«B-
ity of the whole country. Having lgoae thus
far.,Wre cfmtiot,.pause. We must ■sfcilLsubordi-
natetheirwishes to our welfare.. <•, ■>
. Iiiis:br!l proposes to commence at the very
. fQ&,flatipn and build-up^ard-i
, ' /We ba,tte<the assuraB^i^fj.fessident John-
that " the rebelliqri' lias in its revolution-
'ary-progress depBFediilj&irebellipus States of
•alf civil goverrwMMit," iand that their State
institutions have'^jeen '* prostrated and, laid
.out upon i^b.0 ground."
In ,su<2h>a state of anarchy and disorganiza-
tion .tfoc'vpry foundations of s.ociBty. are laid
'bare; and we reach, as it were, the- prijnary
roSfSfthe everlasting grainjte of justice and
fip^Ffehich underlies all human government.
u 'the'language of the gre&t JEdi0,un.d "Ba^ke,:
When men "break up the original compact or
agreement which gives its corporate foriii and ca-
pacity to a State they are no longer a people: they
-iave no longer a corporate existence; they hav-e no
longer a legal coactive force to bind within, -nor a
claim to be recognized abroad. They i>re a number
of vague, loose individuals, and nothing more; with
them .all is to' begin again. Alffsl they little know
how many a weary step is to be taken before they can
form themselves into a mass which has a true polit-
ical personality."—Iturke's Works, vol. iii, p. 82.
I shall notstopto considertbeobjection made
to the seeond section of the'bill by,the gentle-
man, from Wisconsin, [Mr. 'Paine.] With the
purpose and intent of his remarks 1 thoroughly
concur. I conclude, however, that the object
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] in providing for such a partial and
temporary recognition of the rebel govern-
ments, was to protect society from the evils of a
total abrogation of all law and order. But it
seems-to me that whatever binding force those
governments can have, founded as they .are
upon revolution and by the hands of revolu-
tionary agents, is to be derived solely from
such recognition as Congress may give them.
"It may b®-possible in this and other particulars
to perfect the bill. I desire to speak rather to
its general scope and purpose.
Government having, by the acknowledgment
of the President, ceased to exist, law being
swept aside, and chaos having come again in
those rebellious States, by what principle shall
the law-making power of the nation—the Con-
gress—gqvern itself? Shall it bend its ener-
gies to renew old injustice? Shall it receive to
its fraternal embrace only that portion of the
population which circumstance or accident or
century-old oppression may have brought to the
surface ? Shall it—having broken up the arm-
ies and crushed the hopes of the rebels—pander
to their bigotries and cringe to their prejudices?
Shall it hesitate to do right out of deference to
the sentiments of those who but a short time
since were mowed down at the mouths of its
cannon?
It is to my mind most clear that slavery hav-
ing ceased to exist the slaves became citizens;
being citizens they are a part of the people;
and being a part of the people no organization
deservesa moment's consideration at our hands
which attempts to ignore them. If they were
white people whom it was thus sought to dis-
franchise and outlaw not a man in the nation
would dare to say nay to this proposition;
every impulse of our hearts would rise up in
indignant remonstrance against their oppress-
ors. But it has pleased Almighty God, who
takes counsel of no man, not even of the
founders of the rebellion, to paint them of a
different complexion, and that variation in the
pigmentum mucum is to rise up as a perpetual
barrier in our pathway toward equal justice
and equal rights.
For one, with the help of God, I propose to
do what I know to be right in the face of all
prejudices and all obstructions; and so long
as I have a seat in this body I shall never vote
to reconstruct any rebellious State on any such
basis of cruelty and injustice as that proposed
by the Opposition here.
Take the case of South Carolina. She has
three hundred thousand whites and four hun-
dred thousand blacks; and we are asked to
hand over the four hundred thousand blacks
.to the unrestrained custody and eoatrol of the
-three , hundred thousand whites.. We.-are to
know no one .but the whites; to communicate
with no one but the whites ^ this floor .is to
recognize no one but white Representatives of
the whites. -The whites are to makethe laws,
execute the laws, interpret the laws, and.write
the history of their own deeds; butbelosvithern,
under them, there as to be a vast .population—
-a'majority of the whole people—seething rand
writhing-in a condition of .suffering, .darkness,
and wretchedness unparalleled .in &e world.
And this is to-be an American State I: This is
-to.be a component part of .-tiic great, humane,
Christian.-Republic.of the-world. This is to
be the protection the mighty Republic is ito
deal out to its poor black friends who -were
faithful to it it its hour of trial; this is the
punishment it is to inflict upon its perfidious
enemies.
No, sir, no sophistry, no special pleading,
can lead -the American people to this result.
Through us or over us it will reconstruct those
States on a basis of impartial and eternal jus-
tice. Such >a mongrel, patchwork, bastard
reconstruction -as some gentlemen propose,
even if put into shape, would not hold together
a twelvemonth. Eour million human beings
consigned to .the uncontrolled brutality of
seven other million of human beings! The very
thought is monstrous. The instinct of justice
which God has implanted in every soul revolts
at it. The voice of lamentation would swell
up from that wretched land and fill the ears of
mankind. Leaders and avengers would spring
up on every hill-top of the Isorth. The intel-
lect, the -morality, the -soul of the age would
fight in behalf of the oppressed, and the
structure of so-called -reconstruction would go
down in blood.
Does any man think that it is in the Ameri-
can people, who rose at the cry of the slave
under the lash of iiis master, to abide in quiet
the carnival of arson, rapine, and murder now
raging over the South? Sir, a Government
which would perpetuate such a state of things
would be a monstrous barbarism ; the legisla-
tive body which would seek to weave such
things into the warp and woof of the national
life would deserve the vengeance of Almighty
God.
A Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
the other day in the United States Senate said:
" I have no doubt but there are large numbers of
the American people who are exceedingly anxious to
compel negro suffrage through the southern States.
But nas any one of them ever made an argument to
show that the southern States would he better gov-
erned; that there would bo more peace and moro
quiet in consequence of it?N I have never heard those
arguments if they havebeenmade, andldo not know
how anybody could make them."
I will give the honorable Senator an argument,
most potent and convincing, as to the kind
of " peace and quiet" which now reign in the
South without negro suffrage, and which will
reign there so long as negro suffrage is denied.
General Ord has just made a report upon the
condition of things in Arkansas. He sums up
matters as follows:
"Outrages, assaults, and murders committed on
the persons of freed men and women are being con-
tinually reported from all sections of the State,
and a decided want of disposition to punish offenders
apparently exists with the local civil officers and in
the minds of the people. There have been reported
fifty-two murders of freed persons by white men in
this State in the past three or four months, and no
reports have been received that the murderers have
been imprisoned or punished. In some parts of the
State, particularly in the southwest and southeast,
freedmen's lives are threatened if they report their
wrongs to the agent of the bureau, and in many in-
stances the parties making reports are missed and
never heard of afterward. It is believed that the
number of murders reported is not half the number
committed during tfee time mentioned."
Or if this is not sufficient, I would answer
the distinguished Senator still farther by quot-
ing from the report of the officers of the Freed-
men's Bureau as to the state of affairs in Ten-
nessee as a further testimony to the condition
of southern socicty without impartial suffrage :
"Captain Kendrick reports in substance that having
proceeded to Union City he conversed with many of
the citizens, who told him that but fewfreedmen were
left about there, as thoy were driving: them away as
-rapidly possible. There seems to hea, fixed deter-
mination that the freedmen shall not reside there,
and the citizens force them to,fly by ravishing.the
-females, shooting, beating, whipping, and cheating-
them. /JChe^uperintendentof .the bureau there, while
investigating a-case of assault upon-a negro, was
compelled ^to desist by threats upon his life. Jh©
.magistrate "of the town states that he is power J ess to
administer justice, owing .-to the feeling'in =the eoter
>muniiy* Oaptain 'Kendriok mentions the ease-of a
fr-eedwoman nained Emeline, living in Union City,
who,'dm-mg tho^absence of-herliusband, was brutally
violated by a party of whites. She appealed to tbe
justice of the peace, who informed her that nothing
could be done for her on account of.thefeeling in the
town. 'vBre next day two men, named Goodlow and
Avons,;of Unhin City, toakherinto-a field aud whipped
her. A freedman named Callum was -whipped by a
man namedSfcjwi'I.ey for saying that.he had iought in
the Union army. A Mr. "jRoscol, bounty" trustee, has
beeiipersistently persecuted by a gang of desperadoes
ibecause he was prominent in :dofendii$g the Union,
andhaibeen shot, at several times while sitting in his
house. About a dozen hullet holes may'he seen in
his door. At Troy fche.freedmen are getting on pros-
perously-and have no complaints to make. The feel-
ing of hostility toward northern men at this plaee,
the-captain reports, ismore bitter even than at Union
,Gity; .Loyal citizens are waylaid and shot, and the
ruffians escape puni&hment. A man named Haneook
wat. culled out of church, where he had-just expe-
rienced religion, by a Dr. Mai'shaHgwhotold trim-two
persons .outside wished to see him. When he had
gone a «hort distance two men named Carrutb^ra
attacked and severely heat him with clubs because
Hancock woro a Federal uniform coat. Several other
eases of outrage of an aggravated character.-and-even
murder, are reported by Captain Kendrick, and.those
who are thus maltreated d-are not utter a word of
-complaint-through fear of the desperadoes, flexee-
ommends that a detachment of troops bo "perma-
nently stationed in this county, and says that mat-
ters will grow worse instead of better until it ia
done."
I find in the morning papers the following
letter, which explains itself:
Headquarters Department of the South,
Charleston, South Carolina, January 10,1867.
General: According to tin article in the Charles-
ton Daily News of this morning, it appears that the
jail at Kingstree, South Carolina, has been destroyed
by fire, and twenty-two colored prisoners smothered
or burned to death, while the only white prisoner
was permitted to escape. The article states that the
jailer, who had the keys, refused to open the doors
without the authority of the sheriff, and the sheriff
refused to act without the orders-of the lieutenant
commanding the troops at Kingstree, This statement
presents a degree of barbarity that would appear in-
credible except in a community where ho value is
placed upon the lives of colored citizens. Thegeneral
commanding directs that you cause an immediate
and thorough investigation of this affair; that in the
mean time you arrest the sheriff and jailer, and if the
facts prove to be as stated, that you hold them in
military confinement, under the charge of murder,
until the civil .authorities shall be ready and willing
to try them.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. CLOUS,
Brevet Captain and First Lieutenant Sixth Infantry,
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
Brevet Major General II. K. Scott,
Com. Mil. Com., South Carolina.
I might fill pages with similar testimony, but
it is not required.
It is too evident that when you strip a man
of all means of sel£-defensc, either through
the courts or the laws, deprive him of educa-
tion and leave him to the mercy of his fellow
men, he must suffer all the pangs which our
unworthy human nature is capable of inflicting.
Who is there believes that man can safely
intrust himself solely and alone to the mercy
of his fellow man ? Let such a one step for-
ward and select his master! Let him in the
wide circle of the world choose out that man-
pure, just and humane—upon whose vast, all-
embracing charity he can throw the burden of
his life. Alas! there is no such man.
Life is a perpetual struggle even under the
most favorable circumstances,- an unending
fight of man against man,
" For some slight plank whose weight will bear but
one!"
And occasionally how monstrous and horrible
are the giant selfishnesses which start up under
our feet like ghouls and affrights !
History is the record of the gradual amelio-
ration of deep-rooted, ancient injustice. What
a hard, long, bloody, terrible fight it has been!
But for the fact that our national organization
rests upon a basis of new colonizations we
would not possess the large measure of liberty
we now enjoy; we would be as are the old
lands of the world, still weighed down by the
burdens of feudality and barbarism. But being
peopled by the overflowings of the poor labor-
