1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&25
rule and military authority that you will now
substitute for your written Constitution, the
best the world has ever seen, exclusive mili-
tary authority. Is this what gentlemen desire?
Can it be that they have come to this? Is it
strange that they doubt, that they hesitate, that
they cannot come up witR entire unanimity to
the support of this terrible, this monstrous
proposition? It would be strange indeed if
they could.
Do gentlemen expect that the people On
whom this despotic, this tyrannical measure is
to be imposed will submit tamely? That they
will bear uncomplainingly this kind of rule for
an indefinite period of time? Do you expect
that quiet, good order, peace, and amity will
come out of such laws and impositions as this?
1 tell you, gentlemen, that if blood does not
flow again, if war does not again rage in this
land, it will be no fault of this measure or of,
those who support it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has fifteen min-
utes remaining.
Mr. STEVENS. The pressure for speaking
is so great that I propose that, by unanimous
consent, thirty minutes more be allowed for
debate, aud that then absolutely" the vote shall
be taken.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that there
are gentlemen on this side who desire to speak
on this bill. If the gentleman will consent to
postpone the vote uutil after the morning hour
to-morrow, allowing this evening to be occu-
pied in debate, giving this side of the House
its fair proportion of the time, the vote can be
taken to-morrow without the least difficulty
from gentlemen on this side. All that we ask
is a liberal allowance of time for debate. 1
hope the gentleman will eonsentto the arrange-
ment 1 suggest. As yet, out of two hours de-
bate, but twenty minutes has been allowed to
this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is now exhausted,
except the remaining fifteen minutes of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
who, having reported the bill, is entitled to
close the debate. It will require unanimous
consent to extend the time for thirty minutes
or for the evening.
Mr. IIISE. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it is
almost unnecessary for me to ask the indul-
gence of the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
but I desire an opportunity to occupy some
short time 
The SPEAKER, How much time does the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] desire?
Mr. HISE. Twenty or twenty-five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. lu order that there may be
no trouble, I propose that one hour longer be
allowed for discussion, extending the debate
till nine o'clock.
Several Members. That will do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] proposes that debate be
extended until nine o'clock, and that then the
vote be taken.
Mr. ANCONA. The question had better go
over till to-morrow.
The SPE A KER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Axcona] objects.
" Mr. LE BLON D. By permission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania I will say that in the
single hour which he proposes to allow, gentle-
men on this side cannot be heard. I am sure
that the gentleman will reach a vote much more
quickly by permitting reasonable debate upon
this bill than by hastening it in this way. I
hope the gentleman will, on consideration,
allow the question to go over till to-morrow,
permitting this evening to be occupied in de-
Date; and thus, when the time comes, the vote
can be taken without any obstacle from this
side of the House.
Mr. HiSE. I ask the indulgence of the
House to occupy some twenty or thirty min-
utes on this question. I have no desire to
obtrude myself upon the House ; but this ques-
tion is now presented in a new aspect.
Mr. SLOAN. > I will objeet to any extension
of time for debate unless speeches be limited
to ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to have any
contest about this matter; and I will now pro-
pose that we meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow
morning and take the vote immediately after
the reading of the Journal. This arrangement
will leave the whole of this evening for debate.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think that will be ac-
ceptable to this side of the House.
Mr. SLOAN. Under this arrangement I
withdraw my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield for ten minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano.]
Mr.^DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I have not
participated, as the House will bear me witness,
in any of the discussions upon the subject em-
braced in this bill during the present session.
I do not propose to obtrude my views to-night
upon this House with any expectation that
what I can say will change the opinions of
members, but I desire as well as I may in the
time allotted me to say upon what reasons I
place my vote in favor of this measure.
I find, sir, on looking over my country ten
States without governments that securc life,
liberty, and property. I find in those Slates
twelve million people, where law and order
have ceased to reign, and have given place to
disorder, anarchy, and confusion. I observe
in those States a division of the people into
two classes of different races, one once a race
subjugated to the other, but, thank God, under
the dispensations of ITis providence, made free,
and free forever. And, sir, I find existing
there an alienation of feeling between these
two populations so nnhomogeneous that this
once subjugated race is not protected in its
rights and privileges.
I find, also, the white race divided by the
line of loyalty—one part of it, and that the
greatest in numbers, hitherto disloyal, and the
other loyal. 1 find the heretofore subjugated
race and the loyal white people subject to the
arbitrary and uncontrolled will of those who
have heretofore been and now are the domi-
nant party. I find, sir, the governments set up
in these States for this population incompe-
tent to protect life, liberty, and property, or
to give such "security for these as freemen
ought to have. I ask myself what, under such
circumstances, ought to be done? I discuss
not to-night the right or the power of the
President to establish such governments as are
there ; whether they be legal or illegal affects
not the observations I have to make. For
argument's sake I will admit these govern-
ments to be legal; but I say if they are legal
they do not give such security as the American
Government must give in order to have Ameri-
can institutions respected.
What, then, is to be done? The earth drinks
daily the blood of murdered citizens, the prop-
erty of men daily is destroyed by illegal com-
binations of men, and the wicked, blood-thirsty
passions of malignant men break through the
feeble barrier of cruel authority and trample
down the rights of freemen. What, then, is
our duty? The people of the United States
have said to these people heretofore, You may
return to the Government of the United States
and be restored to your former privileges if
you adopt an amendment to the Constitution
submitted by the American Congress to the
States for ratification. Twenty five million
people have approved and ratified this plan,
and these insurgent rebel States have spurned
this plan and hurled it forth in defiance, and
have set up lawlessness and rapine and mur-
der throughout their borders. Thus I find my
country.
I find here to-night, the American people,
by their Representatives, charged with the duty
of establishing governments that will secure
life, liberty, and property in these disordered
and chaotic communities. Are we incompe-
tent to the trust ? Must we let this lawlessness
and anarchy reign triumphant and forever ? If
we do, we are disgraced before the American
people and before the world.
I say, then, this bill goes to this people and
says, "You have hitherto hurled from you the
mild and generous propositions we have hith-
erto submitted ; and we say to you once again,
take those propositions and adopt them, and
give suffrage to all your people, or take the
sword." Do you call this tyranny? When
terms of unmerited mercy and" forbearance are
offered to an offending people in order to re-
store concord, peace, security, and prosperity,
do you call that tyranny? I call it d\ity that
the people demand at the hands of this Con-
gress. The people implore us to do something
that law, order, and security may take the
place of discord and violence, of chaos and
murder.
Is there any doubt, sir, as to onr duty?
And I pray gentlemen, if you take not this
bill, although in all its parts it does not suit
you, what are you likely to give the American
people? Nothing, my colleague says, noth-
ing; and echo answers nothing from all parts
of the country. I will not return to my con-
stituents admitting that I have failed to try'to
do something in this great trial of the nation.
It is not for rebels that I legislate ; it is not for
the right of those who have sought to destroy
this Government that I extend mercy ; but it
is for the liberties, rights, and welfare of my
country, for all parts of it. All over the land
it is demanded of us that we make law take
the place of anarchy. It is the demand of the
people, and upon the platform which they have
adopted I take my stand, namely, the consti-
tutional amendment with universal suffrage
now added. I dare stand there, asking this
House and the country if anything better has
been offered or can be done? I do not claim
that this bill is perfect in all its parts. It is
hardly possible in a House of intelligent, free,
independent, thinking men, such as are here,
that a measure of this kind should meet the
approbation of all. But 1 pray you, gentle-
men, ask yourselves this question: is not this
the best that we can hope for, expect, or ob-
tain now? And is it not the part of wisdom
always in every step in life to do the best we
can ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I trust I shall be pardoned
for occupying two minutes more.
Mr. STEVENS. I would grant it but I have
promised to yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Hisby] all the time I have left.
While I am up I will make a motion 'that
speeches be limited to fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I think that is hardly
fair to this side.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to suspend
the rules, so as to limit debate to fifteen minutes
each.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the objection
if the gentleman insists, but there are^ only
three or four who want to speak on our side.
'The SPEAKER. There being no objection
speeches will be limited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
desire to allude to one topic that has been
introduced into this discussion. I think it
does not belong to it. I act upon the dictates
of duty, without reference to any individual
man on this earth, relative to this measure.
I desire to say, however, that I re'gard the will
of the people of this country as the supreme
power and authority of the land, to which all
must bow, and which all must obey. And, sir,
I claim for this sovereign will the right, when
it is offended and obstructed by the misfea-
sance or nonfeasance of any officers in any
branch of the Government, to call for such
punishment as the law and the Constitution
authorize and permit. And whoever stands
in the way of the sovereign will of the nation,
while she is working out through toil, trial,
and blood her regeneration, her emancipation,
her freedom—whoever, I say, dares to stand
boldly and persistently in the way of that will,
defying aud refusing it obedience, subjects
himself to the constitutional, lawful, and right-
1 eous punishment which all sucll offenders
