1867.
mi CONGRESSIONAL" ©LOSS.
561
ing people of Europe, who left the errors ami
prejudices of the Old World in mid-ocean, we
have started upon our career of national great-
ness on the grand basis of the perfect political
equality of all men.
We cannot fail to recognize the all-fashion-
ing hand of Gcd as clearly in this sublime dec-
laration as in the geologic eras, the configura-
tion of the continents, or the creation of man
himself. What a world of growth has already
budded and flowered and borne fruit from this
seed! What an incalculable World of growth
is to arise from it in the future!
Now, then, comes the question to each of us,
by what rule shall we reconstruct these pros-
trated and well nigh desolated States? Shall
it be by the august rule of the Declaration of
Independence; or shall we bend our energies
to perpetuate injustice, cruelty, and oppres-
sion ; and make of this fair Government a
monstrosity, with golden words of promise
upon its banners, a fair seeming upon its sur-
face, but a hideous and inhuman despotism
within it; the Christianity and civilization of
the nineteenth century crystalized into a nation
with Dahomey and Timbuctoo in its bowels!
A living lie, a rotten pretense, a mockery, and
a sham, with death in its heart.
There are but two forms of government in
the world: injustice, armed and powerful and
taking to itself the shape of king or aristocracy;
and, on the other hand, absolute human justice,
resting upon the broad and enduring basis of
equal rights to all. Give this and give intelli-
fence and education to understand it and you
ave a structure which will stand while the
world stands. Anything else than this is mere
repression, the piling of rocks into the month
of the volcano, which sooner or later will fling
them to the skies.
What is this equality of rights? It is the
prescribing of a limit to human selfishness.
It is the hospital measure which gives so many
feet of breathing space to each man in the
struggle for life. I must not intrude upon my
neighbor's limit nor he upon mine. It is uni-
versal selfishness regulated by a sentiment of
universal justice; fair play recognized as a
common necessity. Break down this barrier
and the great waves sweep in and all is anarchy.
Hear Motley's description of society in the
ancient time, ere this principle arose " to curb
the great and raise the lowly:"
" The sword is the only symbol of the law, the
cross is a weapon of offense, the bishop a consecrated
pirate, and every petty baron a burglar: while the
people alternately the prey of duke, prelate, and
seignior, shorn and butchered like sheep, esteem it
happiness to sell themselves into slavery, orto huddle
beneath the castlc walls of some little potentate for'
the sake of his wolfish protection."—llitte of the Butch
Republic, p. 14.
Sir, all history teaches n« that man would be
Safer in the claws of wild beasts than in the
uncontrolled custody of his fellow-men. And
ean any man doubt that he who lives in a com-
munity arid has no share in the making of the
laws which govern him is in the uncontrolled
custody of those who make the laws? The
courts simply interpret the laws, and what will
it avail a man to appeal to the courts if the
laws under every interpretation are against
hirt ? Set a man down in the midst of a com-
munity, place the msft-k of Cain upon his brow,
declare him an outlaw, take from him every
protection, and you at once invite everything
base, sordid, and abominable in human nature
to rise up and assail him. Is there any man
within the sound of my voice who thinks so
highly of our common humanity that he would
dare trust himself in snch a position for a day
or for an hour'/ But if to this you superadd
the fact that the poor wretch so stripped of all
protection was but the other day a bondman,
and was forcibly wrested from the hands of his
master, and that to the common sordidness of
our nature must be added the inflamed feelings
growing out of a long civil war and the wrath
and bitterness begotten of disappointed cupid-
ity, you have a condition of things at which the
very soul shudders. But this is not all; you
must go a step further, and remember that the
poor wretch who thus stands helpless, chained,
39th Cosg. 3d Sb3s.—No. 36. "
and naked in the midst of his mortal foes was
our true, loyal, and faithful friend in the day
of our darkness and calamity; and that those
who now flock around him like vultures gather-
ing to the carnage were but the other day our
deadly enemies and sought our destruction and
degradation by bloody and terrible means.
Sir, I say to you that if, in the face of every
and statesmanship, we abandon these poor
wretches to their fate, the wrath of an offended
God cannot fail to fall upon the nation.
There never was in the history of the world
an instance wherein right and wrong met so
squarely face to face and looked each other so
squarely in the eyes as in this matter. Never
did truth array herself in sueh shining and
glorious habiliments; never did the dark face
of error look so hideous and forbidding as in
this hour. And yet in the minds of some we
find hesitation and doubt.
I cannot but recur to a famous parallel in
history.
On the 22d of January, 1689, the English
Parliament assembled to decide upon the most
momentous question evfer submitted to that
body. The king, James II, hadfled the realm ;
the great seal of royalty had been thrown into
the Thames; William had landed; the nation
was revolutionized.
The great debate commenced. On the one
side was the party of human liberty striving to
cast down forever a dynasty strangely devoted
to tyranny and absolutism; striving to make
plainer the doctrine that the king reigned by
virtue of the consent of his subjects. On the
other hand were arrayed all the evil forces of
the time and all the restraints of conservatism.
In precisely the same temper in which it is
now argued that a State can do no wrong, and
that under no circumstances can it cease to be
a State, it was then argued that, although the
king had fled the land and was at the court of
Prance, nevertheless the magistrate was still
present, that the throne, by the maxim of Eng-
lish law, could not be vacant for a moment;
and that any Government organized to act dur-
ing the king's absence must act in the king's
name.
It was most plain that the liberty, the pros-
perity of England c<JtTd only be secured by the
deposition of James; and yet those who sought
by direct measures to reach that end were en-
countered at every step by a mass of technical
objections. The musty precedents of the law,
a thousand years old, were raked up; and
texts of the Holy Book were called into the
defense of royalty as liberally as we have seen
them in our own day paraded in defense of
slavery. St. Paul's injunction to the Romans
to obey the civil power, played as important
a part in those debates as the texts of Ham
and Onesimus have played upon the floor of
this House.
Either the liberty of England must have
perished, encumbered in this mass of prece-
dents and technicalities, or the common sense
of ®>gland must reach its own safety over the
whole mass' of rubbish. The common sense
at England triumphed. James having fled
he was declared to have abdicated the throne,
and the throne being vacant Parliament as-
serted the right to fill it.
Now, in like manner at this day the resolute
common sense of the American people musfr
find its way out of the entanglements that
surround it and go straight forward to its own
safety.
The purpose of government is the happiness
of the people, therefore of the whole people.
A Government cannot be half a republic and
half a despotism—a republic just and equable to
one elass of its citizens, a despotism cruel and
destructive to another elass; it must become
either all despotism or all republic.
If you make it all republic the future is plain.
All evils will correct themselves. Temporary
disorders will subside; the path will lie wide
open before every man, and every step and
every hour will take him farther away from
tefeness. Givethe vs# and
yoa give tight to aid in making ih^ i$ws;
the laws being made by all will be tot the ben-
efit of all; the improvement and advancement
of each member of the community will be the
improvement, and advancement of the whole
community.
Dealing with men, with all the attributes of
men, with the souls, hearts, and minds of men,
it is contemptible to attempt to turn justice
aside by appeals to the color of the skin. At
what precise point of the mingling: of complex-
ions shall these statesmen drive the stake and
say, Thus far is man and beyond is brute; here
human rights begin and there they terminate I
What chemist shall analyze the mixture of man
and beast, and tell us what fraction of an im-
mortal soul is possessed by sueh a one ? Or
how many mulattoes go as component parts to
make up one soul in heaven?
Sir, such a doctrine is too monstrous for con-
sideration ! The earth is God's, and all the
children of God have an equal right upon its
surface; and human legislation which would
seek to subvert this truth merely legislates in-:
justice into law; and he who believes that in-
justice conserves the peace, order, or welfare
of society has read history to little purpose.
Let us then go straight forward to our duty,
taking heed of nothing but the right. In this
wise shall we build a work in accord with the
will of Him who is daily fashioning the world
to a higher destiny; a work resting at no point
upon wrong or injustice, but everywhere repos-
ing upon truth and justice ; a work which all
mankind will be interested in preserving in
every age, since it will insure the increasing
glory and well-being of mankind through all
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, it is of
little avail, idle perhaps, to attempt any resist-
ance of a caucus measure of th6 majority of
this House. But it is hard, sad to Stand Silently
by and see the Republic overthrown'. It is
indeed appalling to those accustomed from
early childhood to revere and love the Consti-
tution, to feel that it is in the keeping of those
having the power and determination to destroy
it. Good men, patriots, have hoped that the
mad passions of the war would ere two years
had passed been succeeded by the spirit and
temper that characterized those whd origin-
ally formed the Union. But how great and
sad their disappointment must be seqn in the
destructive and revengeful measures now ]
ing in this House. With the passage
bill must die every hope and vestige of
government of the Constitution. Never was
there a measure or movement fraught with
such fearful and fatal consequences to the
Republic. It is indeed the final breaking up
and dissolution of the Union of the States by
the usurpation and revolutionary act of Con-
gress. If the bill itself does not on its face
and in express words recite the fact the speech
o-f the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who introduced and has'.the manage-
ment of it, plainly declares that it is revolu-
tionary in spirit and purpose. No rebel to this
Government, north or south, ever called with
mote bitter hate, scorn, and contempt for
forces of revolution tti unite and rally to over-'
throw it. No leader ever had more supple and
willing followers, none was ever more com-
plete master of the situation. His word is
law, his call will be obeyed. Hear him as
reported in the Globe:
" May I ask, without offense, will Congress have the
courage to do its duty? Or will it be deterred by the
clamor of ignorance, bigotry, and despotism from per-
fecting a revolution begun without their consent, but
\frhich ought not to bo ended without their full par-
ticipation and concurrence? Possibly tne' people
would not have inaugurated this revolution to cor-
rect tho palpable incongruities and despotio provis-
ions of the Constitution; but having it forced upon
them, will they be so unwise as to suffer it to subside
without erecting this nation into a perfect Republic?"
He need not hare asked, " Will Congress have
the courage?" The majority will surely follow
their bold and daring leader even into revolu-
tion :
"Will it be deterred by the clamor of ignorancs,
