1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
deserve and which they shall receive. So long
as the liberties of this country are preserved
so long the will of this mighty people will be,
under legal and constitutional restraints, the
supreme law and the supreme power of the
land. And no decisions of courts that violate
this well-established will, as thus defined, no
action of man or men that defies it, can fail to
reap the righteous retribution which may be
authorized by the legal and constitutional pro
visions-of the country. .
I should not have alluded to this subject had
it not been, as I thought, unnecessarily drawn
into this discussion. All men must move on
in the execution of law under the Constitution
in conformity to the sovereign will and power
of the nation, yielding obedience under con-
stitutional provisions to that power, and then
we shall rebuild a nation's shattered edifice,
we shall renew the torn down columns of lib-
erty, and we shall have a government the
terror of tyrants and the pride and glory of all
its inhabitants. That destiny God has marked
out for us as a people, and we shall reach it;
it may be through trials and with delays, but it
will come and is coming to the relief of those
who are now downtrodden and oppressed,
without^law, without protection; it will come
to cast its shield over every person, high or
low, rich or poor, learned or ignorant, in this
great nation.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield the remainder of
my time, which is only five minutes, to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Hioby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker I could not let
this measure go to a vote without expressing
my views in regard to it very briefly. I find
that on this side of the House we are very
much divided. To the bill as it went from the
House the Senate lias added an amendment.
That amendment is not an original proposition.
It is in substance the proposition that was re-
jected by this House before the bill was sent
to the Senate ; and wo are told by several gen-
tlemen on this side of the House that we must
uecept this or we will get nothing during this
session of Congress. That is literally an
attempt on the part of men who make the dec-
laration to support the Senate in forcing down
our throats what we rejected when we were
tiding upon this bill the other day. We are
told that in delianco of the course we pursued
wo must take what wo rejected or we can get
nothing whatever. Mr. Speaker, if in my con-
science 1 could vote for this bill with the amend-
ment that the Senate has appended to it, I
would do it, but so long as my conscience will
not approve of it, all the Senates on God's
earth will not force itdown my throat. [Laugh-
ter. J
The SPJ5A KER. The language of the gen-
tleman is scarcely respectful to a coordinate
branch.
Mr. IIIGBY. A little out of order. [Laugh-
ter.] Well, 1 will take it back. I only made
the remark in answer to the position that has
been taken by members on this side of the
House, if they had not taken that position I
would not have made the remark.
The SPEAKEIt. No gentleman is expected
to say that any number of Senates could not
choke down this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. HIGBY.^ I did not say choke down the
House, but it is Asking all the member* of
this House to swallow it. [Laughter.]
lhe SPEAKER. The gentleman under-
stands that the courtesies of each branch must
be observed.
.Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, we have been
fighting through the Thirty-Ninth Congress
against the proposition that those who were in
rebellion against this Government should not
aid m organizing it in those States where they
had been disorganized. That is the position,
that is one great cardinal principle that we
have been contending for since the commence-
ment of this Congress. If we might take the
declarations of members of this House, we
have been uniform in that declaration.
But, sir, what do we see now ? A large num-
ber ready to retreat from the position they
occupied and accept the proposition contained
in this bill as it comes to us from the Senate,
allowing all the rebels to vote in the reorgani-
zation of the southern States. It is against
that proposition that I must give my vote. I
never can consent to it, and for the simple
reason that I think it would hazard the condi-
tion of the loyal men of the State and put
them in a position where they never shall be
placed with my consent. I will do anything to
protect them, but I will do nothing to hazard
their condition. I think the effect of this
proposition in many of these States will -be
that the loyal people will be overwhelmed;
for I have no doubt there are some of these
States where, even if you take all the loyal
blacks and loyal whites, the rebel population
is sufficiently powerful to overwhelm them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE addressed the House.
[His speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, I beg the atten-
tion of the House, nay I entreat the attention
of the House to the few remarks I shall have
an opportunity of submitting on this occasion.
I have hitherto, when I have treated this sub-
ject, been cut off in the midst of my speeches
in such manner as to have left unsaid some
of the most important points. I hope, there-
fore, the House will keep in order.
Mr. Speaker, this important subject is now
presented to the House for its action in a very
different attitude than ever before. The House
passed a bill the substancc of which was simply
to overthrow the State governments and the
State laws of ton States of this Union, and to
impose upon them a government under a sin-
gle military chief to be clothed with ample mil-
itary power and authority to govern those ten
States, or the people of those ten States, with-
out any restriction or limitation on his power
of government as is contained in the constitu-
tion and the laws_of the States themselves, or
without being limited or controlled by the Con-
stitution or the laws of the United States. In
other _ words, the House passed a bill com-
manding the General of the Army to place at
the head of live military districts, embodying
in _ these districts these ten States, a military
chief to rule, control, and govern regardless
of local laws or constitutions, and regardless
of the laws and Constitution of the United
States.
The question is now presented in a very
different form. The military bill has under-
gone two very material and radical changes
by the action of the Senate. The Senate has
struck out the words " General of the Army"
and inserted these : " President of the United
States.'] I therefore suppose it was in con-
templation and was designed in framing the
military bill by the gentleman here to set up
these military despotic governments over these
five military districts in such manner, and to
bo wielded through such sources as to make
~ ~ I) LI VIA L3V/UJ. 0>0 l/V lUlUYC
them independent of the executive head of
the Government of the United States. 'rim™
other motive for
-   - There
could have been no other motive for giving
the appointment of these five despots, these
five tyrants in regard to authority, to the Gen-
eral of the Army; whether they may be tyrants
in disposition or not would have to be ascer-
tained by the sore experience of this people
after they were placed under their dominion ;
and that they intended and expected to place
the despotic governments of these districts
under ehiefs to be totally independent of the
President of the United States, is perfectly
manifest.
Some gentlemen in the course of the discus-
sion admitted the President was the constitu-
tional head of the Army ; that the President
was by the Constitution the supreme com-
mander of the military and naval forces of
the United States ; but notwithstanding that
admission they at the same time declared they
dared him to exercise his power in the prem-
ises; that he would not dare and would be
afraid to assume to contravene or to oppose
himself to the wilj of the sovereign Legislature
of the Union by assuming to control the Gen-
eral of the Army in his discretion in the ap-
pointments to be made of these military chiefs.
By the action of the Senate the words " Gen-
eral of the Army" were struck out and " the
President of the United Stutes" inserted.
We might have some fessaranee from the
known character of the President of the Uni-
ted States, from his temper and disposition,
from the evidenoe furnished by his conduct and
life as a public man, that he would not play
the tyrant himself; that he would not be willing
to see the lives, properly, and liberties of the
people of these ten States depredated upon
and the local laws and governments unlawfully
invaded and overthrown; and therefore we
could rely upon his supreme authority, although
unlimited, to check and control the local chiefs
in each of these districts if they attempted to
exercise power unlawfully, arbitrarily, and
contrary to the guards and restraints of the
Constitution of the United States, in order to
save the life, liberty, and property of the citizen.
But, sir, although they have substituted the
name of the President in place of that of the
General of the Army, nevertheless when these
men are appointed it is not provided they may
be removed or their commissions revoked for
the exercise of any power, ho.wever unlawful
or tyrannical, not even for the commission of
the crimes of murder, rapine, and arson, crimes
which have ever stained the annals of military
dominion over an unarmed people, deprived
of the means of resistance or of self-defense.
The bill supposes that until Congress shall
declare that those States are in the Union and
entitled to representation under the provisions
of the last section of this bill these military
chiefs, oncc inaugurated and installed, are to
bo kept in power ad libitum, without any inter-
ference on the part of the President of the
United States, and without any power existing
anywhere to remove them or punish them or
hold them responsible in any way for any or
all the atrocities they may commit; that they
shall continue in the exercise of this irresponsi-
ble power until they are superseded by the
declaration of Congress that those States are in
the Union and entitled to representation; which
declaration is contemplated to be made at
some indefinite future time. Now, let us con-
sider the character of this measure. The small
body of Democrats and States Bights men on
my side of the House have been considering,
and I myself have been deliberating upon it,
what we should do under these circumstances.
In this amended bill they have struck out
that portion of one of the sections which, in
express terms, suspended this writ of habeas.
corpus, sanctified as it has been by the great
men of the past, who, in framing our Constitu-
tion, provided that it should never be sus-
pended except in case of invasion or insurrec-
tion when required by the public safety. Those
are the only cases in which they authorize the
suspension of that writ. I have examined this
bill very carefully, and I say that it is a delusion
to suppose for a moment that, the writ of habeas
corpus can be used under it for the protection
of the rights or liberties of the citizen. Why?
Because the authority of each military chief
put in command there is omnipotent as far as
human power can be made omnipotent. It is
not circumscribed in any way; there is no
responsibility imposed upon him; it is not said
that if he is guilty of this, that, or the other
abuse of power he shall be liable to be punished
by removal or by the judgment of civil or mil-
itary tribunal; there is no provision whatever
of this kind; and consequently he has a right,
under this bill, to take all cases from the civil
tribunals and send them for trial to the military
tribunals if he chooses to do so.
It is plain that under such a system the writ
of habeas corpus cannot really exist; because
even if the civil tribunals are not entirely abol-
ished, they will exist only at the will of the
military tyrant in command, and it is but rea-
sonable to presume that they will be controlled
or influenced by him in the judgments they
pronounce in any eases that may be brought
