2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the third regiment of New Hampshire volttn-
A bill (S. No. 532) for the relief of the in-
habitants of cities and towns upon the public
lands;
A bill (S. No. 543) to abolish and^ fofeVfcr
prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
of New Mexico and other parts of the United
States:
A bill (S. No. 503) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment for debt;
A bill (S. No. 576) relating to appeals and
writs of error to the Supreme Court;
A bill (S. No. 577) to regulate the disposi-
tion of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to
the customs, and for othet purposes;
A bill (S. No. 578) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes;"
A bill (S. No. 595) to regulate the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
Freedmen's Bureau;
A bill (S. No. 603) to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands;
A bill (S. No. 614) authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to transfer the United States iron-
clad Onondaga to George Quintard, of New
York;
A bill (S. No. 620) for the relief of Joshua
H. Butterwortb;
A bill (8. No. 825) tt> Attend au act entitled
"An act concerning the fire department of
Washington city," approved February 18,1867 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 66) for the
relief of Joseph R. Morris ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) for the
relief of certain enlisted men of the seventh
regiment of West Virginia volunteers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) for the
relief of Dyer B. Pettijohn;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 176) relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury of the city
of Boston; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) concern-
ing the right of way for the survey and con-
struction of an inter-oceanic ship-canal through
the Isthmus of Darien.
naVal laws.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill of the Senate No. 509, to amend cer-
tain acts in relation to the Navy, reported them
with the recommendation that the Senate agree
to the same; and the amendments were con-
curred' in.
rescue 01' the chew 01' tiif, e. ii. fitler.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 283) authorizing the
Secretary of State to present to Captain James
G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria, a gold
chronometer in token of appreciation of his
services in rescuing from death the master,
officers, crew, and passengers on board of the
American brig E. H. Fitler, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
compensation for enlisted slaves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 235.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that will not be done.
I made a motion before your predecessor re-
tired from the chair to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business, whieb I with-
drew under the circumstances. I hope it will
not now be crowded out by any legislative busi-
ness. I therefore renew the motion to go into
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution to which
I have called attention is one from the Honse
of Representatives, which I think ought to pass
promptly. It is a resolution to which I nave
called attention in the Senate more than once,
suspending the action of certain commissioners
Who are assessing damages to persons claim-
ing to be the loyal owners of slaves who en-
tered the Union Army. The law providing
for the payment to the masters for their slaves
who entered our service has been suspended ;
no money can be paid; but we have at this
time several boards of commissioners who are
taking testimony, as I understand, in several
of the States. Of course it is to no purpose ;
there can be no object in it, and I understand
that very great abuses are being practiced in
some of the States. I have in my possession
a letter, which I could read to the Senate if it
were not taking up too much of its time, from
the State of Kentucky, indorsed by one of the
members of the House of Representatives,
which states that in his county, a majority of
Which was secession, not one single loyal man
has made proof to claim pay for his slaves that
entered the service, but that several disloyal
owners have, and that great abuses are being
practiced by the commissioners. I think the
resolution ought to pass. It needs only the
concurrence of this body; the House have
already passed it. I have tried repeatedly to
get attention to it during the session, and once
moved it as an amendment to an appropriation
bill, but I was persuaded to Withdraw it at the
instance of the chairman of the committee who
had that bill in charge. I trust the Senate will
take up this joint resolution and pass it.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Illinois
must know very well that if he could succeed
in getting the Senate to take up that proposi-
tion it would occupy the entire session, and
he would probably get no action of the Senate
upon it before we adjourn, but it would crowd
out all other business. He Will have an op-
portunity to introduce that subject and to dis-
cuss it at the session of the Senate beginning
to-mortow. I hope the Senate will adopt the
motion I have made, to proceed to the consid- j
eration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read to the Sen-
ate the letter which I have received and to
which I have already alluded :
"X live in a county whose popnlation ia about
three fifths rebels; the greater portion of them were
once slave-owners and I do not know of a single
instance where the slave of a rebel was recruited for
the United States service but what tho former owner
is now making application for pay under the $300
act. If the Government allows tbis it is an outrage,
in my opinion. Furthermore, I by inheritance was
interested in twehty-five slaves, some of whom went
into the United States Army: but I am willing and
believe that this compensation act should be re-
pealed."
This letter is indorsed by a member of the
House of Representatives, who authorizes me
to read it, and says:
" I indorse every word he says as true."
Mr. HARRIS. I insist on my motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois give the name of the writer of the
letter?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I will give the
name of the writer of the letter—Samuel Mar-
tin—and it is indorsed by Mr. McKee of the
House of Representatives. Now, the Senator
from Kentucky has got it.
Mr. DAVIS. Neither the writer of the let-
ter nor the indorser is entitled to any trust
whatever. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator to
order. He has no right to use such language
in reference to a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will come to order. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New York to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after an hour
spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
584) for the relief of Elias Beale, late captain
of company H, eighth regiment of Tennessee
volunteer infantry ; and had also passed the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 164) supplement-
ary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in 1867, with amendments, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
COMMITTEE ON ORDNANCE.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Resolved., (the Senate concurring,) That the fol-
lowing be added to the joint rules of the tiro Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be appointed a joint commit-
tee on ordnance, to consist of three members of tho
Senate and three members of the House, to whom
shall be referred all matters in relation to ordnanco
stores which shall come in question and be referred
to them by either House; and also to report from
time to time such measures in reference to thoso
subjects as to tho said committee may seem advis-
able.
enrolled bilts signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 4G3) for the relief of Rev.
Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio ;
A bill (S. No. 606) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of causes in certain
cases from State courts," approved July 27,
1866;
A bill (S. No. 611) to extend to and for the
benefit of Eliza Wells letters-patent heretofore
issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of
Thomas D. Burrall;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) to facili-
tate the settlement of accounts of disbursing
officers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No.178) in rela-
tion to national banking associations;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) to provide
for the exchange of certain public documents;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) for the
reduction of the military reservation of Fort
Riley, and to grant land for bridge purposes
to the State of Kansas;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 283) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria, a
gold chronometer, in token of appreciation of
his services in rescuing from death the master,
officers, crew, and passengers on board of the
American brig E. H. Fitler;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) instructing
the Secretary of the Interior to order a survey
for a bridge or bridges across the Potomac ;
A bill (S. No. 509) to amend certain acts in
relation to the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 584) for the relief of Elias
Beale, late captain of company H, eighth regi-
ment Tennessee volunteer infantry;
A bill (S. No. 634) relating to brevets in the
Army of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 148) presenting
the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W. Field; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 184) authoriz-
ing Gustavus V..Fox, late Assistant Secretary
of the Navy, and the officers of the iron-clad
Miantonomah and gunboat Augusta to accept
presents tendered them by the Emperor of
Russia.
PARIS EXHIBITION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to consider and concurred in the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 164) supple-
mentary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate iu
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in 1867.
