1B28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
this House has occasioned such diversity of
opinion as the measure now before us. I there-
fore avail myself of this occasion to offer briefly
a few of the reasons which induce me to op-
pose concurrence in the Senate amendments.
The friends of the bill in its present form
claim that it is a military measure. "We
send," say they, "the bayonet to the rebel
States for the purpose of protecting our friends
and holding the rebel hordes in check until
civil government can be organized there."
But if I understand the bill- aright these gen-
tlemen are mistaken. The preamble recites
that there are "no legal State governments
existing there." If this is true, then there
has been no lawful government there since the
dispersion of the rebel army, except that de-
rived from military authority. Now, if this
be so, I ask the friends of this bill to inform
us how much greater power Congress by this
bill can confer on the President than he
has under the Constitution as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the Republic.
His power as such commander under the
Constitution, as I understand it, is unlimited
in territory the possession of which by this
Government is acquired by act of war. But
in the military provisions of this bill, if their
purpose is to accomplish anything, it would
seem that the object was rather to restrict than
to increase the military authority of the Presi-
dent, by directing him as to the manner in
which he shall exorcise it in the government
of those rebel communities.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that through the
exercise of military power proposed to be con-
ferred by this bill protection to the Union men
in the South will be secured. The answer to
ibis is that for the last, two years the President
has had lull authority and power as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army to protect the
Union people there; and what lias been the
result? For an answer it is sufficient to refer
to Memphis, New Orleans, and other cities
■•"here the rebels have been permitted to will-
fully, deliberately, in defiance of the military
power, to murder the Union citizens in cold
blood. What assurance have we that if this
bill be passed any greater protection will be
afforded to the Union people under its pro-
visions than they had under the military au-
thoiity of the Commander-in-Chief'? None, so
far as I can see.
it is also said that the bill provides for
reorganizing civil governments in the rebel
Stares, and that therefore it should be sup-
ported by the majority in this House; that it
is necessary that something should be done
to accomplish that object. But does this bill
contain any provisions compelling the estab-
lishment of civil governments in those States?
1 think not. And when my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] said that the people required
us to do something for the establishment of
civil governments in the rebel States, I was
surpiif-ed at his subsequent remarks in sup-
port of this bill. lie is known to be a thorough
lawyer and is always accurate in his statements,
and it is inconceivable to uic how he could
have been so mistaken in regard to the pro-
visions of this bill as to suppose that they
could in anyway meet or satisfy the just ex-
pectations of the loyal people, North or South,
who require that something should be done for
the protection of our friends there.
So far as it relates to the organization of
civil governments in the rebel States, the bill
is negative in all its propositions. It seems
that its supporters are willing "to permit the
rebel State governments, now in authority in
the rebel States, to continue for an indefinite
time in the future, and to continue to subject
our Union friends there to the murders, out-
rages, and persecutions they have hitherto
endured under rebel rule; that the scenes of
the 31st of July last at New Orleans shall be
reenacted whenever rebel purposes require
them; and in response to the petitions for re-
lief which are sent to us from time to lime by
our persecuted and suffering loyal friends in
the South it is proposed by this bill to permit
the rebels to continue their unlawful State gov-
ernments and to continue the murder and per-
secution of our Union friend® for an indefinite
time in the future, on condition that they, the
rebels, in consideration thereof will consent to
forego representation in Congress and thereby
leave to us the legislation for the nation; that
for this we will abandon to the rebels the unlaw-
ful government of ten States of this Union and
subject the people thereof to rebel civil rule
until the rebels are willing to reorganize their
States respectively and confer the elective
franchise upon the negroes therein, and by a
ratification of the proposed constitutional
amendment disqualify all of their rebel leaders
from holding any office under the Government
<ff the United States. It does seem to me that
it must be obvious to every one that the rebels
will never voluntarily make such a change in
their State governments, and that the logical
results of this bill, if it were enacted into a
law, would be to perpetuate rebel rule in those
States.
The preamble of the amendment now under
•onsideration recites that no legal State govern-
ments or adequate protection for life or prop-
erty exist in the rebel States.
Yet the supporters of this bill are willing to
permit these State governments that are not
legal to continue in existenee.«aud to permit
this Union to remain in its present disturbed
and disorganized condition until the rebels by
their voluntary act shall consent to restore it.
Such a course will not meet the approval of
the loyal people of the country. Our gallant
soldiers, regardless of all consequences to
themselves, dispersed and destroyed the armed
forces of the rebellion, and at the ballot-box
the people confided to us ample power and
authority to restore this Union upon a basis
of loyalty and enduring peace, and required us
to extend to the loyal people in the rebel
States full protection to person and property.
And havo we discharged this duty? On the
contrary, do we not propose by this bill to indi-
rectly acknowledge the existence of the rebel
State governments in the rebel States, to sur-
render our friends there to the tender mercies
of rebel rule, to bow down to the dust the
Union soldier and place upon his neck the
heel of the rebel he helped to conquer on the
field of battle, there to remain as long as the
rebel is willing to forego representation here?
Do gentlemen suppose that these things
will be tolerated? I tell you, no. The ma-
jority in Congress are required to take affirma-
tive action. We have the power full and ample,
and it, is our duty to exercise it. Wo should
by law confide the political power in the rebel
States to loyal hands and to none other, and
they should be protected in its exercise by the
military power of the nation. The rebels
should be disfranchised, and all loyal men in
those States should bo enfranchised by direct
legislative action. Do these things, and you
will meet, the just expectations, and comply,
with the demands of the loyal people'of the
nation.
Gentlemen say this bill is the best that we
can get. Then I prefer to take nothing, and
will trust to another Congress to do something
in the right direction. This is a retrograde
movement and is in the interest of treason and
rebellion, and I hope and trust it will get its
quietus here, and let us trust to a Congress
that not only knows what is right but has the
courage to do it. 1 yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, the bill
of the House No. 904, making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1868, and for other purposes.
military academy appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30, 1868, were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House "making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and fp.r other purposes, were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
GOVERNMENT OF INSURRECTION Alt Y STATES.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I will state in
a few words the reasons for my vote in support
of the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate. This bill declares
the governments in what are called the rebel
States are not legal governments. It is un-
doubtedly true they are not legal. They have
not been recognized by the Government of the
United States, but nevertheless they are de
facto governments. They are governments in
fact of great power, controlled by the most
astute politicians this continent has known.
These governments by this bill are recognized
or are to be recognized. The second section
declares" the military officers shall recognize
the legal tribunals. It uses the word may, but
it is to be interpreted that they shall recog-
nize, or if they do not they are to establish
tribunals of their own.
The fifth section, which comes in the form
of the amendment, speaks of a class that are
to be disfranchised because they are felons at
common law. Who makes felons at common
law? The governments in authority in these
rebel States.'
Mr. BINGHAM. The governments of the
rebel States cannot make a man a felon by
statute who is not such at common law.
Mr. BANKS. They are to make felons at
common law. Let the gentleman from Ohio
tell me who are to make felons in these States
at common law if not these de facto govern-
ments? This bill recognizes these as de facto
governments.
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield, as I have only
th ree minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman say
he objects to the disfranchisement of any man
after conviction of felony at common law?
Mr. BANKS. I do not object; but I do
object to the recognition of these de.facto gov-
ernments by these express terms.
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man, who has had full time, while I am limited
to only three minutes.
These are de facto governments. They are
recognized in the third section by the military
tribunals and in the fifth by express language.
Let me ask what are these de facto govern-
ments, and I ask the attention of gentlemen to
what I have to say. What are these de facto
governments? A provisional- governor, ap-
pointed by the President—one of them at least,
and I think more than one—informed him that
they had appointed four thousand officers to
administer the government in one of those
States. If that be true in one State, it is doubt-
less true in others; and thus there are forty
thousand officers administrating these de facto
governments in these States. And who are
they ? AH rebels, every man of them,
a, Mr. BLAINE. Did one of them hold office?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines
to be interrupted.
Mr. BANKS. And now what do we pro-
pose to do ? We prc^pose by statute to return
the initiation of civil government to these de
facto governments that are in the hands of at
least forty thousand rebels. Will any man
pretend to say that if the loyal men held these
offices they could not organize loyal govern-
ments ? And who will say that the forty thou-
