1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1329
sand rebels in power will not organize rebel
governments ? Sir, if this bill be passed, in my
belief there will be no loyal parly known, and
no loyal voice heard in any of tliese States from
Virginia to Texas.
The constitutional amendment has been
spoken of. It was indorsed by the people. It
declared two things—that the rebels shall not
have a voice, and by implication that they shall
not vote. We by statute enforce these_ two
things that are prohibited by the constitutional
amendment. We give them the right to hold
office, we recognize them when in office, and
we enfranchise every man of them for the pur-
pose of establishing a government.
I object to the military feature of the bill as
well. There is not a man in this country "who
can claim the right on the part of rebels to
initiate measures for the organization of these
governments. Everybody will admit that they
ought not to initiate them, and yet this meas-
ure confers upon them the power and recog-
nizes their right to do so. Every man in favor
of civilized institutions will concede that the
military tribunals ought not to be established
for the purpose of initiating or controlling civil
government. If we want martial law we may
accord it, but in this bill we propose to recog-
nize the military tribunal as superior to the
civil tribunal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL. If anything were necessary to
show gentlemen that it is imposiblc to obtain
by legislation all that we may desire, the his-
tory of this bill will certainly demonstrate that
fact. Almost on the first day of this Congress
a committee was appointed called the Recon-
struction Committee, to which, under' the
resolution of the House, were to be referred
all propositions brought before this body relat-
ing to the reestablishment of relations between
the rebellions States and the General Govern-
ment. To that committee every proposition of
this nature has been sent. After long and labo-
rious investigations they reported a bill at the
close of the last session. That bill was on the
Calendar during the first part of this session.
A substitute was offered by the chairman of
the committee, which, after much consideration
and numerous modifications by its author, was
recommitted to them, and out of that has
grown the proposition which we to-day are
considering. And now, after the most mature
and profound deliberation ever bestowed by
any Congress upon any question, almost at
the last day of the session we are called upon
to decide whether we will accept the proposi-
tion that is before us or go jhomc to our con-
stituents, having done nothing.
Now, sir, I prefer the proposition under con-
sideration to none at all. I would rather take
this proposition than confess that we are unable
to adopt any measure whatever. I do not pre-
tend to say that in all respects it is exactly the
thing I would desire. If I could have my own
individual notions carried out in this matter I
would incorporate, as a condition upon which
persons should vote for delegates to the con-
vention that is to frame the constitution and
for its ratification, the same qualifications that
were prescribed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of the constitutional amend-
ment, which is as follows:
" Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative m Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath as a member ol Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion againt the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
But we must yield our individual prefer-
ences, we must take what*the majority of the
House can agree upon, and as this matter has
been considered during both sessions of Con-
gress and by members of both Houses, has
been before able committees, an<L-as a last re-
sort this measure is now before us as the result
of all these deliberations, I regard it as better
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 84.
to take the proposition we now have than to
take the chances of a total failure by insisting
upon incorporating a provision which would
disfranchise a portion of the rebels, at least
the leading portion who have done us the most
harm.
But it is contended that under this bill the
rebel leaders will have control and authority.
It provides as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That when tho
people of any one of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution of government in conformity
with the Constitution of tho United States in all
respects, framed by a convention of delegates elected
by the persons who may voto upon the ratification
or rejection thereof as hereinafter provided, and
when said constitution so framed shall have been
ratified by a majority of the malo citizens of said
State twenty-ono years old and upward, of whatever
race, color, or previous condition of servitude, who
have been resident in said Stato for one year OTo-
vious to tlie day of voting on tho question of ratify-
ing such constitution, except such as may bo dis-
franchised for participation in tho rebellion or for
felony at common law, and when such constitution
shall provide that the cloctivo franchise shall be en-
joyed by all such persons as have tho qualifications
herein stated, and shall have been submitted to Con-
gress for examination and approval, and Congress
shall have approved the same, and when said Stato,
by a vote of its Legislature elected under said con-
stitution, shall havo adopted the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress,_ and known as articlo four-
teen, and when said article shall havo become a part
of the Constitution ol' the United States, said State
shall be declared entitled to representation in Cun-
gress, and Senators and Uoprcsontalives shall be
admitted therefrom on tlieir taking tho oath pro-
scribed by law, and then and thereafter tlio preced-
ing sections of this bill shall bo inoporativo in said
State.
Sis, can we not trust this Congress? Have
wo no faith in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
shall we say to the Fortieth Congress that they
are not cquallv entitled to the confidenccot the
people? Is there any danger that they will
betray their constituency? I am willing to
trust them as the people have trusted us.
Now, sir, we incorporate in the organic law
of the land a provision that forever prohibits
the specified classes from holding office unless
two thirds of Congress shall relieve them from
that disability. Wo require them to adopt that
constitutional amendment. While it is true
we permit them to vote upon these proposi-
tions, while we allow them to vote for delegates
that are to frame their State constitutions, we
require them to frame those constitutions so
as to secure certain rights and immunities to
their citizens and to perform certain conditions
which shall be acceptable to some Congress
that shall meet hereafter. Are we not sate in
leaving it to a future Congress to determine
when these conditions are complied with ?
Sir, under the very provisions of the section
above quoted the Fortieth Congress may in the
first week of its session disfranchise by law, if
we have the power to do it now, every rebel in
the disloyal States or any portion of them
which it may choose, and provide that in carry-
ing out the provisions of this bill only^ such
persons as it shall prescribe shall participate.
This power is significantly retained in the follow-
ing clause of tho section above quoted, namely,
"Except such as maybe disfranchised for par-
ticipation in the rebellion," &c. Let us not
refuse to take this step, because the next one,
so immediately within our reach, is not also to
be taken now.
More than all this: we lay the strong hand
of military power upon these spurious State
governments that have usurped powers and
established themselves in violation of law. We
sweep away by military power the governments
that have been created by executive authority
without the sanction of law, and which can
have no validity unless recognized by the Con-
gress of the United States. Tho grand ques-
tion is between permitting the Executive on
the one hand to assume this authority, bring
these governments into existence and perpetu-
ate them indefinitely; and on the other hand,
asserting the right of the legislative department
to exercise control and authority and deter-
mine when and how these States shall be re-
stored to their constitutional relations.
It is too late now to say that these States are
in all respects upon an equality with the loyal
States of this Union. That question certainly
has been decided in the negative by every
department of the Government. The Presi-
dent of the United States has so decided, the
judiciary have substantially so decided, and
the majorities in both Houses of Congress
have uniformly refused to recognize their
claims by refusing admission to their repre-
sentatives here.
Then if tliey are not States in the Union now,
entitled to all the rights of States, to whom does
it belong to say how these rights shall be re-
stored ? This bill properly says it belongs to
tlie legislative department of tho Government.
That is a most important principle asserted,
and a most important step gained. Congress
fixes the terms and proscribes the conditions,
even though those conditions may not in all
respects be entirely satisfactory to a single man
upon this floor. Shall we for ever disfranchise
all tho people in these several States? "What
will then constitute your Stato if all the peo-
ple in it are disfranchised ? Shall we disfran-
chise every man who has been in rebellion?
Where would be the renmini ng people by whom
to found your State ? With every man who lias
voluntarily participated in the rebellion dis-
franchised, there would not be a corporal's
guard of white men in each State out of which
you could framothe machinery for carrying on
the government of tho State and holding rela-
tions to the Government of the United States.
While you thus, by such indiscriminate disfran-
chisement, create an element there, large,
powerful, and ready enough at any moment with
the weight and pressure of your Government as
an excuse to resist all your efforts to crush
this rebel power and establish a loyal govern-
ment. Sir, while I would disfranchise leading
men wlio brought about and maintained tho
struggle to overthrow this Government, I would
•say to tho masses of' the people, "Wewclcome
you back to your allegiance tu the Government, 5
only do works meet for repentance and we will
extend to you the right hand of fellowship."
Now, Mr. Speaker, these objects are all
gained substantially by tho provisions of this
bill. The military power is placed there in
absolute control. It can lay its strong hand upon
the protended Stato government or on any offi-
cers at any moment and set the whole authoi;-
ity of the Stato aside. But it is said the Presi-
dent holds the power. Sir, I am glad the Senate
made that chango. 1 am opposed to doing
anything directly or indirectly against his pre-
rogative in this particular. Ho is Commander-
in-Chief of the Army. If ho sees fit to order
an officer to any particular locality or service,
that officer must obey; and I contend that it is
utterly useless to vest the power in the General
of the Army that was undertaken to be so vested
by tjic bill as it passed tho -House. That was
a feature to which I was opposed. The Presi-
dent, under tho Constitution, is superior to the
General of your Army, and if an issue is to be
had it only necessitates cither a collision be-
tween the President and the G eneral, or between
tho General and tho Congress of the United
States, which is certainly not now to be coveted.
Now, sir, this bill as it comes to us from the
Senate obviates that objection. Instead of
being purely and simply a military bill, it now
carries to tho people of the South the terms
and conditions upon which their civil rights
may be restored to them and thoy bo once
ao-ain under the protection of tlie Government
of tho United States, to assert and exorcise all
their rights. .
As there are many gentlemen who desire to
be hoard upon this question, l_liavc arranged
to yield the remainder of my time to my col-
league, [Mr. Niisiack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. How much time will that
be for me, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The _ gentleman _ [Mr.
Hill] has four minutes ot his time remaining.
Mr. NIBLACK. I can scarcely say any-
thing in the form of an argument in the short
space of four minutes. As I had an opportunity
of discussing this bill when it was iirst intro-
duced it is not necessary for me now to pass
