566
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
false premises.are easily invented. Why, they
say that this rebellion, which in its political
Organization for lour bloody years held almost
undisputed sway over a quarter .of the contin-
ent; which baffled the. craft of*our" cabinets,
and defeated, resisted, and held back almost
the^ omnipotency of our a^ms, whose armies
diiring all that time represented more material
ijiartial force and power than those of Fred-
erick the Grea,t, Alexander, or C®sar; whose
cruisers oil the high seas drove from the pro-
tection of our flag eight hundred thousand
tons of ojir shipping, sinking or burning as
many more, more than the entire mercantile
marine force of some of the first class Powers
o/ Europe, or of any State of antiquity; and.
wh.ose cruisers as lawful _ belligerents in the
exercise of a legally accredited, right anchored
-in the ports of every nation but one of the
globe; that all this has no significance above
that of individual action, nothing above a riot,
and that too, as the Governmentis administered,
not worthy the consideration of a grand jury
one hour; that all this, as the Secretary of State
dwarfs and belittles it, has no name or mean-
ing above " our recent southern political dis-
turbances," only a rude announcement of a
political difference. They would have us be-
lieve. that, having wrung from our Government
and from the civilized world the concession of
belligerents ,in war, they are not subject to all
their incidents and penalties.
And we are told by the President and his
partisans—indeed the President has made a
formal announcement of the fact—"that the
moment peace was declared the insurgent States
became rehabilitated at once and instantly re-
stored to all their former positions and rights
in the Union." But this po'sition concedes too
much. InDecember, 1865, the President senta
special communication to this House in answer
to a resolution as to " by what authority certain
State criminals were held in confinement,"
in which communication he then declares that
a state of war against the United States then
existed in all these insurgent States. This,
too, at a point of time months after these pre-
tended State governments were organized, and
they had elected Senators and Representatives
to this Congress. Thus the rights of these pre-
tended State governments and their represent-
atives are condemned by the concessions of
the logic and law of the Executive. But in all
reason if war, not insurrection, can have no
effect upon the integrity of the State govern-
ments, why should the fact of peace be required
in the work of their restoration ? What is the
necessity of any policy of "restoration" or
" reconstruction" where there has been neither
forfeiture nor destruction. Such a position has
all the illogical consequences of impossibility.
This requirement of peace which the President
considers as a condition-precedent to restora-
tion or reconstruction of these States has no
basis in fact, and if conceded as necessary
blasts his whole policy to the winds.
But, sir, one more step in the presidential
logic of reconstruction is that these insurgent
States have complied with all required con-
ditions, and therefore good faith and right en-
title them at once to admission to Congress.
Now, this placing of a single condition or lim-
itation upon tlie right of the insurgent States
to assume their former condition or relation in
the Union is a concession of the whole consti-
tutional question; I care not whether that con-
dition is loyalty or disloyalty, war or peace. If
limitations or conditions exist by what power
are they imposed ? Are they imposed by tlie
Constitution? Plainly not. They are imposed
simply by the conqueror's might. They are
imposed as a means of the public safety. Con-
cede one limitation or condition and why not
all others compatible with that safety ? Then
who is to determine their adjustment, and who
when they are satisfied? If this right is sus-
pended for a single moment where is the
power vested to revive it? Who holds this
discretion to exercise? I care not if you
hold to a pcimanent or "temporary suspen-
sion" of the right of functions of these States;
the question is still the same, where is the power
of reanimation? If the power is falsely or im-
properly exercised has the nation any appeal,
and if so, to whom? In what constitutional
forum is the ultimate decision ? The power
rests where the Constitution puts it, in the
TTnited States; not in any department of that
Government exclusively. Not in the Execu-
tive, for his power over the rebels was ex-
hausted in the proclamation of amnesty and
the signature of this pardon. That power was
a simple suspension of the right of confiscation,
extirpation, or to inflict the penalty of death.
It related to certain functions of national as
contra-distinguished from State citizenship.
Biit the disability of these States is not alone
a disability as against the national Govern-
ment, but on the contrary a primary and par-
amount disability is in the people of the State.
The rebellion was not less a rebellion against
the State than the national Government. The
first fruits of the rebellion was the subversion
of the State governments. This treason to the
State governments affected the rights of State
citizenship, and with the one fell the other. As
treason against the General Government worked
an-incapacity of the citizen as against that Gov-
ernment, so treason against the State by the
same rule works an incapacity in the citizen
of the State. Now, both this destruction of
the State government and its citizenship were
facts primarily recognized by President John-
son in his scheme of reconstruction. Thus by
proclamation he declares that his appointment
of his provisional governors is "to present
such a republican form of State government as
will entitle the State to the guarantees of the
Constitution." Were these States as States
then entitled to the guarantees of the Constitu-.
tion why then this action of the Executive?
Hence also, it is to restore State citizenship
he deems it necessary to limit, define, fix, con-
trol, and confer the elective franchise on those
who are to participate in the Government; that
peculiar endowment and right of citizenship
from which under our form of government the
State is supposed to emanate, to which it owes
its origin, and without which it could not exist
one hour. But all know that the Executive
has as much power to fix the qualification or
limit the right of a voter for a member of the
English House of Commons as for the meanest
clcetive office in the State of North Carolina.
And this is the weakness of those State govern-
ments. They are creatures of usurpation.
They'were so condemned by the best legal mind
of the South, and they have been so condemned
upon an appeal to the highest tribunal known
to our policy, the bar of the intelligent judg-
ment of the American people. And they will
forever sit under that condemnation until it
can be found that tlie whole theory of the Gov-
ernment has been perverted, and the national
Executive can bestow State enfranchisement,
can remove State disabilities, can restore the
rights of State citizenship; in a word, until
centralization shall have become the theory,
and the whole functions and powers of the State
and national Governments shall have been lost
in the brain and power of the national Execu-
tive.
This necessarily anticipates the conclusion
to which I come as to the legal condition of
the insurgent States. I assume that until they
are formally recognized and validated by Con-
gress they have no constitutional relation to
the General Government. I deny that the
Executive has any authority to reorganize a
State government or to initiate steps to that
end; I insist that the attempt so to do is an
act contrary to the theory of the Government,
against its wisest provisions, and fraught with
the greatest danger. As a practical question
the concession of their validity is a repudia-
tion of the whole results and benefits of the
war; as a constitutional question such a pre-
cedent is pregnant with evils which cast their
shadows of disaster down the whole course of
our future history. For one I shall not enter
upon such an experiment.
1 voted for the constitutional amendments of
the last session because I thought them decla-
rations of sound, necessary, and as far as they
went efficient constitutional requirements. It
was my conviction at the time that our,action
in the premises ought to have been prefaced
by a formal act or resolution of Congress
declaring the action of the Executive touching
the pretended organisation of these States if not
illegal, at least what he expressly declared it to
be, '' provisional or experimental'' only, and
"subject in its results to the approval of Con-
gress.'', This action ought now to be taken at
once. ^The sanction of time matures the great-
est aggressions and wrongs into accredited
rights.) The President now pleads the fact
that we did not declare him an usurper by the
immediate overthrow of those State govern-
ments, as a justification for his usurpation and
a vindication of his course. He tells us in his
message that "Congress failed to provide any
other plan of reconstruction." This is his
admission of our power in the premises. If
the power exists, the duty is imperative. With
such a declaration emanating from this Con-
gress, evincing its cool, settled, determined
purpose in regard to these State organizations,
you have taken the first and most efficient step in
the solution of the problem of reconstruction.
My hour would not permit me at this time to
discuss in detail all the requisite guaranties
which I think the national safety demands of
the insurgent States. .The constitutional amend-
ments submitted have already received the
sanction of the people in a contest which has
tried their honor, their integrity, and inflexible
purpose more than any since the organization
of the Government. That action is final; that
decree is irrevocable. The people are too sen-
sitive to their rights, too imperious in their high
purposes, to be thwarted in the ultimate reali-
zation of the benefits they are calculated to
bestow. Time has matured my conviction of
their propriety. Events transpiring since their
submission have convinced me of their neces-
sity.
But the manner in which these proposed
constitutional amendments have been received
by the insurgent States has demonstrated the
fact that they are superficial, and unattended
by other requirements will rather prolong than
eradicate the evils they were intended to
correct. Prompted by and acting upon the
unchecked and unrevoked authority of the
Executive, they now repudiate our overtures
and laugh our authority to scorn, and to-day
the rebellion in its ostracism of all known
friends of the Government, in its relentless
proscription of all who have adhered to its for-
tunes, in its sentiment of caste, in its State and
municipal legislation and administration, in
its animus, in its purpose to dominate the Gov-
ernment, in its all, excepting the overt act of
war, is as potent in the South as at the hour
of Sumter or at any time during the war.
The war never had any political or moral
justification other than as a means of bringing
into control of those States those who were loyal
to the Government and a proper administra-
tion of its laws. Each dollar spent, each drop
of blood spilt, each maimed or fallen hero in
that struggle, were so many pledges to the
world that the hour of the nation's victory
should be the hour of the realization of the
fact. Without this consummation the war be-
comes a murderous mockery, a wretched fail-
ure. But up to this hour how has this promise
^been kept? Witness the thousand corpses of
'loyal blacks lining the by-ways and highways
of those States, fiendishly, wantonly, and even
sportively murdered, and whose blood rests on
the skirts of that whole people, because neither
public sentiment nor law has even attempted
to bring a single perpetrator of these outrages
to justice. Ask of the loyal whites, and they
point you to the hundreds thronging this Capi-
tol demanding of us even the boon of protec-
tion. They point you to the thousands fleeing
from their homes and exiles in the land they
had sacrificed all to save. They point you to
even the grave despoiled of its trust by solemn
legislative action; to the ashes of the soldier
