1380
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
over the argument I then submitted to the
House; I stand by all I then said. All I have
since seen and heard in relation to the bill has
but confirmed me in my opinion of it.
Viewing the bill from my stand-point, I con-
fess that the bill has been much improved by
the action of the Senate; but it still retains
many of the first features to which I objected
when it was before the House for discussion
last week; and it is less consistent with any
theory of our Government, in my opinion,
than it was then. It is not now purely a mili-
tary bill, nor is it properly a measure of civil
administration. It is a most extraordinary
attempt to blend the two principles together.
It starts out with the assertion that there are
110 legal governments now existing in the lately
rebellious States. But without making any
provision by which the pretended governments,
as they are claimed to bo, which arc now there
are to be superseded by others, it leaves those
States to continue without any legal govern-
ments.
Now, as I remarked the other day, when the
bill was before the House, I think wo ought to
do one thing or the other. AVe ought either
to recognize the validity of these State govern-
ments or we ought to'conic squarely up to the
mark and take some step to supersede them
by others. To leave the southern people in
this position of suspense, without recognizing
the validity of their governments in any respect,
or providing means to secure them governments
which we will recognize, is to leave them in a
condition where they cannot tell what their
rights are as expounded by the Congress of tho
United States.
This bill provides for a kind of military pro-
bation, to last we know not how long;, to last
until these people shall have reached a condition
when they will be willing to accept any terms
which the Congress of the United States may
see lit to impose upon them; until they shall
have become broken in spirit, as they are now
broken down in many other respects. This
bill ignores utterly that theory of American
Government which was once held by all par-
ties, and up to a very recent period; the theory
that whenever tho people of any Stato come to
act upon their own domestic institutions they
are entitled to mold and form them accord-
ing to their own will and pleasure. This bill
ignores that theory of our Government, and, in
fact, recognizes tho new principle that tho Con-
gress of the' United States may prescribe to tho
people of a State, or the people of a Territory
about to become State, wliat constitution they
may adopt, and what constitution they may not
adopt for their form of State government. In
effect a constitution is proscribed to tho people
of those States by the legislative action of the
Congress of the United States. Therefore,
viowingthe subject from the most conservative
stand-point, this is an overturning and destruc-
tion of everything which heretofore we have
recognized as the rights of a State.
Mr. DAWKS. Mr. Speaker, as I find my-
self differing from two of my colleagues, [Mr.
ISoDTWKi.L and Mr. Banks,] who have ad-
dressed tho House to-day upon this subject,
and being compelled by my convictions of
duty to vote to concur rather than to non-con-
eur in the amendment proposed by the Senate
to this bill, I ask the attention of the House
for. a few moments while 1 'Itate briefly the
reasons which have induced me to disagree
with my colleagues upon this subject.
It is now nearly four years since a special
committee was appointed by this House,
charged with the special and sole duty of re-
construction ; charged at the beginning of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress with the performance
of a duty which seemed to them and to our
friends upon this side of the House to be so
pressing as to require that it should take pre-
cedence of all other business before the House.
Sir, the Thirty-Eighth Congress, although a
committee of signal ability and patriotism
addressed itself to this subject, expired with-
out the accomplishment of the purpose for
which that committee was raised. The Thirty-
Ninth Congress signalized its entrance upon
the discharge of its duties by adopting upon
the first day of its session a resolution provid-
ing for tho appointment of a joint committee
of fifteen charged with a similar duty. And
now, sir, though the last sands of that Con-
gress are now running out nothing has yet
been accomplished. Four years have thus
been spent to no purpose in this work.
Sir, these committees have died of theories,
and their works do follow tbem. I make no
imputation upon their patriotism or their abil-
ity ; but it seems to me that they have looked
less at practical issues than at theoretical
questions; have sacrificed the substance to
shadows.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether the gentleman has
the right to abuse the Committee on Recon-
struction?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman has not transgressed the rules of
debate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have no
intention or disposition to abuse that commit-
tee. Dc mortuis nil nisi bonum.
As I was remarking, the last sands of this
Congress are rapidly running out, and it ad-
mits of no doubt that we must take this bill or
none. Members of that committee and others
of our friends on this side of tho House who
are opposed to concurring with the Senate in
this amendment do not pretend that there is
the slightest probability that we can agree upon
any other bill than this. The issue is between
this bill and no bill. Hence, those who urge
us to reject this amendment of the Senate are
inviting us to close our career as a Congress,
following the Thirty-Eighth in this regard, and
say to tho people of tho country that we have
lacked tho capacity or tho disposition to do the
great work that they imposed upon us. My
colleague who addressed us this morning, [Mr.
Boutwetj,,] though for four years upon this
committee, proposes to postpone action till tho
Fortieth Congress. My colleague who has just
taken his scat [Mr. Banks] proposes nothing,
and votes against both tho House and Senate
propositions.
Sir, what are the objections to this bill in its
present shape ? Those objections come chiefly
from members of the committee who have had
this special work intrusted to them, and who
have performed it, I doubt not, to the extent
of their ability. Sir, the first objection which
was raised by my colleague, [Mr. Boutweli.,]
was founded 011 tho fact that the second sec-
tion, as amended by the Senate, is different
from its original, which I suppose was the
work of his own hands ; at least of his commit-
tee. Ho has urged us to reject this proposi-
tion because the second section has been so
amended in the Senate as to repose in the Presi-
dent that power which, by the bill of the House,
was reposed in the General of tho Army. Yet,
sir, when the original bill was under discussion
here, it was, in reply to a question of mine,
admitted upon this floor, and denied by 110 one,
that the power placed in the hands of the Gen-
eral of the Army by the second section of the
bill was virtually and legally, under the Con-
stitution, reposed in the President, and eould
not be elsewhere. Sir, the second section of
this bill, as amended by the Senate, is in its
legal effect precisely the second section as it
was sent to that body. It was not in our power,
under the Constitution of the United States,
to make the General of tho Army superior to
his Commander-in-Chief. No language which
we might select could have the legal effect to
do that. And, sir, the Senate has very prop-
erly put this section in a suitable form, corre-
sponding with its necessary legal effect. This
is all.
But my colleague [Mr. Baxks] who has just
taken his seat objects that the third section
of this bill rccognizes the existing local govern-
ments. Yet my colleague opposed the whole
bill as passed by this House and voted against
it. He now presents, as a ground for non-con-
curring with the Senate, the precise language
which was in the bill originally. A vote to
non-concur cannot change that phraseology, for
it is in both bills alike. But my colleague, as
Another ground of objection, says that the bill
in its present form proposes to qualify for office
all the men whom by the constitutional amend-
ment we propose to disqualify. Now, sir, what
is the constitutional amendment in this regard ?
The third section provides that—
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent. or hold any office, civil or military, under tho
United States, or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any Stato Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion' or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to tho enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove suoh
disability."
All this body of men, all the State Legislature,
all the judiciary, all the executive department
of each one of these States this amendment to
the Constitution disqualifies forever from hold-
ing office until relieved by Congress by a two-
thirds vote. Yet my colleague says we remove
this disqualification if we pass this bill. This bill
says when said article fourteen shall become a
part of the Constitution of the United States
said State shall become entitled to representa-
tion in Congress. It is provided that that shall
be a part of tho Constitution of the United
States, and yet my colleague says by a statute
we are going to do away with that which is
first to become a part of the Constitution of
the United States. It is the first time I ever
heard that by a statute we could repeal and
annul a part of the Constitution of tho United
States. This is what will become of the army
of four thousand office-holders; every one
disqualified by the Constitution, not by statute.
It comes to this: whether we shall give protec-
tion by the military arm to the people of ten
States; whether the horrors of rebellion, so
fully and so truthfully depicted to us by my
learned friend from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabau-
gek,] who now sits before me ; whether we
shall turn away and revel in misty theories
with which we have been afflicted for the past
four years, or take this bill which carries the
military power of this Government into those
States and plants it there for the protection
of those who have hitherto been unprotected ;
also, whether there shall be carried the olive
branch with us, whether there shall be opened
the way of deliverance from military power, or,
sir, whether we shall do nothing at all. It
comes to this; there is no other alternative;
this or none. An appeal is made to this Con-
gress to let these men go unprotected by the
military or any other arm ; that we shall turn
a deaf ear to their cries, and turn our backs
upon them.
For one I have waited long and patiently ; I
have labored not only to agree with this com-
mittee, but with its illustrious predecessor in
tho Thirty.Eighth Congress. 1 have waited
and this last bill has been brought to me. 1
am left with tho alternative to vote for this bill
or to vote for none. For one, as a Represent-
ative from Massachusetts, I cannot go homo
to ray constituents and say to them, rather than
extend the military arm to this people, and say
at the same time they may if they choose re-
lieve themselves from it by giving suffrage to
the black and adoptiag a republican form of
government securing this, you shall go un-
protected ; you all shall be at the mercy of
rebels whose red right arm is dripping with
blood of the innocent and the loyal ; I would
rather vote for this with all the criticism wo
have heard against it. Not everything I want,
hut all I can get.
Mr. ROSS. I regret, Mr. Speaker, in time
so limited we have to discuss a measure of so
much importance as the one now pending.
Instead ef calm and dispassionate consider-
ation we have to compress ourselves within
the narrow compass of a few words. It should,
sir, command the scrutiny and deliberation of
this body for weeks' instead of only for a few
hours.
