1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The reason assigned for the extraordinary
measure now attempted to be passed upon the
courts is^ that persons and property are not
secure within the jurisdiction of the United
States. This may in some degree be true, but
I trust not to the extent stated by gentlemen
upon this floor. Civil war will necessarily
draw along in its train many evils. Disor-
ganization and confusion and crime will to
some extent exist. Nor is this confined to the
southern States. Cast your eyes over every
State in the Union, you will find our peniten-
tiaries and our jails crowded. It is not an
exceptional case with reference to the south-
ern States.
We should approach the question of estab-
lishing and inaugurating military governments
within one third of the Union, over eight or
ten million people, with great caution and cir-
cumspection^ I warn honorable members that
the people of this country are not prepared to
adopt and indorse the extraordinary measure
now being pressed upon the consideration of
Congress. For my part I am willing to go to
the utmost verge of the Constitution to protect
the rights of person and property, to protect
the lives of all our people within our broad
national domain ;_ but, sir, I am not willing to
violate the Constitution of my country, which
I have sworn to support and maintain.
I am not willing, sir, to inaugurate a system
repugnant to American institutions and preg-
nant with danger to the perpetuity of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. What is the
relief that is anticipated from this extraordinary
measure? We are told that it is essential to
the security of person and property in the insur-
gent States that we should have military law,
that the civil tribunals should be subject to the
•military authorities.
Why, sir, this is the same story which wo
were told in the Thirty-Eighth Congress. Meas-
ures'were then inaugurated in the Preedmen's
Bureau and civil rights bills by which we were
told that these important ends were to be at-
tained. Now we are told that we must have
an additional bill for the attainment of the
same ends. I ask gentlemen' to say if those
measures which they have already inaugurated
have proved inefficient for the purpose con-
templated, what assurance have they that this
additional one will prove more efficient?
They tell us that the desired ends can be
secured by creating five military districts in the
ten lately insurgent States, and by authorizing
and requiring the President of the United States
to assign five generals to take command in those
districts, with as many troops as he may deem
rfecessary; but they tell us also that the Presi-
dent has failed to execute the Freedmen's
Bureau bill and the civil rights bill, and yet
they now propose to enact an analogous law,
the execution of which will be wholly within
the control of the Executive. I suppose the
reason why gentlemen on that side of the
House are willing to intrust this extraordinary
power to the hands of the Executive of the
nation is because he is their President, and
therefore they have unbounded confidence that
he will prudently and judiciously exercise the
powers they place at his disposal. For myself,
I have as much confidence in the present Ex-
ecutive as I ever could have in an Executive
belonging to the party to which I do not belong
and under their influence; but even if the Presi-
dent were of my own choice I know of no man
in whom I could have such unlimited confi-
dence as to make me willing to place the prop-
erty, liberties, and lives of eight million
Americans at the mercy of his ipse dixit. I
would never do it.
It has been charged by some gentlemen upon
the other side of the House that the President
has not carried out in good faith the laws of
this character already passed by Congress.
Now, what remedy do they propose? To dimin-
ish his power? No, but to increase it by a solemn
act of Congress authorizing him to divide the
southern States into five military districts, and
giving him power, if he cares to use it, to assign
the entire Army of the United States to ser-
1331
vice in those districts. I have confidence that
the President is true to oar institutions and to
the country; butvsupposing the theory which
prevails on the other side of the House t.o be
true—that he is not faithful to his high trust—
I ask these gentlemen are you not endangering
the perpetuity of the Government under which
we live by placing _ such extraordinary powers
in the hands of this one man, by whom they
may be wielded either for the weal or for the
woe of our common country?
Judging from the ordinary course of human
actions and events, it is to be supposed that
Andrew Johnson in assigning military men to
take charge of those military districts which
you propose to create will choose men who are
favorable to him in political sentiment; and
then what will be the result? You want to
protect the freedmen and the southern loyal-
ists; but suppose the military officer that is
assigned to command in any one of these dis-
tricts should take sides against you. How,
then, will you give these classes protection?
Suppose that the civil tribunals which these
military officers are authorized to permit to
exist should take a notion to disqualify every
individual who has been in the Union Army,
or who has sympathized with the cause of the
Union, what can you do? Your hands will be
tied by your own bill, and you and those whom
you profess to protect will be at the mercy of
military commanders, some of whom at least
are as likely to bo against you as for you.
I tell you that when you inaugurate this sys-
tem you strike down the great fundamental
principle of civil Government. I have hoped
that the extraordinary difficulties through which
this nation has been for some time passing,
might soon come to an end; but such laws as
this which you now propose to enact only tend
to increase them and to make them perpetual.
I am not one of those who believe that all
wisdom will die with the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. In a few days a new Congress is to be
inaugurated here. This question of reconstruc-
tion has been a long time before the country;
and if this measure indicates the way in which
you are going to settle it, no interest will suffer
by the further postponement of that settlement.
I have been pained and mortified to hear the
attacks that have been made here upon the
Reconstruction Committee, a committee which
has stood as the head and front of this House
for the last four years, and now none so poor
as to do them reverence. [Laughter.] Gen-
tlemen seem to emulate each other in abusing
that distinguished committee; and I greatly
fear that there is growing up among gentle-
men on the opposite side a feeling of jealousy
toward this committee and a desire to over-
throw it and usurp its powers and authority.
[Laughter.]
We are told that the constitutional amend-
ment is here again offered to the southern
States. Gentlemen know that they have al-
ready rejected that amendment; therefore why
repeat the offer? You can gain nothing in
that way. But I will point out to you in a
sentence the straight road to reunion, har-
mony, and peace. It is by going back to the
Constitution as our fathers made it, and only
using the military power when necessary to
enforce the civil law. That is the theory and
practice, and the only theory and practice,
upon which this Government can be adminis-
tered. That is the straight road; all other
ways are by-ways.
I have listened attentively to the arguments
that have been adduced by gentlemen on the
other side of the House against the adoption
of this measure, and candor compels me to
say that those arguments have carried convic-
tion to my own mind, and that I am satisfied
that the bill is fraught with evil, and evil only,
to the best interests of the country. I am
therefore happy to be able to join hands with
the patriotic and honorable men on the other
side in casting aside and trampling under foot,
this nefarious measure. Every provision of
the bill is bad. It gives to the President an'
amount of power that should never be intrusted
to the hands of any one man. Wherever it
goes into operation it entirely abrogates civil
government, and places the property, the lib-
erty, and the lives of the community at the
disposal of an irresponsible military chieftain.
I think that your southern friends, the "south-
ern loyalists," as you term them, will pray
God to deliver them from their friends if this
is the "relief" that you propose to give them
—placing them under military rule, and, if the
military chieftain pleases, under hostile civil
rule also, because, as I have already said, he
may choose to take sides against yon, and to
say to the existing civil tribunals at the South,
"Go on with your government; go on with
your administration of law" 
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from this setfatjs.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing voles of the
two Housesupon the bill to regulate the ten-
ure of certain civil offices.
government of insurrectionary states.
Mr. McRUBR. I do not belong to that
party which desires no military government
l'or the rebel States; nor do 1 belong to that
party which apparently desires nothing else
than military governments for those States.
Sir, I voted for this military bill when it
passed the House; but I did so with many
misgivings, t sought to amend it ere it left
here by an amendment substantially the same
as this which comes from the Senate; and
now, sir, [ shall support this amendment, not
because it is "better than nothing," but be-
cause it commends itselfjx) my judgment as a
good, sound, and proper~measure for the re-
construction of those States. In my humble
opinion, this is just such a measure as the
Thirty-Ninth Congress should have enacted
ere it had been one week in these Halls. I
have always asserted that it was the duty of
this Congress to place on record its ultimatum
to those southern States, to say to them," When
you conform to certain conditions," (I care not
how stringent or severe,) "when you present
yourselves in an attitude of loyalty, when you
do that which wo require you to do, then, and
not till then, shall you be permitted to partici-
pate in the political management of this coun-
try." But the Reconstruction Committee sat
six or seven months, and at the end of that
time brought in a measure which I supposed,
and which they themselves supposed, was to
be the basis of this settlement; and 1 think it
is at least disingenuous for gentlemen to come
forward now and say that it never was consid-
ered as a basis of settlement. In my opinion,
if those States had ratified that amendment
and conformed to it in every particular, when
this Congress reassembled for tliis session, their
Representatives would have been admitted to
this floor by the emphatic command of the na-
tion. But they rejected the amendment and
now we are no longer held to those condi-
tions.
Gentlemen hero are appealing to party feel-
ing, saying, "We have the power now in this
Congress and in the next; let us use it." 1
beg leave to remind gentlemen that we have
been invested with this power by this mighty
nation only that we use it wisely and for the
best interests of the whole country.
Now, sir, this amendment of the Senate
meets with my hearty, with my cordial appro-
bation. I voted for the military bill of the
joint Committee on Reconstruction in the
hope and trust that it would not be passed by
the Senate ore they had attached to it some
conditions by conforming to which the south-
ern States could reorganize and reconstruct
themselves.
I think that we have made this mistake in
regard to this question of reconstruction : that
we ourselves could and should reconstruct these
southern States. Sir, they must reconstruct
themselves; they must work out their own sal-
vation. And what do we propose to do by this
