1867.
C«aBESBI0MO GLOBE
of the Republic dug from the soil he had re^
deemed by his death, lo be consigned to the
common receptacle of fiends aftd outlaws of
society, that thereby they might dishonor the
cause and insult the nation for which they
died.
History presents not a parallel to that reli-
gious, patriotic devotion to a Government ex-
hibited by those- in the insurgent States who
adhered to the Government during this straggle;
a constancy attested by all the perils, yea, and
the sacrifices of martyrdom; a constancy hold-
ing allegiance to the Government when its arm
was too weak to reciprocate the duty of pro-
tection ; a faith peering through every cloud
of defett and gloom which for those terrible
years seemed almost to stifle in our own breasts
each illusion of hope. Heroic men standing
amidst the wreck, chaos, and desolation of in-
dividual and national honor, of violated oaths
and outraged laws, holding still their faith.
Men who in that carnival of persecution and
proscription, unchecked vengeanee, with its
untold ferocity, and all unmarked by any miti-
gatory feature, yielding none of their high pur-
pose. These are virtues deserving to be can-
onized in the heart of the nation. Upon those
virtues which no threats could awe, no perfidy
barter, or bribery tempt, the unerring instincts
of justice, the teachings of reason, the demands
of peace and national safety, placed at once the
reorganization of those-States and the control
of their destiny. The failure to do this was a
crime which no words can palliate and no
subterfuge excuse. The evils and disasters
which this crime invoked you will find, diffi-
culty -in the attempt to aggravate. There is not
to-day an evil distracting otir politics; there
is no portentous cloud casting its impenetrable
shadow into the future ; there is not a murmur-
ing discord of anarchy or an open threat of
revolution grating upon the sensitive ear of
the people which would or possibly could have
been had this great crime been averted.
Sir, your work of restoration will never com-
mence until the Congress of the United States
assumes to be one of the departments of the
General Government. It will never commence
until it dare assert the fact that when the Con-
stitution declares the United States shall guar-
anty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment that there'are other powers within the
Constitution to be consulted than the Execu-
tive. It will never commence until you have
declared, in the language of the Supreme Court,
that the Executive, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, "cannot exercise a civil
function.1' It will never commence until you
have declared in the spirit of our institutions
that the President in the exercise of the war
power, in the creation or organization of these
pretended State governments, has invaded the
prerogative of this body, yea, the very prerog-
ative of the people of those States, and set the
most dangerous precedent in the whole of our
constitutional history. It cannot be considered
as commenced until you have laid these giant
usurpations and wrongs at the feet of the loyal
people of those communities for whose protec-
tion they were ostensibly created. And, sir, the
work of restoration will have beeu accomplished
when you declare, in the language of the Su-
preme Court, that this body has the sole power
to determine which is the lawful government
set up in these States; that if conditions are to
be required we are the constitutional body to
interpose those conditions, and that those con-
ditions shall be loyalty to your Government,
full protection to property and person of all
within their borders, together with a full in-
vestment in all men alike of all endowments,
franchises, and rights necessary to the most
ample enjoyment of the blessings of liberty.
No more fearful experiment can be tried by
the nation than the investment of one race or
class of community with despotic legal arro-
gance and power, while at the same time you
clothe another with nothing but the servility
of trembling dependence. We have learned
at too bitter cost the effect on the political
morals of the nation 'of a lack in community
of all reciprocal benefits and interests and legal
obligations between race and race, man and
man. We have tried that system which bred
nothing but contempt on one hand and servile
awe on the other, and the contemplation of
which made Jefferson tremble for his country
at the possibility of a God. We have tried a
system of government which abrogated that
sublime and divine attribute of law, and which
through all time has not failed wherever found
to challenge and secure all reasonable submis-
sion to its authority, and without which law
cannot long have any sanction, the protection
of helplessness, weakness, necessity, and de-
pendence, and which gathers them into its
sanctuary as the most sacred object of its
highest interest and most anxious solicitude.
No nation but the most abject despotism can
long survive a deprivation of any considerable
class of its subjects from the full protection
and benefits of its laws. Universal history
attests this-fact as one of the penalties of the
exercise of exorbitant power. Moreover, he
who has been accustomed, even to the smallest
extent, to exercise an arbitrary and irrespon-
sible control over the lowest of his fellow-
creatures, to meet with no check either of
power or popular opinion, "to feed a degrad-
ing pride by the habitual contemplation and
contact of objects which the laws have aban-
doned" to his contempt and will, cannot fail
to carry into all the walks of private life and
public action a spirit at once noxious and dan-
gerous to liberty. The lessons of this war
Were but to teach us the dangerous infection
of degraded objects in the eyes of the law.
Liberty, that divine summary of all good, like
all its constituents and graces, happiness,
virtue, and charity, in God's providence, must
perish by hoarding and augment by diffusion:
and we peril the peace of the nation, we dwarf
its future greatness, we check its high career, if
we exclude from its highest enjoyment any one
within our borders whom God has thought
worthy of humanity.
How is this view vindicated by the painful
exhibitions we are daily called to witness?
What other system than one similar to that to
which I have just alluded could possibly have
given to history those foulest blots upon its
pages—those words, Pillow, Andersonville. and
New Orleans? What other system could have
produced such diabolisms as day by day crowd
the public prints and the ear of this House with
tales of horror, the very recital of which freezes
the marrow to the bone, and drives the blood
back curdled to its fountains? What other
national Executive than one whose conscience
was subverted by its influences, having power
to prevent such crimes, could hand a defense-
less race over to such torture and wink at such
outrages, while he strikes hands with their tor-
mentors, conspirators against thenation's life?
What other Executive than one whose daily
contact with such scenes had stifled the ordi-
nary impulses of humanity would dare to pal-
liate such crimes, and single-handed attempt to
chokedown the gushing protest of Christendom
against them?
And how quickly come the practical results
of even our premeditated abandonment, of the
black man, and our ostracism of him from
the benefits of the Government. At once
came the call for a permanent increase «f
your standing army to treble its number
prior to the war. Let us look at this as states-
men. In the face of what necessity was this
increase made more than the fall expenses of
the Government prior to the war ? What was
the exigency demanding it? The nations of
the earth trembled at the thought of your
power, and there was no possible contingency
within the whole scopc of conjecture which
could possibly bring us into collision with
them. Your Secretary of State had just
declared the recently rebellious States per-
fectly restored to amicable relations to the
Geaeral Government. Why must the nation
be burdened with this expense? Why is the
nation, which could not tolerate the humane
and Christian expedient of the -Freedman's
Bureau, now to inflict upon the lahorof the
nation the incubus of a standing army ? This
demand, this recommendation, this action of
the Government was only a substitution of
force for humanity and justice. The pretended
necessity involving it is conclusive against the
policy producing it. '
Why is it that by the advice of the Lieuten-
ant General military occupancy is to be con-
tinued over the insurgent States, and why does
the Executive talk of a possible war of raies
as a justification, at the expense of the nation,
of this maintenance of the national police there?
Let us remember that in all our late struggle
this race, with the remembrance of centuries
of degradation and slavery, with a present
consciousness of the fearful feet that they were
then the objects of a system of human wrong
which lead their persecutors around the whole
circle of human vices, and of which they were
the victims; with every provocation, eyery'mo-
tive, and every justification "for revenge more
than ever stirred the passions of ahy people,
and yet no single outrage* has ever been laid
to their charge. What is this night-mare that
seems to haunt the public qUief; what new
crimes are these people the victims of; what
right withheld; what threatened wrong depend-
ing that we can avert, that demands this new
appliance of a standing army in our policy,
more in its cost, more in its power than is
required to keep a quarter of Asia at the foot
Of the British throne? I appeal to the con-
science of the people to that of the nation
and the world. The answer is here : it is the
possibility of broken pledges of the nation of
their equality before the law. It is the legiti-
mate result of threatened crimes agaifist them
as a race, crimes organized under all the sanc-
tion and terrible enginery of pretended State
laws, of unreasonable penalties for nominal
crimes, of class legislation, of codes of blood
against them and them only, which no nation
can enact without peril, and which no people
should enact without paying the forfeit of
blood.
Let these insurgent State governments con-
tinue, let the African race be handed "over to
their tender mercies, let there be no inter-
position of the power of the nation in their
behalf, and this programme will require, not
only seventy thousand, but two.hunslred thou-
sand soldiers to police these States. We have
given them a measure of liberty, and as sure
as the unerring logic of the human heart we
will be obliged to follow it to its logical
consequence. We have given them citizen-
ship ; you will be compelled to give them its
necessary concomitant protection. If you give
him protection, his equality in all respects be-
fore the law will assert itself. Force may
postpone, but it cannot prevent. The equality
of all men may come, as I trust God it will,
peacefully, yet come it will inevitably if it costs
the nation the recnactment of the bitterest ex-
periences of centuries. With this, peace per-
manent and lasting will settle upon us; with-
out this, as God rules and vindicates humanity
there can be no peace. With this, we shall
have a manly submission to all reasonable
authority; without this your power will be
but a provocation . to future resistance, to
future rejection of its sanctions, aud; as it may
be, revolution and anarchy.
Am I asked for the power to disturb these
State governments and to require the terms
which I have indicated of those communities
before they are allowed the resumption of theft
former rights in the U-.ion ? I might reply that
the right to make war implies the right to make
peace; it implies the right to the exercise of
all powers necessary to that end. Peace, just"
and permanent,, is the right of war, it is the,
end and only object of war, and to accomplish"
that end the right of war is to strike; down Ml
laws, constitutions, or conventionalities of men
that interpose. . -
But the President and these States have con-
ceded our power iri the premises; the one by
express reservation and the other by the accept-
ance of the terms of such- reservation. ■ Upon
