1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
bill aa it comes to us from the Senate ? To
invest rebels with power? Not so; but to dis-
solve the State governments now in existence
there ; to resolve society into its first elements.
We say to their people, without regard to race,
without regard to condition, reorganize your-
selves, come to Congress with a constitution
which shall provide that the elective franchise
shall be exercised by all male citizens within
your borders of the ago of twenty-one years,
and upward, which constitution shall also be
acceptable to the Congress of the United States
in every other particular, and then, and not
before, you may be again admitted into the fel-
lowship of States.
In that respect we reserve to ourselves the
exercise of a wide discretion. If they bring
us a constitution which is not acceptable in
every respect, that is one which we feel we
cannot safely accept, having due regard to
the interest of the whole country, then we
will tell them to return and form a consti-
tution that will bo acceptable to us. "Wo
propose hero (hat the rebels themselves shall
throw the dice which wo have loaded. We
propose that when they shall tome in an atti-
tude which appears to us to evince sincere
loyalty we will admit them again to a partici-
pation in the government of the country.
Now, J have got to hear any man assert that
wo expect for an indefinite period of time to
deny to these rebels any right to the elective
franchise or to a participation in the Govern-
ment. And when shall they again be admitted
to exercise those rights? When they present
themselves in a loyal attitude. Anil should
we desire (o have (hat period far removed?
For one I prefer lliat it shall come within
throe monlhs rather llian be postponed for
(hreo years longer. And although wo cannot
forget personal resentments, although we can-
not forget the great wrongs which have been
eommilled, we must not, take vengeance into
our own hands. We must alone regard what.the
best interests of the whole country require in
relation to its Irade, its commerce, its every
industrial pursuit. We must recollcct that
time alone ean eflUee the impressions and pas-
sions that actual,e us as well as them.
I hope this amendment of the Senate will bo
concurred in hv the House; 1 hope the bill as
amended will be signed by the President, and
J hope that (lie people ol'the southern Stales
will hasten to bring forward constitutions which
shall be acceptable to Congress. 1 trust that
ere the last of the columns of this Capitol shall
be elevated to their places these Slates one by
one will have their Representatives upon this
floor, and that this nation will again resume
its rounded and perfect form. And then our
flag hliall represent on every sea anil every-
where a reunited nation, powerful, great, to be
feared, and to be respected.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Hendkusox.]
Mr. J1ICNDURSON. How much time is
(here left for me ?
The KPWAKFR. Four minutes.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is about as much
as I shall need for what I have to say.
1 am very sorry, Mr. Speaker, that the meas-
ure now under consideration is one that I can-
not consistently vote for and approve. I had
intended to vote for the amendment, of the
Senate, until it was laid upon my desk in a
printed form. But upon examination 1 found
that it proposes, not only that the loyal men in
these southern States shall take part in the
reorganization of those States, but that the
dislojal shall enjoy equal privileges with the
loyal, it not only proposes that the disloval
shall have the right to vote, but to control the
elections: and not only to vote for delegates
to conventions to frame new constitutions of
State government, but it proposes that disloval
men may themselves be elected delegates" to
those conventions.
And in my imagination I see sueh men as
Lee and Beauregard and Semmes and Quan-
trell and all such characters sitting in the con-
ventions which are to form constitutions under
which loyal men are to live. When I look at
the subject in this light I recoil from supporting
this bill in its present shape. The glorious
young State that I have the honor to represent
on this floor expects this Congress to place the
reconstruction of those governments in the
hands of loyal men, not in the hands of those
rebel leaders who have brought suffering and
ruin and death upon our land. In obedience
to what I believe to be the will of the loyal
men of the State of Oregon, I feel hound to
cast my vote against any bill which authorizes
the rebel leaders to form constitutions and
governments under which loyal men are to live.
Taking this view of the subject, I shall with a
hearty good will vote to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House with but a few remarks on this bill.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress is now fast drawing
to a close. If anything is to be done by this Con-
gress toward providing for the government of
the States that have engaged in the rebellion
it is time that decisive action should be taken.
I do not concur in the opinion expressed by
some of the gentlemen who have preceded me,
that the Committee on Reconstruction has
done nothing practical on this subject. That
committee has done good work. It reported
at the last session a constitutional amendment,
which was adopted by more than two thirds
of both Houses of Congress and submitted to
the people. The people have declared that
that amendment is right and what the coun-
try demands. It was on that constitutional
amendment the Union party went before the
people in tlio State which I have the honor to
represent in part on this floor. The result is
that while in this Congress the Representatives
from that State stand sixteen Union men to
eight Democrats, we shall in the next Con-
gress stand eighteen Union men to six Demo-
crats. Our success at the election was based
mainly upon that constitutional amendment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this House has passed
what has been called the '* military bill." I will
not undertake now to discuss the merits of
that bill, because 1 have given my views upon
this subject on a former occasion. The bill
which has been returned to us by the Senate,
passing that body by a vote of 2!) to 10, is a
bill somewhat similar to that which was passed
by this House, with the exception of the 'fifth
section, which was added in the Senate. But
one objection which is strongly urged to this
bill as it comes from the Senate is founded
upon the iitth section. Now, sir, 1 do not
appreciate the force of the objections which
have been urged against that section by some
gentlemen on this side of the House. That
section is as follows:
Tluit when the people of any one of tho said rebel
fUntesshn.il have formed a consti till ion of government
in conformity tho Constitution of tho United
States in all respects, framed by a convention of dele-
gates olected by the maloeitizcnsof said State twenty-
ono years old and upward, of whatever raee, color, or
previous condition, who havo been resident in said
Stato l'or one year previous to the day of sueh election,
except sueh as may he disfranchised for participation
in tile rebellion or for felony at common law; and
when such constitution shall provide that tho elect-
ive Iraiiebi-e shall bo enjoyed by nil Mich persons as
havo the qualifications herein stated for electors of
delegates; and when such constitution shall bo rati-
fied by a majority of the persons voting on tho ques-
tion of latiliciitiou who arc qualified as electors for
delegates, and when sueh constitution shall havo
been submitted to Congress for examination and
approval, and Congress shall havo approved tho
same; and when said State, by a vote of its Legisla-
ture clccted under said constitution, shall hsivo
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by tho Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress and known as article fourteen, and when said
articlo shall have beeomc a part of the Constitution
of tho United States, said Stato shall bo declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Itcpresentatives shall bo admitted therefrom on
their taking the oath prescribed by law, and then
and therealter tho preceding sections of this act shall
bo inoperative in said Stato.
Now, sir, this section provides that the peo-
ple shall assemble together and call a conven-
tion to frame a constitution. The black man
as well as tho white man is to have a voice in
the formation of that, convention ; and when a
constitution has been formed, black and white
alike have the right to vote upon the question
of its adoption. After that, this constitution is
to be submitted to Congress. If such a con-
stitution be submitted to the Fortieth Congress
have we any right to presume that that Con-
gress will not scan it and give it a thorough
examination? If it be shown that the consti-
tution submitted was gotten up fraudulently,
that it was concocted by rebels, by such lead-
ers as attended the 14th of August pad-lock
convention at Philadelphia, the Fortieth Con-
gress will doubtless reject it. That Congress
will be politically as strong as, if not stronger
than, that of the Thirty-Ninth; and I trust that
the Fortieth Congress will find no weak-kneed
men on this side of tho House.
When that constitution is presented, if it
is in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States and if said States ratify the con-
stitutional amendment and send loyal Senators
and Representatives who can take the oath
prescribed by the law, we should admit them.
This is a question which must bo met some
time, and why put it off? We are as well pre-
pared to-day to meet it as the next Congress
will be, or we will be any time hereafter.
It is evident that the courts in those States
do not afford sufficient protection to life and
property. They have not returned to fuli
obedience and loyalty to the General Govern-
ment. They need some higher law, that is tho
military power, which is necessary for their
protection, and that protection this bill affords.
But by this bill we say something more.
We give these States another opportunity.
We say to them we are going to govern you
by martial law; but we will say if you will
forma proper constitution, allow colored as
well as white people the right to vote on its
adoption, and make such laws as will conform'
therewith, so as to protect all classes and adopt
the constitutional amendment known as arti-
cle fourteen, then you will be again admitted
to representation and not before. I may say
that constitutional amendment is the only safe-
guard we have. Gentlemen upon this floor
may talk of forming a const itntion in the South
without tho ratification of the constitutional
amendment. If we do that, how soon will
those States abide with us? Let the constitu-
tional amendment bo adopted and ratified and
wo have a guarantee against rebels holding
office except by a two-thirds vote of Congress.
Wo also have in that amendment a guaran-
tee against the rebel debt amounting to over
$2,500,000,000, of which $500,000,000 is held
in Europe. I tell you if the constitutional
amendment is not adopted by which that enor-
mous debt is repudiated, you will soon have
application made to Congress for its payment,
lou will find lobbyists here, agents for these
Europeans, who hold ยง500,000,000 of the rebel
debt, pressing its payment and holding out glit-
tering offers. 1 do nut want that any men here
should be compelled to undergo such tempta-
tion. I want the constitutional amendment
adopted, and then the country is safe.
I am for the passage of the bill sent to us
from tho Senate. They have in substance
adopted the bill of the House with the addition
of tho fifth section added. That learned body
passed that, and it came to us. They passed
it by a large majority. The question now is
whether we will agree to the Senate amend-
ment or non-concur and send the whole sub-
ject to a committee of conference. Send it
to such committee and it is dead. To-morrow
is the last day we have to pass this measure,
so that in case of a veto or the neglect of the
President to sign it we can pass it over, the
veto, or it ia allowed to become a law by that
neglect of the President. If we do not pass
it by to-morrow, then the President can pocket
it and prevent its becoming a law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The gentleman says tho
President may pocket this bill within ten days
of the close of this session. I wish to know
if there is anything in the Constitution of the
United States to authorize such action. It
reads in this wise, that the bill shall become a
law if not returned by the President within ten
