§70
OOMEESSIONiAL ^GLOBE
January 18i
there has been a time when an extra session
of Congress was demanded since .the forma-,
tion of this Government it was immediately
following the surrender of the rebeL armies.
Then was needed the exercise of the" wisdom of
the_ nation; at any "rate, the, .peqple were
entitled to a voice in the-' mighty transactions.
Why did the President nj$nifest such " inde-
cent haste in laying .{town -conditions and
establishing rules for tjiese-States in resuming
their places in the. Government? It, sir, was
a want of confidence, in the representatives of.
the people, or rather a want of confidence in
the-peogle themselves, for it is always to be
presumed that representatives understand and
respect- the will of their constituents. •
• That old-fashioned democracy that I learned
in^early life taught, first, that the people have
the light to govern themselves; second, that
tli$ representative is presumed to, understand
and respect the will of his constituents; third,
he that rejects or distrusts the representative
distrusts those he represents. These are fixed
principles, and in those days no true Democrat
violated or controverted them. Until it is
proven that the representative has betrayed the
trust imposed in him his acts are entitled to
full faith and credit. Had President Johnson
recognized the validity of those principles and
acted upon them at the proper- time he and
Congress, and also he and the people of the
nation, would no w be cooperating harmoniously
in restoring and rebuilding the members of the
sisterhood desolated by the tramp of hostile
armies. But he distrusted the people and
hastened to put into execution his own policy
and plans before the representatives of the
people would have an opportunity to call in
question the wisdom or patriotism of his meas-
ures. In my judgment here lies the great
wrong that is now plaguing the nation; and
here with the President rests the responsibility.
Those who sustain the President and his
policy generally urge either in justification or
extenuation of the conduct of those who re-
belled against the Government one or more of
the following considerations:
1. An intangible, indescribable, and I pre-
sume imaginary something that has no real
existence anywhere, which they denominate
" State sovereignty," and which they seem to
suppose existed long prior, if not to the cre-
ation of the world, at least to that of the -for-
mation of the General Government, and it is
altogether independent of its Constitution and
laws.
2. They tell us .of certain " reserved rights "
which the States never surrendered to the
national Government. These they seem to
think at least partially support the doctrine of
secession and justify acts of rebellion against
the United States Government.
3. Another circumstance which they all plead
most eloquently in extenuation of the crime of
rebellion is the great insults and indignities
offered the slaveholding States by abolitionists
and fanatics of the North.
While rebels and some of the modern de-
mocracy claim that that mysterious something
which few can understand and nobody describe
authorizes States to secede at will, the major-
ity of the party shrink from an open avowal
of the doctrine; yet they talk a great deal about
"reserved rights," the "bad faith and bad
conduct of the people of the North." In
reply to that part of the democracy who deny
the right of secession and still plead the
"reserved rights of the States" in behalf
of tlfe rebels, I inquire what of "reserved
right?" Did the States reserve to themselves
at the, formation of the Constitution the right
to secede at their own will and pleasure? If
they did, let them point to the article and sec-
tion in the Constitution, and the controversy
is closed; if not, why talk about such rights?
What does it amount to? It proves nothing,
only that those who do so are very poor rea-
soners.
To those who declaim so eloquently upon the
"bad faith and bad conduct of the people of
the North" toward their southern brethren, I
reply, suppose that it all is vrue that you say of
the people of the North, is secession and rebel-
lion the remedy prescribed by the principles of
democracy? It may be that prescribed by
modern democracy, but not that of the old-
fashioned kind. That kind taught " that if
the people erred they would in their sober
second thoughts correct their errors " that
the people are-capable of self-government,"
and consequently will correct their errors. If
this is not true, democracy is a delusion, and
the people are incapable of self-government.
Hence I argue that this whole theory of " State
sovereignty," "reserved rights,'-' "secession
and rebellion," as,:a remedy for real or im-
aginary evils under a republican form of gov-
ernment is anti-democratic and wholly unjusti-
fiable ; and all those who resort to them or
advocate them as such are unworthy of the
right of franchise in a free Government.
But again, rebels universally claim that the
Kentucky resolutions of 1798-99 teach the
doctrine that States have the right to secede,
and many Democratic conventions have lately
indorsed those resolutions in their platforms.
Let me state this ease more clearly, as I regard
it an important item in this controversy. First,
all secessionists claim that those resolutions
declare the right of States to secede from the
General Government; second, the Democracy
indorse them in their platforms; and many
leading Democrats declare that it was the
generally received doctrine of our principal
statesmen up to a very late period that States
had reserved to themselves the right to secede
from the Union. This they do by way of pallia-
tion for the crime of rebellion. While they
have not the boldness to advocate the doctrine
themselves, they will say it was the doctrine
of the country.
In reference to those Kentucky resolutions,
I would remind gentlemen on the other side
of the House that eleven States out of the thir-
teen then in the Union condemned and rejected
them. This circumstance proves conclusively
and beyond doubt that the right of secession
was not the doctrine of our c'ountry at any
period. A verdict so decisive as that of eleven
to two ought to have forever buried the wicked
heresy beyond the possibility of resurrection.
In reading the tenth section in the first
article of the Constitution of the United States
I am surprised that any man should ever talk
about "State sovereignty," when the States
have there surrendered to the General Govern-
ment everything that has the semblance of sov-
ereignty.
We all know that " all powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the States respectively, or to the people." The
question again arises, what rights or powers did
they reserve? Did they reserve the right to
withdraw or secede from the Unon? They
delegated to the General Government, not only
the enumerated powers in the Constitution, but
the authority to make all laws necessary for
carrying into execution the enumerated powers.
Here opens a wide field of discretionary power
to the General Government; all that is neces-
sary to perpetuate its existence and defend
itself against foreign invasion and domestic
insurrection.
The idea of prescribing the means to be
used by the Government in suppressing rebel-
lion or insurrection seems never to have en-
tered the minds of our ancestors in organiz-
ing the Government; they expected it to use
means adapted to the end. In giving all power
" necessary " to carry the enumerated powers
of the Government into effect, they expected
anything and everything that the exigency
might require to be resorted to; and further,
that Congress was to judge in the case. The
idea of the Government taking care of rebel
property, • returning runaway slaves, &e., is
most ridiculous. Some have argued, and do
now argue, that the Government could only j
proceed in a constitutional way to suppress I
rebellion and restore order. Now, sir, 1 say ;
that there is no constitutional way of fighting i
rebels; or rather, I will say that all means are
constitutional. Whoever heard of a constitu-
tional and lawful way of defending a house
and. family against robbers? Or rather, who
ever heard of an unconstitutional way of doing
it. All or any measure is lawful in such a case.
He whose premises are attacked by thieves
and, murderers may use cold water or hot
water, fire and brimstone, or anything else
that is available: how ridiculous the idea of
prescribing the means he should use! So ia
reference to the Government in putting down
rebellion, any means and all means are con-
stitutional. In short, there is no Constitution
on the subject. The General Government was
bound by no Constitution or law in the matter
except the laws of war, but was at perfect lib-
erty to do whatever was necessary. The reb-
els having renounced all constitutions and
laws the General Government were at perfect
liberty to meet them on their own ground with-
out law. Here I take it on myself to say that
after the rebels had renounced the Constitu-
tion and laws and made war upon the United
States there were ho laws between the parties.
The rebels having forfeited both privileges and
protection under this Government they are
without either still except so far as they have
been conceded to them by the law-making
power of the Government since their surrender.
A State of this nation could not exist out-
side of the Union, as it could form no alliance
with other Powers, make no treaties, coin no
money; in short, do nothing that pertains to
sovereignty. Having examined the question
of constitutional secession and finding that no
^uch right, either expressed or implied, exists,
let us investigate the second question: had
their rights been so far infringed as to justify
or even'palliate rebellion?
Rebels and their apologists, in the second-
place, attempt to justify or excuse rebellion
on the ground that their rights have been so
terribly invaded that they were almost com-
pelled to secede.
When we inquire what right of those States
that rebelled had ever been disregarded by
the General Government, the answer is stam-
mered out about as follows: "Well, I do not
know that the General Government had ever
invaded any of their rights; but the abolition-
ists and fanatics had - said a great many hard
things about slavery. Mr. Seward said there
'existed an irrepressible conflict between
slavery and freedom,' and Mr. Lincoln said
the 1 Union could not continue half free and
half slave,' and Mr. Sumner called the whole
thing a. barbarous institution." This, Mr.
Speaker, constitutes the grounds upon which
the Democratic party attempt to excuse and
palliate rebellion, that of the bad treatment
they had received.
And rebels and secessionists justify it on the
principle of State sovereignty, in the face of
the declaration that the Constitution, laws,
and treaties of the United States are the " su-
preme law of the land," &c.
As far as constitutional right for rebellion is
concerned, the rebels themselves knew they had
none; therefore they renounced Constitution,
Government, and all, and fell back upon that
indescribable right or power that is over and
above the Constitution, State sovereignty or
State rights; which I understand to be nothing
more nor less than the right to inaugurate State
and national anarchy.
As to their justification upon the grounds of
the bad treatment they had received, Alexander
H. Stephens, by far the ablest man in rebeldom,
in his speech in the Georgia convention, de-
molishes, and I may say annihilates, the very
idea of such a thing. He shows conclusively
that their rights have always been respected,
that they have always had far more than their
proportional share in both the power and pa-
tronage of the Government; at the very moment
of rebellion they were enjoying more than a
due share of both.
Not only so in reference to the power and
patronage of the Government, but that their
pet institution, slavery, was never more secure
