1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 18,
This measure confesses before the American
people and before the world, your faijure to
adopt any constitutional plan of reconstruction.
This one is tho most desperate of remedies,
and one that is never resorted to by a free
people, except in the expiring throes of their
government, when the last expedient of sub-
verting the civil by the military jpwer is
adopted. Sir, I trust we shall escape this humil-
iation and that this measure will be defeated.
It seems to me the path of duty is_ plain.
Accord to the people of these States their plain
constitutional rights; admit their Senators and
Representatives who may be legally and con-
stitutionally qualified; treat these people as
American citizens; let the spirit of magna-
nimity and conciliation take the place of re-
venge. and true harmony will be restored ; the
great question of reconstruction solved, the
bonds of the Union cemented, and we shall
go forward as a great, free, and united people
to that noble destiny which most assuredly
awaits us if we shall bo faithful to our system
of Government.
[Hero (he hammer foil.]
Sir. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in separating as I
must from some with whom I have uniformly
acted in the House upon political questions, I
desire to state in a word the reasons which
induce me to vote to concur with the Senate in
their amendment to this bill. It is evident to
my mind Umtthis is the only measure of recon-
struction that can pass at this session, and tho
only alternatives presented to us arc either to
pass this bill, or so to bo placed before the
country, without any distinct policy or raeas-
uir of rc'cuiihlructiou in opposition to that
lately announced by tho peculiar friends of the
Pi ■esidenl. If we adopt this amendment, what,
do we p;et? hirst, we settle the question of
the right of Congress to reconstruct the State
governments which were destroyed by the re-
bellion, and we repudiate those governments
that have boon set up by the President, as we
believe, by an usurpation of power dangerous
to the liberties of the country if it shall be
allowed to succeed and to pass into precedent.
Tho preamble of this bill declares that there
are no legal governments in those States, and
provides for the protection of the citizens in
their persons ami properly by the military, and
it is provided thai all inleiierenec undercolor
of State nutliorily with the exercise of military
authority under this act shall be null and void.
It is said, I know, that this will be no protec-
tion, but tho reasons urged for this opinion
have failed to satisfy my judgment. What has
been the reason that loyal men have not. been
protected in I ho southern States; was it the
fault of Sheridan in New Orleans, or of Gen-
eral Sickles, in his department, or of General
Thomas in his V I las not the testimony of those
officers proved that it was the action of these
pretended State governments which this bill
sets aside tlint prevented etlieient protection to
loyal men by the military, recognized as those
governments were; by the President? I have
not time to quote this testimony, but it is very
apparent that if there had been no government
in New Orleans but the military rule of (ion-
oral Sheridan there would have been 110 riot
and no slaughter of loyal men. But it is said
that the bill 1 eaves the whole matter in the hands
of tho President.. I answer, the Constitution
makes the President Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, and that we cannot
change il wc would. If we detail the ollicer
ilie I'losident will command him there. The
i'i-( ,-idont Uaims that State governments exist
abeudv in those States, and lie remits the loyal
men ol those States to those governments for
protection. II wc make this billalaw, wc take
ironi him this plea. Remake it his duty to
piotcci. the persons and property of tho citi-
zen by military power, and then'if he fails to
perform this solemn duty, it" one lo.val man
siiull fall a victim to lebel hate, anil by his
failure to act, punishment strict and stern shall
not follow, then I for one will vote to impeach
him and remove him from the office whose
duties he will have failed to discharge. The
remedy is in our hands; we can protect loyal
men by this bill.
This bill secures the great principle of uni-
versal manhood suffrage, the only foundation
upon which republican governments can safely
and justly rest. It for the first time makes real
and practical the principle we have so long
acknowledged in words, that governments de-
rive their just powers from the consent of the
governed. It is idle for us to enact in words
that all men shall have the right to be heard in
the formation of the laws of which they are to
be governed, unless we sustain that enactment
in those rebel States by military power. This
bill does both. With the most solemn law that
could be enacted a negro could not vote in
the South except he was protected- in his right
by military power. This bill, if it becomes the
basis of reconstruction, secures the adoption
of tho constitutional amendment, which has
been decided to be essential and just by the
people with such remarkable unanimity. Every
principle embraced in the bill has bee/i approved
and indorsed by tho people emphatically, except
it bo the principle of manhood suffrage, which
they will indorse when the question is presented
to them.
Tho only reason urged against this bill is that
it does not, by congressional action, disfran-
chise all who have aided the rebellion. If there
is in atiy State a majority of loyal men, white
or black, they may limit the suffrage to suit
themselves; if thero is not, the question arises
can wo maintain republican governments in
States in which a majority of the inhabitants
are disfranchised? can wo exclude from the
ballot-box all tho white men in South Carolina
and Louisiana except the very few who were
loyal, and place the State governments in the
hands of tho negroes alone? And what good end
would bo accomplished thereby? In a very few
years tho governments of those States would
bo controlled by those who, too young to
take active part in tho rebellion, could not bo
excluded from the ballot, but yet who, inherit-
ing^ tho feelings, opinions, and the natures of
their parents, would bo as disloyal as they. It
is impossible permanently by mere legislation
to keep the government of those States in the
hands of loyal men; but then it is asked, Shall
we abandon tho loyal men and compel thorn to
accept institutions to bo framed for them by
rebels which will be oppressive and will crush
theinout? ISynomeans. WebythisbiUreservo
tho right, in Congress to inspect the constitution
that shall be formed and to see whether it duly
secures the rights of loyal men ; and we shall
have the power to protect them. Can we not
trust ouiselves?
1 am in favor of proposing some distinct
plan of reconstruction which shall be just and
which shall bo an answer to those who have
reproached us, that we have presented 110 plan
by which tho Union could bo restored aud the
people again enjoy the right of self-govern-
ment under the Constitution. But it is said
by gentlemen upon the other side of the Cham-
ber that this bill overturns State governments
aud sets up a military despotism. The con-
clusive answer is this: these governments are
not loyal governments. They do not secure
protection to loyal men. They are mere
instruments in the hands of disloyal men to
oppress those who have the strongest claims
to protection at our hands. Loyal men are
not protected in the rebel States to-day. The
fact that a man is a loyal man is a reason why
he is not secure in person or property. The
duties of allegiance by the citizen and protec-
tion by the Government are reciprocal and
coextensive. If we cannot protect loyal citi-
zens of the United States in life and property,
we have no right to claim their allegiance;
if we have no right to protect the rights of
loyal men cxccpt through State governments,
then we have no right to claim their allegiance
except through State governments; and the
doctrine of State rights is established, which
justified every man in becoming a traitor to
the Union upon_the call of his State. And how-
ever consistent gentlemen who denounced the
doctrine of coercing States may be in advocat-
ing this doctrine, it is impossible that those
who believed in crushing the rebellion by
military power can be influenced by such
sophistry to such an extent as to fail to extend
practical and efficient protection to the men
who need that protection, only because they
have been faithful to the Constitution and the
Union.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to state very briefly my views on recon-
struction and the duty of Congress, and to
explain some votes which, standing alone, are
liable to be misunderstood. On the 13th of
February the House had under consideration
House bill No. 1143, to provide a more effi-
cient government for the States lately in insur-
rection, reported by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] from the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, and which, as modified by
him, was in these words:
That said late so-called confederate States shall be
divided into military districts and made subject to
the military authority of tho United States as here-
inafter proscribed, and for that purpose Virginia
shall constitute tho first district; North Carolina and
South Carolina the second district; Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida tho third district: Mississippi and
Arkansas the fourth district; and Louisiana and
Toxas tho fifth district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the General of the Army to assign to tho
command of each of said districts an officer of tho
regular Army not below tho rank of brigadier gen-
eral, and to detail a sufficient military forco to enablo
such officer to perform his duties and cnforce his
authority within the district to which he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to
protect all persons in their rights of person and
property, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violenco, and to punish, or causo to be punished,
all disturbers of tho public peace and criminals, and
to this end ho may allow local civil tribunals to tako
jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or, when in his
judgment it may be noccssary for tho trial of offend-
ers, ho shall have power to organize military com-
missions or tribunals for that purpose, anything in
tho constitution and laws of any of tho so-called
confederate States to the contrary notwithstanding ;
and all legislative or judicial proceedings or pro-
cesses to provent or control tho proceedings of said
military tribunals, and all interferences by said pre-
tended Stato governments with tho exercise of mil-
itary authority under this act, shall be void and of
no cffcet.
Sljc. 4. And be it further enacted, That courts and
judicial officers of tho United States shall not. issuo
writs of habeas corpus in behalf of persons in military
custody, except in cases in which tho person is held
to answer only for a crime or crimes exclusively
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States within said military districts and indictablo
thorein, or unless some commissioned officer 011 duty
in tho district wherein tho person is detained shall
indorse upon said petition a statement certifying,
upon honor, that he has knowledge or information
as to tho cause and circumstances of the alleged de-
tention, and that ho believes the same to be wrongful;
and turtlier, Wat ho believes that the indorsed peti-
tion is preferred in good faith, and in furtherance of
justice, and not to hinder or delay tho punishment
of crime. All persons put under military arrest by
virtue of this act shall bo tried without unnecessary
delay, and no cruel or unusual punishment shall bo
inflicted.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no sentence
of any military commission or tribunal hereby au-
thorized, affecting tho life or liberty of anv person,
shall bo cxocuted until it is approved by the officer
in command of til0 district, and the laws and regula-
tions for the government of tho Army shall not bo
affected by this act, oxccpt in so far as thoy conflict
with its provisions.
The gentleman who reported the bill moved
to recommit it to the Reconstruction Commit-
tee, not with a view to have the motion pre-
vail, but for the purpose of preventing atiy
amendment from being offered thereto, and
then after discussion to have the motion voted
down and a direct vote taken on the bill. Un-
der the rules of the House 110 amendment
could be offered, and the only way to secure
any addition or modification was to move to
recommit the bill to some committee, with
instructions to report it back with an amend-
ment. The Globe shows these proceedings':
" Mr. Blaine. X move, then, that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, with in-
structions to report [it] back immediately [with] the
following [addition];
"Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That when the
constitutional amendment proposed as article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have become
a part of the Constitution of the United States; and
when any one of the lateso-called confederate States
shall have given its assent to the same, and eon-
formed its constitution and laws thereto in all re-
spects; and when it shall have provided by its eon-
