1867; .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than at that time. That with; a majority on
the Supreme Bench, and also a majority in
both Houses of Congress, the ".abolition Presi-
dent' ' was powerless to harm them, even if he
had ever so great a disposition to do so. Presi-
dent Lincoln also gave the most positive assur-
ances that in the administration of the Gen-
eral Government he would most sacredly guard
and protect their constitutional rights; that he
had no disposition to act otherwise. And yet,
sir, without even the shadow of an excuse-for
their conduct the people of those States re-
belled against the best Government the world
ever saw; plunged this nation into all the hor-
rors of civil war, deluging the country in fra-
ternal blood, filling the land with widows and
orphans, mourning, poverty, desolation, and
death; and also piling a debt upon the nation
that the present generation will not live to see
paid.
But having exhausted their resources, and
being crushed by the power of the Government
they had failed to destroy, they threw down
their arms in despair and surrendered. We
would now suppose there would have been no
more trouble with them; having staked all
and lost all they would .now accept what is
given them in a submissive and quiet manner.
But no sir, they immediately turn upon their
conquerers and demand equal rights and privi-
leges and equal power in the Government with
those who gave their property and shed their
blood to maintain it. And not only so, but in
regard to one class of loyalists they claim-the
right to disfranchise them altogether. Now,
sir, the boldness and presumption of such
demands are perfectly astounding I Of what
crimes may men not be guilty and yet be en-
titled to all the rights of citizenship if such
claims be recognized? I demand to know
what they have done, or even said to atone for
such crimes as they have committed, that they
should make such demands on the Government?
- Mr. Speaker, I feel perfectly satisfied that
Congress has not only constitutional authority
to institute for these Territories such govern-
ments as in its opinion will conduce to the
general welfare of the United States, but all
the circumstances of the case demand it, the
condition of the loyal whites, the condition of
the loyal blacks, and even that of the rebels
themselves demands it. The general welfare
of this nation demands it.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise]
in his speech on this floor denied the right of
Congress to govern Territories at all. It might
survey the lands and provide for their disposal,
but had no authority to make any rules to reg-
ulate the conduct of settlers upon them—"all
laws made for such purpose are unwarranted
assumptions." When reminded by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] of the
ordinance of 1787, excluding slavery from the
Territory, the old gentleman was cornered,
and I believe would have wilted if the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Fixck] had not come to
the rescue by stating that this ordinance was
passed before the formation of the Constitu-
tion. This suggestion placed my Kentucky
friend again upon his legs.
The question arose in my raind whether the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Finck] knew that
that ordinance was re-affirmed by the First Con-
gress that, sat under the national Constitution,
or whether he was willing to make a false im-
f ression for the sake ol' relieving his friend.
f the fact that the First Congress had re-
affirmed that ordinance and thereby made it its
own had been presented to him I presume the
Kentucky gentleman would have felt the land
slide from under him a second time; but in
that case " ignorance was bliss." Now, Mr.
Speaker, the idea that the gentlemen who com-
posed the First Congress under the Constitu-
tion did not understand that instrument, as
many of them sat in the Convention that formed
it, or that they would willfully violate it, is too
ridiculous to be entertained. And this is the
position in which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Hise] places himself, either that
the members of that Congress did not under-
stand the Constitution that some of them helped
to make and all had sworn to support, or that
they willfully violated their oaths. Such are
the straights to which modern Democrats are
driven in support of false theories.
But, to return to the people in those rebel
States, or rather to the rebels themselves.
Their conduct since their surrender has sur-
prised me far more than their acts of rebellion.
For that I was prepared to look. But, sir, that
they should so soon be crawling around the
capital of the nation they had labored so earn-
estly to destroy, pleading for pardons, amnesty,
&c., is more than I was prepared to expect.
Where now is their "high-toned chivalry?"
Where that noble '' Norman blood thatcoursed
their aristocratic veins, rendering them the su-
perior race?'' Where now those noble '' lords
of the soil," upon whom the necessity to gov-
ern this nation was forced, they being the only
statesmen competent to rule? Whining for
representation in .the Congress of the nation
they so recently invoked the aid of foreigners
to destroy; begging for seats in those Halls
that they so indignantly and unceremoniously
left a short time since. "How are the mighty
fallen?" I confess, sir, that my estimate of
southern chivalry and spirit has suffered a sad
decline. .Old Henry A. Wise is the only man
among them that has sustained his manhood
and that challenges my respect.
According to my information he lent his aid
to destroy the Government, and being foiled'
in his attempt, heroically refuses to ask any
favors at its hand, quietly accepting its offers
without murmur or complaint. A mind of
that mold, however much I may think it has
erred, commands my respect. Had the rebels
succeeded in replacing the stars and stripes
with the confederate flag and establishing its
power over this nation I should never have
cast a vote under its folds nor asked represent-
ation in its councils, but, with old Henry Wise,
accepted in silence what it gave, or remove my
fortunes beyond the limits of its power.
The mad haste in which those rebels lifted
up the heel against this Government and their
instant wailing for the ballot when the sword
was wrenched from their grasp prove them
unworthy of the franchise and incompetent for
self-government.
Mr. Speaker I am well persuaded that the
prosperity and happiness of the inhabitants of
those territories, the quiet and security of the
country require the organization by Congress
of territorial governments for each of those
former States, under which the loyal inhabit-
ants shall be fully protected and placed in the
exercise of political power, while the rebellious
arc held ir. subjugation until subordination
and good government be fully established.
I do not consider that any man has either a
political or moral right to the elective franchise
under this Government who is not truly loyal
to it. I do not regard any man as loyal who
is disposed to lionize rebel chiefs or drink to
the " fallen flag." "J ust so long as they j ustify
or attempt to justify their rebellion against the
Government of the United States they are unfit
for representation in its Congress, and ought
to be excluded therefrom." How can a man
act with reference to the peace and prosperity
of a Government that he believes to be unjust
and ought to be destroyed? How could an
honest man swear to support a Constitution
and laws that he believed ought to be abolished ?
I have intimated, Mr. Speaker, in what I
have said that I would favor the extension of
suffrage to colored persons in the rebel States.
Permit me to state my position fairly upon this
delicate question. Being a native of Kentucky
and educated among slaveholders it is hardly
to be expected that I would be altogether free
from their prejudices.
In my early childhood I saw that the black
people around me were slaves, and I supposed
that to be right. I saw that the whites were
free, and I supposed that to be right; but I
saw also that there were many that were half
white and half black. This class perplexed
me much; but 1 ultimately came to the con-
clusion that they ought to be free half the time;
and lest they should die before mid-life and
not enjoy the sweets of liberty at all, I con-
cluded they ought to be free the first half, and
thereby secure to freedom its share. Onreach-
ing more mature years, however, I became*
satisfied that liberty was the God-given right
of all men; that in point of natural lights all
men are created equal.
Sinee the rejection of the Wilmot proviso,
which proviso 1 then believed to be right, and
still believe was so, I have uniformly cast my
votes against the extension and spread of sla-
very. When General Cass " swung around the
circle'' and the Democratic party with him and
landed on the pro-slavery side, I quit the
Democracy, and cast my vote for Mr. Van
Buren, the anti-slavery candidate for President
in 1848, and to-day I am proud of the stand I
then took.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have always believed
that it would be better for both races that the
whites and blacks should be separated, and.
that each should live in a country to them-
selves. I most heartily accord to the black
man all the rights that I claim for myself, but
I would greatly prefer that he should enjoy his -
in one country and I mine in another. I
believe the white man is here by the providence
of God. I believe that Columbus was guided
and sustained by the Divine hand. The white
man is here in accordance with his own volun-
tary agency. Therefore -I conclude that this
is his home according to the will of God.
Not so with the black man, he was dragged
here by force and violence in opposition to his
will. Hence, I conclude he is here by the
providence of the devil and agency of wicked
men, in opposition to natural law and the will
of God. I do not wish him forced away, that
would be almost as bad as forcing him here; but
I do expect Providence, in unrolling the scroll
of the future to him, to make such develop-
ments as will cause him to choose to emigrate.
But, sir, while he is here, God being my
helper, I will do him justice. When President
Lincoln proposed procuring territory in Central
or South America as a home for colored peo-
ple, and dispatched Senator Pomeroy as the
agent of our Government to procure it, I
indorsed the idea, believing that its fulfillment
would promote the welfare of both races; and
about that time canvassing my State as a can-
didate for Congress, I took ground against
giving the right of suffrage to colored men
among us, and having taken in the canvass the
ground I did I felt bound twelve months ago
to vote against the suffrage bill for this District.
But Mr. Lincoln's plan of securing country
in South America for a home for the people
of color having vanished, and no prospect for
their emigration in any other direction present-
ing itself, I feel that justice demands that he
shall have the ballot. This is the only defense,
of which I am informed, for the black or any
other class of men against injustice and oppres-
sion. While I regret taking any step that can
be construed by him into an invitation to make
a permanent location among us, I still feel that
as he is here without his own will or agency
we are morally bound to extend to him the
protection of the ballot.
But, sir, while I am disposed to extend im-
partial suffrage to all male citizens independ-
ent of color, I do not consider that consistency
requires me to extend it to females of any
color. Did I believe the happiness of females
or the general welfare of society required it. I
should be among the first to advocate its ex-
tension to them. I am unwilling-, however, to
admit that the interests of the sexes is so dis-
tinct as to demand a representation from both.-
In legislating.for my own happiness I neces-
sarily secure that of my wife and daughters.
The happiness of the husband is composed in
so large a part in seeing his wife and daughters
happy, that in promoting their happiness he
necessarily promotes his own. In short, their
interests are so intimately and inseparably
joined, that I perceive not the necessity for
authorising both to do that which one can per-
