&u
ISra^ON-CffiBSMOKAL GLOBS
January 1%
form, I think, eqaally as well. In reaped to
the interests of widows and single ladi'es,'it is
not desirable or expected that they shall remain
is that condition long, at any rate ftG't longer
than tilt they meet with a favorable opportunity
to change their state. - ■
•'The-strongest argument, that I have read in
Stipport of female suffrage is that which claims
that all persons brought' before courts for
criminal offenses "should be tried by 8-jury
of their peers,'' and that females have HeVe#
enjoyed this1 ^tgftt. However plausible ftfis
may appeal',, it is altogether fallaeiCHs, as- it is'
a well lcjiovtrii feet that taales are far more
kirtiefit to females, atsder such cireufttstattccs,
than feiffiales are to each otter.
. Man sis I am, if I bad to be btougbt before
eourt -I would not object to "being tried by a
jury of females; but were I a My I should
enter my solemn protest against beifi-g tried
before a female court and jury.
Taking all things into consideration, I have*
no idea that the happiness Of females or the
general welfare of society wdtfld fa promoted
by placing the elective franchise il  thei r hands,
or even in making them .equally eligible to po-
sition and power. I think, irowever, that I am
unprejudiced on this Sufijeet, and' ready to
receive further light.
In designating who in the SfeBes-lately in -re-
bellion gainst the General Government should
vote, I would admit the white' man Who has
always been loyal, because he has never for-
feited his rights. I would admit the loyal negro,
because he is loyal and would study the welfare
of the Government; I would" reject thei disloyal
whits man, because I think him an unsafe de-
positary of power ;■ and I would reject the dis-
loyal negro for the same reasons.
I would admit the loyal man, white or black,
to the rights of franchise because he is loyalj
and consequently a safe depositary of political
power, and I would? reject the disloyal, white
or blacky because he is disloyal, and therefore
an unsafe depositary of power. I do not,
however, give the negro as much credit for
what fighting he did during the' late' rebellion
as many do. I have not thought that he fought
so maclv to save the Government as to secure
his own1 freedom. I have Mo dotfbt he would
have fodght just as bravely on the other side
if he had thought that was the side to which
he could look for freedom, and he would have
been justified in so doing. But had he fought
on the side of the rebels under then existing
circumstances he would have showed himself
unworthy of freedom-; but as he knew which
aide to fight on, he has shown himself capable
of judging which is the right side to vote on.
Before closing my remarks, I wish to pay my
respects to a statement tliat has been often
repeated by members of the so-called Demo-
cratic party, both in and out of this Hall; that
is, the great prosperity of this country while
under the administration of their party, and
the war and devastation under Republican ad-
ministration. Let me use a figure to illustrate
the character of this boasting': a certain vessel
was navigated by her crew for many leagues
safely and speedily upon a calm sea, but all the
time in the exact direction of a asa&lstrom until
the vessel was caught and carried rapidly around
in its circling waters. At this juncture the
captain folded his hands and sat down, ex-
claiming at the same time, "No earthly power
can save the ship; she is bound to go down in
the vortex!" His under officials all forsake
their posts and begin to Tob and pillage the
vessel. The owners of the ship have from the
shore discovered the state of affairs and sent
out a new crew, who step on board. The now
commander grasps the helm, puts the- ship
about, spreads all sail, and heads for the open
sea.
But she struggles and quivers in every beam
under the war of elements; the contest is doubt-
ful for a time; but ultimately the crisis is past,
and the ship is sailing slowly into port. At
this juncture the old crew gather around and
chide the new officers for their slow progress
and laborious navigation, telling them how
splendidly they had sailed and few prosperous
the voyage White under their control. But, to
cap the climax of their folly* the old crew ask
to be again employed and put in" command of
the ship 1
I admit, Mr. Speaker, that the Democratic
party notified us that if we elected Abraham
Lincoln for President they Would dissolve the
Union; and they ttow tell us that if the Repub-
lican party had- let them_ continue to rule they
would not have rebelled; and as that party
could very easily have stayed at home and not
voted for Mr. Lincoln, or have gone to the
polls- and voted for Breckinridge, and would
riot do so, therefore they are chargeable with
ill the blood and carnage, death and destruc-
tion of the war.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, their Democracy
aftiounts to about this: if the people of this
nation will jnst simply let them rule, whether
they are in the majority or minority, they will
then be loyal and peaceable ; but if the people
vote them out of power they will then haul
down the national flag, seize the public prop-
erty, deluge the land in fire and blood, and
then charge it all on the Republicans. Such
persons would more appropriately style them-
selves demoncrafs.
But, sir, in this country we intend that the
majority "shall rule. And rather than surren-
der our right to elect the man of our choice
to the Presidency we will see this continent
' swept as clean as the top of the Tyrean rock.
FINANCE, BANKS, AND CURRENCY.
Mr. CLARKE, of OKio. Mr. Speaker, we
hear much said about reducing the amount of
money in circulation to a sum which shall
answer the legitimate demands of trade. All
assent to this. But. the question arises, what
is that sum; and by what process of reason-
ing do gentlemen arrive at their conclusions?
It is assumed that it must be so much and
no more, as that upon demand of the holder
every dollar bill shall be convertible into coin.
If that is to be the standard, then the circula-
tion is not regulated by the wants of the peo-
ple, but by the quantity of coin to be used in
its redemption. If there is no coin, there must
be no currency. Is that the conclusion grave
statesmen and financiers propose to adopt in
the present crisis of our country?
HOW MUCH COIN HAVE WE?
Mr. McCulloch setsour coin down at eighty
or one hundred millions. Will that amount
supply our people with money sufficient for all
the purposes of trade and traffic, whereby our
produce of every character is to pass into the
market by buying and selling? All men of
reason know it will not. Eighty million dol-
lars allow barely two dollars apiece to each
individual. Will two dollars to each afford
sufficient money to buy and sell $6,000,000,000
worth of property each year; pay $500,000,000
of national tax; $250,000,000 of State and local
taxes ;* run forty thousand miles of railroad, that
cost $1,500,000,000 in their structure; as many
miles of canal, lake and river navigation ; fill
up the demand of trust funds, executors, ad-
ministrators and guardians: supply merchants,
mechanics, and tradesmen with money for their
business purposes, amounting to hundreds of
millions, to say nothing about the wants of the
people engaged in the ten thousand other pur-
suits of legitimate productive industry requir-
ing money? No man is so stupid, surely, as
to suppose eighty or one hundred million dol-
lars will answer.
HOW THEM?
Why, says one, bankers think it safe to issue
three dollars in paper for one in coin, so we can
have three times eighty millions of paper issued
upon the eighty in coin, giving us $240,000,000
for circulation. This is about Secretary McCul-
* The tax levied in Ohio and collected in 1866
was rising $20,500,000—three fourths of it for local pur-
poses, a lare portion of which must necessarily remain
under lock and key during a great part of the year;
if the other States raise taxes in proportion, then it
cannot be doubted that from fifty to one hundred mil-
lions of money must lie constantly in the State, county,
and township treasuries, withdrawn from circulation.
loch's view, and to this end the Whole machinery
of the Government under his control is drift-
ing. So he promises to allow us six or seven
dollars apiece, two thirds of it shadow, bank
shadows at that, and thus he proposes to usher
in the financial millenium of specie payment.—
specie payment 1 as if that was the only thing
for which people wfere born or Governments
made.
suppose i panic ?
■Suppose some rash statesman, or one even
so prudent and thoughtful as our Secretary of
the Treasury, (who thought it not impolitic
in his annual communication to denounce his
own greenback circulation as unconstitutional,)
should assail the credit of the banks and de-
nounce their money as irredeemable; a run is
made upon them, and in less than ten days the
$80,000,000 of coin is drawn out. What is
there left of substance to promise redemption
of the remaining $160,000,000 which the peo-
ple have taken upon trust after the confiding
assurances of the Secretary of the Treasury
that it would all be right and so much bettet'
and safer than Governor Chase's greenbacks,
that being unconstitutionally issued were of
course illegal and void ?
BROKERS OF WALL STREET.
The brokers of New York are always power-
ful enough to start a bank panic whenever
they see a chance to make a speculation out
of it. They now hold the gold market in their
clutches, and Mr. McCulloch, with the whole
Government at his back, and with seventy or
eighty millions of coin in the Treasury, can-
not move them nor affect the premium upon
gold a farthing, except as they choose to have
him do. If these money-mongers can thus
besiege the Government, what may they not
do with the unshielded banks of the country,
that with $80,000,000 of coin undertake to
supply three time's that amount in currency
that shall be redeemable in coin at all times 1
So much for the experiment of a circulation
redeemable in specie. So much for putting away
a safe, sound, reliable national currency, that
has the confidence of the people, because it is
the promise of their own Government, anda
lien upon its resources, and adopting a theory
that our country has again and again proved,
by sad experience, within the memory of the
present generation, as utterly visionary and
ruinous.
WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT.
Gold and silver is the universal currency,
and of course we desire it above all other; but
we do not expect to be able, with $80,000,000
of coin, if now in active circulation, to carry
on our internal commerce, involving as it does
the property of every kind and description of
near forty millions of people, occupying so large
and so productive a portion of the earth. We-
must have a currency adequate to the business
wants of our people, whatever that may be.
When the coin is insufficent we must have the
next best, and greenbacks with so good an in-
dorser as the Government, greenbacks that pay
debts, pay taxes, buy land, buy bread and rai-
ment, how better or safer could we provide our-
selves with a currency? Suppose that even with
greenbacks a panic were possible, who could
be injured? There is no private bank to run
down and bankrupt and leave bill-holders and
depositors to suffer. No, it is the great Gov-
ernment that stands responsible to the people
for every dcl^i; and when the panic has ex-
pended its fury and passed, the holder of a
greenback hasa reality, a certainty, a currency
that panics and brokers and money gamblers
cannot destroy, nor lessen the security that is
pledged for its payment. A greenback is good
to-day, to-morrow, or it may be laid away with
your gold until next month or next year or
next generation and like your gold still good
for its face, good a^ home or abroad, good at
all times, in all places, and for all purposes.
Verily this is money, the people's money; to
call it irredeemable is to libel both our Gov-
ernment and people. It is the promise of the
people themselves to pay, and to make good
that promise the collective and individual wealth
