J807.
ms eo^aREssioNAt
(ft th? nation stands irrevocably pledged.
Higher security could not be given.
OCR PRESENT CIRCBLATIOB.
When men talk of reducing the circulation
to $300,000,000 do they consider the depress-
ing cffect of such reduction upon the people?
Prices at this time are not unreasonable; beef,
corn, pork—these cannot be afforded by the
farmer at less than the present market value
thereof, and yet at this time our currency, that
which we use as such in one way or another,
amounts to over $1,600,000,0001 Now, reduce
this enormous sum to $300,000,000, the amount
claimed by the Secretary of the Treasury as
sufficient, and where will the farmer be with his
products? You propose a reduction of the
currency for the express purpose of reducing
prices, and if it be true that prices increase as
you increase the quantity of money, then the
present prices must fall to one fifth of their
present rate.
That I may not mislead any person by my
statement as to the amount of circulation now
employed as money, let me give the facts upon
which it is predicated. By the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury of December 3,1866,
there was outstanding on theSlst October, 1366,
of the public debt the following items r
Compound-interest notes  8148,512,140
Seven-thirty bonds  724,014,300
Greenbacks  390,195,980
Fractional currency.  27,588,010
Gold certificates.    10,890,980
Add coin in Treasury, say-
National bank bill? 
1,801,207,410
. 70,000,000
. • 309,000,000
Total..
...81,671,207,410
Now, each of these items is used in some
way or other as a substitute for money in the
varied and extensive business transactions of
the country. The banks are required to keep
a reserve fund of fifteen per cent, of their circu-
lation and deposits, which may be set down at
$120,000,000, that lies dormant in their vaults
and cannot be used without a violation of law;
but instead of fifteen per cent, they will be found,
to have retired about twenty-five percent., mak-
ing in the aggregate some §150,000,000. Of
this reserved fund most of it is the compound-
interest notes, not a dollar of which is permit-
ted to go into general circulation. If bankers
have not secured and retired it all, private indi-
viduals, having spare funds reserved for special
use in the future, have appropriated it in the
same way, because, unlike greenbacks or na-
tional bank bills, it is accumulating all the while,
and when the holder wants to use it it ia larger
in quantity by the accumulation of interest than
when stowed away.
So also of the seven-thirty bonds: they are
issued in the similitude of bank bills, and almost
as convenient as a circulation; they bear inter-
est at seven and three tenths per cent., with
coupons attached payable every six .months.
What better thing could a man lay away to
meet a future call than a seven-thirty bond?
If a man has $1,000 not needed for present
use, but expects to use it a year hence; he
chooses not to loan it, for its return when
needed may not be ccrtain; he does not lay
away greenbacks or national bank bills, be-
cause at the end of the year those bills remain
of the same value as when retired ; he con-
verts his $1,000 into seven-thirties, and these
at the end of the year are just as good as green-
backs, and seventy-three dollars more in the
bulk than when deposited by him. It requires
very little argument to convince men who have
an eye to thrift, what conrse to pursue in
such cases, and therefore I shall be believed,
I presume, when I assert that the seven-thir-
ties, serving the purpose of money are largely
engrossed, if not almost totally, in the reserved
funds of moneyed institutions and moneyed
pien. So also of the gold certificates: these
pay customs duty on foreign importations; the
gold is never drawn from the Treasury; it lies
there, and the certificates answer for the coin;
t&ko away the eertificates and the coin must
move; the certificate is money just as much as
one thiftg can be made a representative of
another.
Our currency, then, amounts actually at this
time to $1,671,000,000! This is very large,
indeed; but when we come to group up all the
items of trade and traffic of this vast empire,
the character of our people, their industry,
their enterprise, the development of the re-
sources of our country, its soil, its mines of
gold, of silver, of copper, of iron, of coal,
its rivers, its canals and railroads, its machin-
ery, by which the labor of man is increased a
hundredfold in productive efficiency, we can
begin to realize that a country, stretching from
ocean to ocean, with an active, enterprising
population of near forty millions, busily em-
ployed everywhere upon its surface, develop-
ing its resources and piling up wealth almost
beyond the conception of man—such a peo-
ple, with such a country, to accomplish the
work before them must neeessarily require a
currency of large capacity.
It is quite probable $1,600,000,000 is too
much: that is a question for the people to
determine who use it. But suddenly to reduce
this vast sum to one fifth its present amount
would inevitably disturb the settled condition
of our internal commercial traffic, and need-
lessly and wantonly bankrupt thousands of
our active and enterprising people, who, rather
than remain idle while politicians are argu-
ing the currency question, have embarked in
business, trusting to the good sense of those
controlling the public affairs, for wise and pru-
dent measures that whatever change may be
resolved upon shall be brought about, not
rashly, but by easy stages, that will give timely
warning to all of coming events, and thus pre-
pare all for the change.
EXTENT OF OUR BUSINESS.
To arrive at any safe conclusion as to the
amount of money required for the business of
the country we must know something of the
extent of the country and the amount of the
trade it affords. In 1850 the value of the real
and personal property of the United States
was $7,000,000,000. In 1860it was $36,000.-
000,000. Taking the increase from 1850 to
1860 as a criterion to judge of the increase
from that to the present time, say six years,
during which time our people have been more
than usually active in all industrial pursuits,
and accumulated more rapidly than at any
former period, and we may set down the wealth
of the country (leaving out the valuation of
slaves) at $'25,000,000,000.
Mr. McCulloch in his report says that the
annual products of agriculture, manufactures,
mining, mechanic arts, commerce, fisheries,
and forests amount to one fourth of the entire
wealth of the country. If he is correct then
we have a yearly production in 1866 of over
$6,000,000,000 of property; all of this dur-
ing the year is in some way or other measured
by money; money to buy, money to sell, money
to pay labor, money to buy food and clothing,
money to carry to market, money for every-
thing in the progress of production, in trans-
portation, in selling in market—money at every
step. Can $3,000,000 of currency fill up the
ten thousand reservoirs of retired money that
is withdrawn entirely from circulation to await
the convenience of the owners, and yet be ade-
quate to supply the wants of nearforty million
people, whose labor adds to the wealth of the
country annually, over $6,000,000,000 worth
of property?
OUR UATIONAI, TAX.
The revenue collected into our national
Treasury in 1866 amounted to the enormous
sum of $462,000,000. Now, with a currency
of $300,000,000 only, how does any financier
imagine this vast Government tax is to be paid
—yes, paid promptly—and yet leave a surplus
sufficient to answer the demands of forty mil-
lion people, with their $6,000,000,000 of fresh
productions, thrown annually upon the publie
market, to be bought and sola with money?
It cannot be done: and it is folly, it is mad-
ness to attempt it; nay, it would be a crime,
involving iu its consequences the general stag-
nation of business and universal bankruptcy.
Who can contemplate such meditated folly
without blushing for the manifest want of
financial skill and foresight of the statesmen
who advise such measures, at a time, too, when
every interest in the land is prospering and
the people never better satisfied, not only with
the prices of labor and productions, but with
the quantity and kind of money they are using?
ShaU we blindly yield to such teaching that,
with the syren song of specie payment, we shall
give away the unrivaled prosperity of the pres-
ent for a future of idleness, of poverty, of
suffering! for without the incentive to industry—
and nothing is more necessary for this than
money—there will be no activity in the indus-
trial pursuits of the country.
Who call for this restrictive system? who ask
the currency to be dwarfed to $300,<100,000?
Do the people clamor at the Halls of Congress
by their petitions begging us to diminish the
currency to $300,000,000? Do the people" ask
the withdrawal of "greenbacks" and invoke
specie in its stead, that prices may thereby-be
crushed down to the standard of hard money,
when that hard money they are told by our
Minister of Finance is less than $100,000,000,
and that he has to keep locked up as a safety-
fund for the Government?
LOW P SICES DESIRED.
Mr. McCulloch says prices are too high, and
by reducing the currency he hopes to bring
down prices. The farmer of Ohio sells his pork
at six dollars a hundred, his corn at fifty cents
a bushel, and all other marketable commodities
at like prices. Is he too well paid? Reduce
the currency to a third or a fourth of its pres-
ent volume, and where will the farmer be? No,
Mr. Speaker, the farmer asks for no such pol-
icy ; the people make no such request; they
are all anxious for specie payment, but they
are wise enough and patient enough to bide
their time and be content with " well enough"
until better can be had without incurring great
risks or taking violent and dangerous medicine.
"Increased production and lower prices,"
says Secretary McCulloch, "will bring about
specie payment." That means that the farmer
who now sells one hog for twenty dollars must
hereafter raise two or three hogs in order to
get the sum of twenty dollars; that is increas-
ing production and reducing price. But for
whose benefit? Certainly not tne farmer's. It
will enable the Secretary, perhaps, to realize
his favorite theory of specie payment; but it
is an achievement that will cost the people a
sacrifice that no man should exact, that he may
glory in the success of a dogma that never
promised anything but a curse to his country.
LOW PRICKS AffD HIGH TAXES.
While we are persuaded by the Secretary
that low prices are essential to specie payment,
we are also informed by him that large taxes
will still be required. The people were not
ignorant of this, and, in view of that fact, they
have wisely concluded that liberal prices would
be some compensation for high taxes. While
a load of corn will pay a tax bill of forty dol-
lars the farmer does not murmur at contribut-
ing liberally to relieve the Government; and
hence the revenue runs up to a million a day
without effort, without a murmur. But break
down the prosperity of the producing interests
of the country; bring pork and beef and corn
down to a specie standard, and then a wail of
woe will go np from every farmer in the land,
and your collectors will be compelled to make
beggarly returns, of delinquents, and bank-
ruptcy will become an epidemic extending
from the people to the national Treasury.
EANKKES WAST MOSSY 3CABOH,
Mr. McCulloch says:
" The conservative bankers of the country are quit®
unanimously io favor of a curtailment of the cur-
rency, with a view to an early return to specie pay-
meat,''
