1867/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
n$f
interest of rebels. In addition to this it lays
down a plan of reconstruction far in advance
of all that Congress demanded during its last
session and far in advance of any legislation
ever enacted on the subject. If it shall result
in reconstruction, it cannot fail to secure State
governments under which the rights of all men
will be respected. It may not give ascend-
ency to the Union men of the South just now,
but we cannot reject legislation in the interest
of humanity because it is not in the interest
of a party. If reconstruction shall not be
fairly conducted, if the loyal people of the
South are denied their full share and influence
in the great work, if force or fraud is employed,
if the result is not all that we can desire, as I
fear it will not be, then we have in express
terms reserved to Congress the right to reject
all that may be done and prescribe new terms
of reconstruction which will secure all that
may be desirable.
Gentlemen on this floor who do not act with
the Republican party object to this bill because,
as they allege, it attempts to force governments
on the South and to compel them to adopt uni-
versal suffrage.
It does not propose any such object. Once
more it leaves to the people of the ten rebel
States the privilege of voluntarily accepting or
rejecting the terms of reconstruction prescribed
in this bill.
For two years the people of the North have
declared that the existing State governments
in these ten States were illegal and must be
reconstructed. During all that time the people
of these States have stubbornly refused all
terms, and they neither tender nor accept any
plan of reconstruction. We do not yet compel
them to adopt or accept any plan. All is left
to their voluntary decision. And if they shall
voluntarily accept the terms now proposed
and adopt for themselves universal suffrage, it
does not become gentlemen here to object.
Thisbilldoesnot, as did the " Louisianabill,"
which passed this House a few days since, pre-
scribe a system of reconstruction which left to
the people no discretion to accept or reject it.
And yet we were asked by delegates repre-
senting the loyal men of every one of the rebel
States to pass a similar bill for each of those
States. Once more we hold out the olive
branch, and if it shall again be rejected the
public mind will then be prepared to deal with
this great subject in a mode and by the enact-
ment of laws which will accomplish their pur-
pose without the sanction of those who by
rebellion have forfeited the right to be con-
sulted.
Mr. DARLING. At this late hour I do not
intend to occupy the attention of the House
for more than a few moments ; but I feel that
I ought not to return to my constituents with-
out having expressed upon this floor my con-
viction that at last we have reached a measure
which will enable this country to be restored
once more to peace and prosperity. I was
induced, though with much reluctance, to vote
for this bill when it was before this House
originally ; and I rejoice that the Senate has so
amended it that it will commend itself, I trust,
to a majority of the members of this House.
Now, sir, in my judgment we have not lost
time, although two years have elapsed since
the surrender of the rebel armies. When
Grant and Sherman held in their iron grasp
the attenuated and vanquished armies of the
rebellion, and when the soldiers of the Re-
public confronted the cohorts of secession,
submissive and subdued, when victory perched
upon the banners of the Union, then, in my
opinion, was the proper time to commence the
work of reconstruction. But that time having
passed by without advantage having been taken
of the placable condition of the people of the
South and the prevailing feeling of magnan-
imity at the North—for anguish was then in
every household and the Treasury was bleed-
* ing at every pore—we are called upon now to
take up and do the work so long delayed. That,
Mr Speaker, was the time when the President
of the United States should have convened the
Congress of the United States and should have
submitted to them this question of reconstruc-
tion ; and if that had been done then, I believe
that to-day we would be a happy and reunited
people.
But, sir, the experience of the past tw'o years
has taught us a sad but perhaps a necessary
lessoti, and we must now profit by that expe-
rience. Practically we might as well left the
State governments of the rebel States in the
same condition as found by Grant and Sher-
man at the surrender of Lee and Johnston, as
nothing appears to have been gained under
the organization of provisional governments by
direction of the President. We have seen four
million people set free by one stroke of the
pen, restored to their liberty by a bloody and
exhausting war of four years; people who had
heretofore been deprived of all the rights due
to manhood and kept in a state of the most
abject oppression and degradation. By this
measure we propose to extend, not only to
them, but to all of the loyal men of the South,
that protection which under the Constitution
they have a right to demand at our hands.
We intend that while the military arm of the
Government is extended to protect them, the
people who have, been inflicting those hard-
ships and cruelties upon them, and who have
sought to destroy the best Government that the
sun of heaven ever slione upon, shall bo sub-
jected to the supervising power of the Gov-
ernment, with prompt and swift punishment,
unless the opportunity is improved to abandon
the error of their ways, to come back into a
restored Union, andbe.once more represented
in the Halls of Congress.
I regard this measure as liberal, as magnan-
imous, as charitable, while in all respects it is
just to all. The constitutional amendment
proposed by Congress at its last session was
accepted by the people of the North in a great
degree as the basis of a final settlement of this
question. We then declared in the great State
of New York that upon its ratification and
acceptance by the southern States, and the
election of loyal men to represent them, they
would be entitled to representation in Con-
gress. We have held out for six t)r eight long
months in hopes that they would accept the
conditions which we extended to them. But
they have refused totally and wholly to do so ;
and it now becomes our duty, although we are
in the last hours of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
to do that which the people of this country
expected us to do when they elected us to this
House, and that which they have looked to us
to do from the time we first assembled here
down to the present hour; that is, to su'bmit
to the people of this country a plan of recon-
struction which would restore this nation to
its former condition of peace and prosperity.
I believe this measure will accomplish that
result. I have no misgivings; I have no fears
such as have been expressed by other gentle-
men upon this floor. 1 trust that the Repre-
sentatives upon this floor of the great party to
which I belong and to whose expressions of
regard I owe my seat in this body, will be true
to themselves and to the great principles which
they represent by concurring with the Senate
in its amendment to this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I deem it proper upon this important question
to offer some remarks by way of explanation
of the vote which I expect to give, or which I
may fail to give.
It seems to me that there are three alterna-
tives presented. We have been offered the
original bill from the joint Committee on Re-
construction : we have now offered to us the
substitute proposed therefor by the Senate,
and if that substitute fails to receive the_ con-
currence of this House then the result will be
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses. That^ committee of
conference, it is presumable, will agree upon
some compromise between the original ^ bill
and the substitute now before us ; and it is
also presumable that their report will be a
compromise between the original bill and the'
substitute now before us;
I am conscientiously opposed to both the
bill and the substitute as original propositions.
I am opposed to the original bill, because I
regard it as one which tramples the Constitu-
tion of the United States in the dust. I am
opposed to it because it substitutes for civil
government the most despotic form of military
rule. Human ingenuity in my opinion could
not desire a measure more despotic, more
unconstitutional, more perfectly opposed to the
spirit and genius of our republican institutions
than the original bill knoiwi as Stevens's mil-
itary bill.
I am also opposed to the substitute passed
by the Senate, as an original or abstract prop-
osition, upon constitutional grounds. I believe
that the Congress of the United States has no
constitutional authority to establish the sort ■
of government which is proposed by that sub-
stitute on any State government. I believe
that Congress has no constitutional authority
to dictate to any State of this Union the kind
of constitution to be adopted by that State, or
to dictate to the acceptance by any State of
any amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; it has no authority to do this
either by direction or by indirection. I believe
that Congress has no constitutional authority
to dictate to any State in this Union what
qualifications it shall proscribe for its voters.
1 am therefore upon constitutional principles
opposed to the original bill as well as to the
substitute proposed by the Senate.
But the measure presented to me now comes
not as an original proposition, to be deter-
mined upon its own merits, but as an amend-
ment to the original bill, and is therefore in
the nature of an alternative proposition; and
while I shrink from it with instinctive horror
as an original abstract proposition, I am now
eallcd upon to consider and act upon it as
better or worse than the measure for which it
is a substitute. We must either take the origi-
nal bill, the substitute proposed by the Sen-
ate, or the measure which the committee of
conferencc will present.
Now, in this state of the case it becomes us
to ascertain the comparative merits and de-
merits of the original bill, the Senate substi-
tute, and the measure which will be presented
by the committee of conference, should this
subject be finally referred to them. I regard
the form of despotism embodied in the original
proposition from the Committee on Recon-
struction as the very worst that has ever been
imposed on any people in war or peace. I
regard the substitute of the Senate as a favor-
able modification, in some of its provisions,
of that original proposition, and I believe the
work of a committee of conference will par-
take of the character of each of the others, and
perhaps may bo worse than either of them,
certainly not less objectionable than the sub-
stitute.
Then as a practical statesman, looking to the
best interests of the whole country, and par-
ticularly of the communities most narrowly
affected, what do prudence and wisdom and
patriotism demand of mo in reference to these
several measures? As I said before, I repu-
diate each of them as an original measure. I
believe this Congress has no constitutional
right to pass either of them. Yet. it is certain
that this Congress will pass one or the other,
or perhaps substitute for them both something
that will be worse than either. Therefore_it
seems to me I am compelled to make a choice,
and by my vote, or by my failure to vote, give
my influence or support in favor of the one or
the other. It is a choice between evils, and
when the vote comes to he taken I shall en-
deavor to do my duty. 'I shall either not vote
at all or I shall vote for the substitute of the
Senate as fly? least of the two evils.
I believe that there is a wiser, a better, ana
an infinitely easier solution of these reconstruc-
tion difficulties, one perfectly consistent with
the Constitution of the United States, better
than either the one which emanated from the
