OTB CJOKGBESSIOtf AL GLOBS.
■January 18,
$80,000,000, mating $160,000,000 raised from
those two articles alone.
But suppose it impossible to reach.these fig-
ares by reason of frauds in the collection of the
whisky tax and short cotton crops;. making all
-reasonable deduction's for these contingencies,
I 'submit the following:
Revenue from whisky.,  $60,000,000
Revenue from I'ouon......    40,000,000
Revenue from tu&aoc'o..   18.000,000
Revenue from fermented liquors   5,000,000
Revenue fram license."   15,000,000
Revenue froijo stamps    20,000,000
Revenue from salaries.  2,000,000
- Total...... ,  
Expeneo'.... „
Balanee over expenses  
,.„160.000,000
....152,500,000
  '$7,500,000
Thus we have an excess of revenue of
$7,500,000 over all the ordinary expenses of
{rovernment, and no internal tax whatever
upon the industry of the country to annoy or
oppress the people. I do not say that other
items may not be properly added to the sources
of revenue, my object being to demonstrate, by
this exhibit, that there is a way to relieve the
people from the burden of,taxation and not
disturb the credit of the Government or de-
prive it of the means of usefulness to the full-
est extent possible.
PUBLIC DEBT—INTBBBST AND PRINCIPAL.
Tie money derived from customs being in
coin, after meeting the interest punctually as
it falls due, the residue should be applied by
the Secretary of the Treasury, by some well-
devised plan, to the purchase in open market
monthly of five or six millions of the public debt,
or so much thereof as the receipts of customs
may justify. By this process, the interest be-
ing punctually paid in coin, and a continued
market for bonds occurring every month, it
cannot be doubted that our five per cents, would
become popular stocks in the country; so much
so that it might even be practicable, in due
time, to supersede them with others bearing a
less interest. All depends upon public confi-
dence. It could scarcely be attainable if one
half of our people make war upon the bonds
and insist upon taxing them, out of credit, and
the chief officers of the Government denounce
our currency as unconstitutional and irredeem-
able, and the Congress that authorized them
as an illegal body, hanging upon the verge of
the Government, without c9mpetent authority
to make any law to protect the people or bind
the nation. We must have fidelity to the coun-
try in high places if wcTexpect to prosper by
the wisest measures that may be devised; men
who can rise above the mere partisan, and
whose devotion to their country is not over-
come by their lust of power.
FINANCIAL CONDITION' OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Mr. Speaker, the
bill which I introduced on the 7th of January,
1867, entitled "An act to provide a true na-
tional currency and to provide for the collection
and disbursement of the revenue, and the liq-
uidation of the national debt, and for other pur-
poses," as will be seen by the title, relates to
one of the most important sublects of legisla-
tion, a subject which has engaged the attention
of our most profound statesmen from the ear-
liest history of our Government, and has been
more or less prominent before every Congress
that has convened -since the establishment of
the Government, and which to-day is as much
an open question as when first introduced into
the Halls of legislation. Hardly a day passes
without the introduction of some measure look-
ing to a change in our monetary laws, or for
the establishment of a new monetary system,
indicating the universal opinion that the pres-
ent system is imperfect, if not'radically wrong.
The latter I hold to be true, and the bill which
I introduced contemplates a thorough change in
the financial policy of the Government, as well
as important alterations in our revenue system.
Among the chief objects for which Govern-
ments are instituted is that of protecting the
rights of property and socuring its equitable
distribution according to the labor or service
performed in its production. And no Govern-
ment, whether republican or not, tha't fails to
effect these important ends can permanently
secure the prosperity and happiness of the
people.
It cannot be successfully denied that physical
and intellectual labor employed in production,
and in the distribution of the products of labor,
is the true and only source of national wealth,
and that laborers, as a whole, are poor. Look
where you will upon society you will see those
who build palatial residences living in hovels ;
those who manufacture the finest apparel
clothed in the coarsest fabrics; and those who
produce in abundance the most wholesome
and delicate food subsisting upon the poorest
diet; all deprived of the time and means neces-
sary for social and intellectual culture, and to
a great degree destitute of the ordinary com-
forts and conveniences of life—condemned to
lives of unremunerated toil; while another
class, few in number, not physically, intellect-
ually, or morally better than the average of
socie'ty, acquire the larger portion of the prod-
ucts of labor, live, in comparative idleness,
surrounded with all the comforts, conven-
iences, and luxuries of life. Besides this evil
of centralizing wealth in the possession of the
few, every few years our country is visited with
a monetary crisis, prostrating all branches
of productive industry and legitimate enter-
prise, deranging commercial operations, retard-
ing the development of our natural resources,
preventing us from becoming self-sustaining
and independent as a nation. This disparity
in the conditions of society, these monetary
crises and commercial disasters are at one time
attributed to overproduction, another time to
short production; again they are assigned to
the want of sufficient tariff on imports or
duties on foreign manufactures. We have
greatly increased production by the invention
of labor-saving machines, have raised and low-
ered tariffs without producing any permanent
beneficial effects, unless it be the building up
a cotton-mill or iron aristocracy. The wealth
continues to centralize in fewer hands; the
number of industrious poor who own no real
and little personal property continues to in-
crease. None of the causes assigned have
ever satisfactorily accounted for these wrongs
or pointed to a remedy, because they do not
l'each the true source of the evil, which will
be found in the unfair distribution of the prod-
ucts of labor between non-producing capital
and producing labor caused by the institution
of money on a wrong principle, and with too
great power over labor and property.
Money is the medium of distribution between
non-producing capital and labor, the rate of
interest determining what proportion of the
products of labor shall be awarded to capital
for its use, and what to labor for its produc-
tions; and the law instituting it is the most
important fundamental law in any nation; if
established upon a wrong basis it cannot be
rightly governed by subsequent laws.
I am aware that this measure, or any one
proposing such a thorough change in the mon-
etary system and financial policy of the Gov-
ernment, will meet with opposition ; first from
the prejudices that exist generally in the human
mind against changes in the systems and usages
to which they have been long accustomed; but
these prejudices where honestly entertained
will readily yield to conviction. Yet it will
meet with opposition of another and different
character, one having its root in avarice, founded
on the personal and pecuniary interests of soul-
less usurers, the corporations and monopolies
which have been fostered into gigantic propor-
tions, endowed with dangerous powers over the
X-iroperty and liberties of men by the fraudulent
monetary system, the overthrow of which the
bill contpmplates. T have no hope that this
interest will yield to any arguments I may offer,
or indeed to any that can be offered; it has a
death grasp upon the nation, which, like the
institution of slavery, it will not yield until
utterly destroyed. But relying upon the ulti-
mate triumph of truth, this nor any other oppo-
sition shall deter me from the discharge of
what I hold to be a sacred duty which I owe to
my immediate constituents as well ,as to the
American people generally, that of warning
them of impending dang«r by pointing to the
path of safety. -
The bill provides for the reorganization of
the Treasury Department of the United States
by the establishment of a " Board of Manage-
ment of the Currency and Revenue," consist-
ing of the Secretary of the Treasury and four
other members, who, in all matters relating to
the currency and revenue, are to have an equal
voice with the Secretary of the Treasury. The
objects sought to be secured by this plan are:
first, a more thorough supervision and per-
sonal inspection of the detail of the business
belonging to this important branch of the pub-
lic service, by competent and responsible of-
ficers than can possibly be given to it by any
individual, however talented and capable he
may be. Admitting that a single individual
may have been able to discharge these import-
ant duties before the war, when the revenues
were derived mainly from custom duties and
the sale of the«publie domain, and when the
Department was not charged with the duties
of providing the currency, I think it will not
be doubted that the war has increased the
duties and responsibilities of the Department
at least fourfold, and "that they are too oner-
ous to be discharged by any individual without
detriment to the public interest.
Greater uniformity in the financial policy
of the Government would be- attained under
the proposed system; there would always be
three experienced members in the board,
which would constitute a majority and prevent
any sudden change in case of a change in the
political sentiments of the Administration.
This would give confidence to the business
community.
Our country has become so extended and
our interests so varied that it is impossible that
any man or any set of men residing in one lo-
cality can have a full and clear knowledge of
the business of all the other localities. In order
to obviate this difficulty, and that all sections
and interests may be fairly represented in the
board, the bill provides for choosing the mem-
bers by districts.
The bill contemplates the abolishment of all
banks, State and national. It could therefore
hardly be expected that any one who favors
the continuance of that system of currency, or
who is interested in those institutions, could
so far control his prejudices and interests as to
give the proposed plan a fair trial. Besides,
this class of the community have controlled
the financial policy of the Government and the
currency of the nation for the past thirty years;
and there is in the minds of the people very
generally an idea that they have conducted
them with an eye single to their own aggran-
dizement, without regard to the interests of
the industrial classes. I have therefore thought
it the wisest policy to exclude from the Board
of Management of the Currency and Revenue
all stockholders and bank officers.
As money exercises a wonderful power in
every department of business and industrial
occupation, and as its nature and regulation
appear to have baffled the wisdom of political
economists, and led them to the conclusion
that its alternate abundance and scarcity and
the fluctuating rates of interest are irremedi-
able evils, a full and clear knowledge of its
nature and properties, the functions it performs
in business transactions, is an indispensable
prerequisite in order to its institution upon true
principles. Money is, then, the legal medium
for the exchange of property and products, the
legal-tender in the payment of all debts public
and private, and a legal lien on all the property
in the nation. To be fitted for the perform-
ance of these functions, it must be endowed
with the following properties or powers, to wit:
power to represent value, to measure value, to
