1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moves
that tlie House non-concur, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] moves that the
House concur in the Senate amendment. The
motion to concur takes priority.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to inquire if the
vote is against concurrence whether that does
away "with the second motion to non-concur?
The SPEAKER. It does not; if the House
refuses to concur and no conference is asked,
tlio bill will be sent back to the Senate for their
action, and thatbody may recede, which will of
course pass the bill.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the reading of
the Senate amendment."
The amendment was read.
Mr. THAYER and Mr. SPALDING de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSS. I inquire if it is in order to lay
the preamble on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the whole
subjcct on the table.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. The House has al-
ready voted on that.
The SPEAKER. This is at a different stage.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to have a telegram which arrived
yesterday, read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELURIDQE. I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 08, not voting
1!>; as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin,
Bulwcll, Bingham, Blaino, Blow, Buckland, Buiuly,
Header W, Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Darling. .Davis,
Dawes, Defreos, Delano, Doming, Dodgo, Jiggloston,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Griswold, Hart, Hill, lloopor,
Chester D. Hubbard, James it. Hubboll, llulburd,
Kasson, Kotcham, Laflin, Ueorgo V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrotico, Longycar, Marvin, Maynard, Mo-
lndoe, MoKoo, Meltuer, Miller, Moorbead, Morris,
Ortli, Patterson, Plants, l'omoroy. Prieo, Raymond,
Alexander 11. ltice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau,
Hehunek, Spalding, Stilwoll, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Frnnois Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson,
Hurt Van Horn, William 15. Washburn, Welker,
Whaloy, Jjimes I1, Wilson, and Woodbridge—173.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, IJeamnn, Bergen, liontwell, Boyer,
lirandegee, Biomwell, Drooniall, Campbell,Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cooper, Uav.'son. Deilisoii, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Duilmut, Eldridgo, Eliot, Farquhar,
Finek, Goodyear, (irinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Harris, Hawkins,Hayes, Henderson, lligby,
Jiise, llogon, Holmes, Ilotehkiss, Demas ilnbbard,
John H, Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. Humphrey.
Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr,
Koonlx, Kuykenditll, Latham, Lo Blond, Leftwioh,
Loan, Lyneh, Marshall, MeCtillouiiU, Mereur, Moul-
ton, livers, Newell, NihUvek, Nicholson, O'Noill,
I'ainc, Perhnni, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J.
Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
VV'eniworth, Williams), >Stei)hen I1'. Wilson, Wiudom,
and Wright—oh.
NO'l1 VOTING—Messrs. Conkling, Culver, Dixon,
Ecklcy, Garfield, (ilossbrenner, Hale. A«ahel W. Hub
bard, Jenekcs, Jones, Marslon, McClurg, Morrill,
Noell, William II. Randall, Stron-e. .Klilm B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, and Wmiield—111.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROLLINS stated that his colleague,
Mr. Maus ton, had been called home by the
serious illness of his father. If present, he
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BAXTER said: My colleague, Mr.
Moruill is absent on account of the serious
illness of his mother. From what I know of
his good sense I believe that if present he
would have voted to non-concur.
Mr. \\ OODBR1DGE said: I desire to say
that my colleague Mr. Baxter is not present.
If he were here I have no doubt that in the
exercise of his good sense he would have
voted in favor of concurring. [Laughter.]
Mr. EGGLESTON stated that Mr. McCltog
was necessarily absent and had requested him
to state that if present he would have voted
" no" upon this motion.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Strottse had
been called home by sickness in his family,
and he understood that he had paired off with
Mr. Eckley, of Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING stated that if Mr. Eckley
were present he would vote "ay."
Mr. RADFORD stated that Mr. Winfield
was confined to his home by sickness and was
unable to attend the sessions of the House.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
non-concurred in: and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Stevens, that a committee of conference
be asked upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the amendments to the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask whether the
committee of conference have a right to sit
during the sessions of the House?
The SPEAKER. They have.
order of business. ■
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences, and the House will resume the
consideration of the bill reported on Thurs-
day last from the Committee on the Militia,
upon which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harding] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to take up an
amarojiriation bill, that will not occupy more
tfilft fifteen minutes. The Senate have sent
ns word that they have no appropriation bill
to act upon.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I will yield
for that purpose.
TENURE OP OFFICE.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. StevknhJ moves togo into
Committee of tlie Whole on the state of the
Union, 1 ask him to allow lue to make a report
from the committee of conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on Senate
bill No. 450, the bill commonly called the
tenure of office bill.
The SPEAKER, The report of a commit-
tee ol'conference is a privileged subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 submit a report from a
committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows :
Tho eommittco of eonferonco on tho di°agreeinp
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (ti. No. -15.*) regulating tho tcnuro of certain civil
•oOioos, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That tho bomito agroo to the first amendment of
theHouso with an amendment asfollows: at tho end
of section onoofsaid bill, inserttho following words:
"Provided, That tho {Secretaries of State, of the
Troasury, of War, of tho Navy, and of tho Interior,
the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively for and during
tho tcimof the President by whom they may have
boon appointed, and for ono mouth thereafter, sub-
ject to roiuovo! by and with the advice and eonscnt
of the Senato."
And tho Senate apcrcc to the same.
That the Senate recedo from their disagreement to
the second amendment of tho House, and agree to
the same. ROBERT 0. SCHENCK,
TIIOMAS WILLIAMS,
JAMES F. WILSON,
Managers on the part of the IIousc.
GEO ROW H. WILLIAMS,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on ihciyart of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to demand the
previous question upon the question of agree-
ing to the report of the committee of confer-
ence. But before doing so I will explain to
the TTouso the condition of the bill and the
decision of the conference committee upon it.
It will be remembered that by the bill as it
passed the Senate it was provided that the
concurrence of the Senate should be required
in all removals from office, except in the case
of the heads of Departments. The House
amended the bill of the Senate so as to ex-
tend this requirement to the heads of Depart-
ments a's well as to other officers.
Tho committee of conference have agreed
that the Senate shall accept the amendment of
the House. But inasmuch a'S this would com-
pel the President to keep around him heads of
Departments until the end of his term, who
would hold over to another term, a compro.-
mise was made by which a further amendment
is added to this portion of the bill, so that the
term of office of the heads of the Departments
shall expire with the term of the President
who appointed them, allowing those heads of
Departments one month longer, in which in
case of death or otherwise other heads of De-
partments can be named. This is the whole
effect of the proposition reported by tho com-
mittee of conference; it is in fact an accept-
ance by the Senate of the position taken by the
House.
Mr. LE RLOND. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman who has charge of this re-
port whether it becomes necessary that the
Senate shall concur in all appointments of
executive officers, and that none of them can
be removed after appointment without the con-
currence of the Senate?
Mr. SCHENCK, That is the case. But
their terms of office are limited, as they are
not now limited by law, so that they expire
with the term of service of the President who
appoints them, and one month after, in case
of death or other accident, until others can be
substituted forthem by the incoming President.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand, then, this
to be the effect of the report of the committee
of conference in the event of the President
finding himself with a Cabinet officer who does
not agree with him, and whom he desires to
remove, he cannot do so and have a Cabinet
in keeping with his own views unless tho Sen-
ate shall concur.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman certainly
does not need that information from me, for-
tius subject has been fully debated in this
IIousc. ,
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I hope the House
will not agree to the report of tne committee
of conference.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I call the previous question,
upon agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I call for tho yeas and nays
upon this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 41, not vot-
ing 08; asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos It. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, lilame,
Blow, Boutwcll, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buekland, Header AV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Darling, Doming, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot. Farnswortli, Kar-
ri 11 ha r, Ferry, Grinnell, Abnor C. Harding, Hart,
Hayes, Henderson, lligby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
Ilotehkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, llul-
buul, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson,Kelley, Kelso, Ket-
eham, Koontz, ICuykendall, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marvin, Maynard, Mclndoc, MeKee, Mclluer, Mer-
eur, JVIiller, Myers, Newell, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Porham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentwortli, Williams, Jaincs P. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Einek,
fllossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Ilise, Humphrey, Hunter, Iverr, Latham, Le Blond,
Lcftwich.MeCullough, Niblack, Nicholson, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, iloss Rousseau,
Shanklin, Sitgrcaves, Stiiwell, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
II. Ward. Whaloy, and Wright—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Barker, Bingham,
Bundy, Conkling, Culver, Davis, Dawes, Defrees,
Delano, Dixon, Eckley, Garfield, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Hale, Hogan. Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Jenckes, Jones, Marshall, Marston, McClurg, Moor-
liead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Noell, O'Neill,
Phelps, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, and Winfiold—38.
So the report was agreed to.
