1867.
Tm C0MGEISSIONAL GLOBE
m
exchange value, and to aceummukstff valtie by
interest.
These properties or- powers are inherent in
no natural substance and must be conferred
On the material used for money by national
law. Money has no material value; only an
immaterial or legal value.
The material of money, gold, silver, paper,
or any other substance, is a legalized agent
made to express the form, properties, or powers
of money and render thjsm available in busi-
ness transactions. Common usage has applied
the term measure to the material by the means
of which length, weight, &c., are ascertained.
It matters not whether the yard-stick or pound
weight be of wood, iron, or gold, length and
weight are the only properties necessary to be
expressed by them, and possessing the stand-
ard limits, their material is a matter of indif-
ference. Of course some material is indis-
pensable ; but the only thing that makes one
substance preferable to another is its superior
convenience. So of money; it is a matter of
indifference by what material the powers are
expressed, for the material is merely a sub-
stance fixed upon by law; the natural powers
of any material do not make it money. Its
powers and agency, as money, are delegated
to it by law, in addition to its natural capabil-
ities. When gold is used, the powers conferred
upon it make it an equivalent for every species
of property. If gold had not been selected for
the material of money, and a legal powergiven
to it to exchange property and to accumulate
interest for its use, a man would have as little
need for more gold than he requires for uten-
sils and ornaments, as he has for more clothes
than he can wear, or more tools than he can
use. Bat when it is made the agent of these
legal powers, it becomes necessary to acquire
the gold in order to discharge debts ; and the
quantity of the metal being limited its owners
are enabled to extort from the necessitous a
very high price for its use. The common opin-
ion that the material of a currency must be
something scarce and difficult to procure, that
the limited amount may render it permanently
valuable, arises from a' misconception of the
nature of money, the properties of which are
entirely independent of the material. The
value of money depends upon its powers to
represent, measure, accumulate, and exchange
value.
These powers given to any convenient mate-
rial by congressional enactment will qualify
it for a medium of exchange, and in every
particular constitute it money. The power
to make money and regulate its value is an
essential attribute of sovereignty, carrying with
it the power to control the value of all the
property in the nation, regulate the division of
the products between capital and labor, and
fix the rewards of labor in every department
of industry. While this power has been wisely
and properly granted to Congress, there is no
more authority granted to that body by the
Constitution of the United States to delegate
this sovereign power to any class of individuals
or corporations than there is for the delegation
of the judicial power. It is, therefore, the
imperative duty of Congress to institute money
upon such a wise and just basis that its value
and powers may be uniform throughout the
jurisdiction of the Government; ana with the
power vested in the sovereign people to regu-
late its value'so that it may distribute products
to producers according to the labor and service
performed in their production.
Time will not permit me, on this occasion,
to treat in detail the general nature and prop-
erties of money as.folly as the importance of
the subject demands, and I shall therefore
confine myself to a few brief ^remarks on its
accumulative power, and then proceed to show
that the rate of interest is the governing power
in the distribution between capital and labor,
and that the present rates greatly exceed the
increase by natural production. T.he rate or
amount of interest that the dollar commands
determines its value and makes it equal to a
given amount of actual value, or property, as
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. ?>7.
much as the net proceeds of a farm deter-
mines its value—which consists in its value
to produce. The value of the money is arti-
ficial, and depends on its legal power to rep-
resent actual value and to accumulate by
interest. A farm that produces a net annual
income of $1,000 is more valuable than one
that yields but $500; so a dollar that can be
loaned for twelve per cent, is more valuable*
than one that can be loaned for but six per
cent. The value of money as much depends
upon its legal power to be loaned for an in-
come as the value of a farm does upon its
power to produce. Any increase or diminu-
tion of the power of money to accumulate by
interest increases or diminishes proportionately
its value, and consequently its power over
labor and property. To keep the value of
money uniform, the rate of interest must be
kept uniform. Doublingthe power of the dol-
lar to accumulate doubles the value of the
dollar. It may still retain the name of dollar,
but it will possess twice its former power over
property and labor.
It may be objected that, while what has been
said of money is true, so far as our home busi-
ness is concerned, yet the adoption of such a
monetary system would operate injuriously upon
our foreign trade; that as all commercial na-
tionshavelegjlized the so-called precious metals
as money we cannot maintain commercial re-
lations with them unless we also legalize them
as money. A sufficient answer to this objec-
tion is, that our coin is not current or legal
money, at the standard fixed by our laws, in
any foreign nation. They only receive it at the
standard fixed by their laws, and greatly prefer
our bullion to our coin. Besides, legitimate
commerce is the exchange of the products of
the territory and labor of one nation for those
of another. All beyond mere barter is a mat-
ter of debt, and if we imported $300,000,000
(that being about the amount of our coinage) in
excess of the exports of our production, we
would have to part with all our coin, which
would derange the entire industrial interests of
the nation. Again, if we did not use these metals
for a circulating medium, we would have more
of them to ship abroad as bullion to settle
balances or to exchange for articles of real
value. We could take up $300,000,000 of our
national bonds now held abroad, and thereby
save $18,000,000 of interest annually, which
would be a great relief to a people overbur-
dened with taxes.
The advocates of a specie currency argue that
the so-called precious metals require about an
equal amouat of labor for their production the
world over, and therefore they are the true
measures of all values; that it is the labor
incorporated into them that gives them their
value as money. If this be true of these met-
als, it should be true of all the productions of
labor. If A produces, by one hundred days'
mining, gold to the value of $200, the Govern-
ment will stamp it as money for him; and if
B produces, by one hundred days' labor, two
hundred bushels of wheat, which the Govern-
ment purchases of him for $200, and he is
willing to take a piece of paper stamped as
money by the Government $200," there can
surely be no valid objection against the Gov-
ernment doing so. It would represent the same
amount of labor; and if it had the same legal
powers as the gold it would perform all the
iunctions of money equally as well, coexten-
sive with the jurisdiction of the law. We have a
practical illustration of this in the first series of
Treasury notes issued, which was $50,000,000,
payable in coin on demand. These notes passed
at par with coin until the banks and the Gov-
ernment suspended specie payments, when they
began to depreciate in value, as compared with
coin, and continued to decline until they were
made receivable for duties on foreign imports,
or in other words, were made legally equal to
coin, when they immediately rose to par, and
have remained so ever since. Or if £) be the
holder of a bond for $1,000, which he wishes
to convert into money, and is willing to ex-
change it for a legal-tender Treasury note, it ia
difficult to conceive of any valid reason why
the Government should not make the exchange#
rather than to subject him to heavy discount,
for the benefit of some banker.
This erroneous idea that the value of money
inheres in its material, and that gold and silver
possess some indefinable property or qualifica-
tion that fits them above all other substances
for the material of money is at the bottom of
the false theories respecting the nature of
moneys aod its rightful institution. It is the
cause of its alternate abundance and scarcity,
of the high and fluctuating rates of interest, and
has led to the adoption of the many false sys-
tems of banking by which the legitimate busi-
ness of the country has been so often deranged
and the industrial, wealth-producing classes
robbed of the products of their labor. And
while this mistaken notion is entertained by the
people and their law-makers these evils must
continue. But when the nature and properties
of money are clearly understood, and there ia
a willingness on the part of all to be governed
by the precepts of the golden rule, the chief
difficulty in the way of its institution on true
principles will be removed; and its institution
on correct principles will do more to lift the
weight from the back of the industrial classes,
and encourage thedevelopmentof our resources
than all the bankrupt and tariff laws that have
been enacted since the formation of the Gov-
ernment.
I come now to show that the rate of interest
on money is the governing .power in the distri-
bution of the products of labor between non-
producing capital and producing labor. There
are but two purposes to which the yearly prod-
ucts of labor can be applied. One is the pay-
ment of the yearly rent or interest on the cap-
tal employed, and the other is the payment of
labor. The rate of interest maintained on
loans of money determines what proportion of
the earnings of labor shall be paid for the use
of capital, and what proportion shall be paid
to the laborers for their productions. If labor-
ers pay to capital as rent or interest for theyear
their whole surplus products, the laborers as a
body work for a mere subsistence of food, cloth-
ing, and shelter. To give an idea to what ex-
tent the power of interest operates it is only
necessary to say that all the money lent on
bonds and mortgages by individuals, by insur-
ance and trust companies, all lent for United
States, State, county, city, railroad, canal, and
other bonds, to make public improvements,
whether these improvements be made by cor-
porations, bv the State, or by individuals, also
all the money lent by banks, brokers, and in-
dividuals on promissory notes—all these loans
are operating with a like centralizing power
against the producer and distributors of the
national wealth and in favor of the money-
lenders.
This power also establishes a like rate per
cent, rent to be paid for the use of all prop-
erty, real and personal. All the goods on hand
in the nation, and in process of being manu-
factured, are under tribute to this centralizing
power. It is an unavoidable power, because
it is instituted and enforced by the national
laws, and is the basis upon which all market
values are founded. It may be proper to
remark in this connection that in the calcula-
tions that follow I have compounded the inter-
est annually, which is the national law gov-
erning increase by percentage. The lowest
rate of interest upon money established by any
State is six per cent, per annum, and the rate
has fluctuated between six and twenty per
cent, since the formation of the Government.
If we take into the account the rates author-
ized on the bonds of the United States, States^
&c., and the price at which these bonds have
been sold and the exorbitant rates in many
cases charged in business transactions, I think
it will not be doubted that the rat© has aver-
aged as much as ten per cent, per annum since
the earliest settlement of the country.
To get a clear idea of the accumulative
power of money and its influence in the dis-
tribution of the wealth of the nation we must
