1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
sert these items with, in some cases, addi-
tional provisions.
I will say in order to cover all these cases,
that a new section has been proposed by the
committee which we have not yet reached, to
come in at the end, imposing new duties upon
the Indian Bureau to report the items in par-
ticular of these expenditures in future as they
shall be made annually; so that we may know
exactly the articles for which the money is
paid, thus putting a new check upon the entire
disposition of this fund. I would be glad, of
course, if I could conscientiously, as: the gen-
tleman desires, ask the House to strike out
these items, but we cannot do it without ex-
posing the country, and especially the peaceful
whites in those regions to outrage and murder.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire simply to say
that I understood the debate the other day
quite differently from what seems to bo the
impression of the gentleman from Iowa. If I
understood it, the action the other day went
over the ground that this House had recently
passed a very important bill looking to a
change of the administration of Indian affairs,
transferring it from the Department of the
Interior to the Department of War. Should
that bill become a law the War Department
would desire to have appropriations made
under its own estimates. It was stated that
the current or existing appropriations were
sufficient to carry on the Indian Bureau till
the end of the present fiscal year, and as the
Fortieth Congress would assemble on the 4th
of March there would bo umple time for it to
mature an Indian appropriation bill for the
next fiscal year. Therefore the House-deter-
mined that, all the appropriations not necessary
to carry out the stipulations of existing
treaties should bo stricken out, and that it
would postpone action during the present Con-
gress upon that portion of the bill, and leave
it to our successors in the next Congress to
net upon estimates from the War Department,
should the change anticipated by the action of
the House be made.
1 will not go over the ground. I refer to tho
recollection of gentlemen that the complaints
of tho management of tho Indian Bureau under
tho Department of the Interior have been long
and grievous. The House may determine to
remedy them if a remedy is possible in the
nature of things.
It does .seem to mo, with nil deference to
tho Committee on Appropriations, that the
House did decide this matter, and decided it
upon lull consideration and discussion—de-
cided it, knowing what they were about, atid
decided that those items now sought to be
reintroduced into the bill, were not necessary
to be passed by us at the present session, but
could bo provided for by our successors in the
next Congress, and that we might safely leave
the work to be done by them, in the light of
such legislation in regard to tho Indian Bureau
as this Congress may enact.
Mr. THAYER. I hope tho House will
understand the process to which they are now
being subjected. The other day the House
voted by a very considerable majority, instruc-
tions to this committee to strike out of this
bill the very provisions which now, upon tho
motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kasson,] are sought to be reinserted. The
House in coming to that conclusion had made
up its mind to abandon the mistaken policy
which had hitherto been pursued, in voting
large sums of money with the ostensible pur-
pose of preserving peace in the Indian country,
but with the real effect of supplying sums of
money to be plundered by Indian agents.
Now, let the House consider this matter.
The gentleman from Iowa, in regard to one
of the amendments already acted upon by the
House, has told us that the sum appropriated
would, in that particular instance, amount
to about one dollar for every Indian. I ask
the common sense of this House how far one
dollar a head to an Indian tribe will go to
enable them to build houses and enter into
agricultural pursuits. • Sir, if the Indians ever
get that dollar a head which you have just
voted, it will not be spent on houses or agri-
culture, but in the purchase of whisky.
But in point of fact I believe that a very
small portion of that dollar will ever reach the
Indian for whom it is suppossed to be intended.
Sir, we have proceeded upon this mistaken
policy long enough. It has failed to accom-
plish the purposes for which its advocates
claim thai it was intended. It has not pre-
vented Indian wars. We have pursued this
system steadfastly for years, and yet Indian
wars still continue to desolate the whole west-
ern country, and the passage through that
country is now. as we all know, impracticable
unless by armed men. It, is in vain that you
continue this useless policy of expenditure.
It does not accomplish the purpose, it does
not prevent Indian wars; and those wars and
atrocities will rage as they have always raged
heretofore, notwithstanding all the money
you may appropriate to appease the Indian
tribes.
Sir, I do not know from what cause, but
either bccause this money is improperly ap-
plied or because it is squandered by the agents
to whose hands it is intrusted, or owing to the
fact that the receipt of the money has no effect
upon the savages who receive it, the fact stands
out incapable of denial that, while you pour
out your money like water for this purpose,
Indian warfare is prosecuted with unabated
vigor, and to the unceasing destruction of our
emigrants and pioneers.
Sir, I hdpe tho House will adhere to the
action which they took the other day, and that
they will keep out of this bill all sums which
aro not necessary for actual expenditure in the
Indian department, and for carrying out in
good faith the treaties which we have made
with tho Indian tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am
very sorry (o hoar gentlemen who live so far
from tho scene of these difficulties as tho gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
WEi.n] get up and tell us about useless ex-
penditures upon tho Indians. It strikes me as
exceedingly strange that men who have hardly
ever seen tho track of an Indian should rise
in this House and state that money which has
been expended thousands of miles from them
has been uselessly exponded.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
vaiu)] anticipates, however, the transferor the
Indian Bureau from tho Interior Department to
tho War Department, and therefore bethinks
there ought to be no appropriations of this
kind made at this time. I understand, sir,
that tho Senate has not passed tho bill which
received the approval of this House, and there
is very little probability that it will be passed
in that body. It will not do for us to wait to
see whether the Senate will pass that bill,
meanwhile making no provision for the Indian
difficulties which may occur during the ensuing
year.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] talks about the continued
expenditures for Indians. He seems to think
that this matter ought to have been all closed
up many years ago. Now, gentlemen when
they entertain such an idea forget the princi-
ple which governs them on other questions.
Gentlemen come here and ask for appropria-
tions for improving their rivers and harbors,
which have been in use for three hundred years.
I might inquire, will they never get done ask-
ing for such appropriations?
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman refers to
me, lie will allow me to say that I voted against
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want to say, Mr.
Speaker, that just so long as the United States
Government is taking new lands from the In-
dians, so long will there be new expenses. Just
so long as the settlements of the whites are
pushed forward to the hunting grounds of the
wild Indians we may expect new difficulties,
and we shall be required to make new appro-
priations. I am perfectly astonished that a
statesman should rise here and manifest so
little knowledge of the principles of our Gov-
ernment as to imagine that appropriations
made to feed and clothe the Indians a hun-
dred years ago ought to answer for the present
day, when thousands and tens of thousands of
wild Indians are being brought within the circle
of civilization every year.
Mr. Speaker, there must be appropriations
probably for the next hundred years unless
the Governmentkills all the Indians or civilizes
them, or builds an impassable wall between the
whites and the Indians. Just so long as white
emigrants continue to push (forward into the
wilderness, the native home of the Indians,
you may expect renewed applications for appro-
priations either to kill or to feed and clothe
those Iqdians.
The people I have the honor to represent
have within the last two years lost $250,000
by depredations of Indians who were not under
treaty with the Government. These Indians
are in wandering tribes. They acknowledge
no authority. They rob and steal when and
where they please, and they will continue to
do so until they are collected, put upon reser-
vations, and taught the arts of civilization.
The people in eastern Oregon and in Idaho Ter-
ritory have suffered to such an extent from
these .wandering Indians that they have banded
themselves together and offered a reward for the
scalps oflndians, men, women, and children. I
do not say that the government of that State
or Territory has done this ; but individuals,
feeling the necessity of having the Indians
cither civilized or killed, have formed associa-
tions and offered rewards of $100 for the scalp
of a full-grown male Indian, fifty dollars for
the scalp of an Indian woman, and twenty
dollars for the scalp of an Indian child. This
is the horrid system into which the whites may
everywhere be driven unless this Government
will take proper care of the Indians.
I received yesterday a letter from the Gov-
ernor of Idaho Territory, an intelligent, hon-
est, loyal man as any in tho nation, and he
urges that these Indians, these fragments of
bands, must bo collected, placed upon reserva-
tions, and cared for by the Government, or
their depredations will cost ten times as much
as the appropriations necessary to provide for
them properly. In the State of Oregon and
tho Territory of Idaho alone at least one hun-
dred thousand dollars ought to be appropriated
this year for collecting and placing Indians
upon reservations. If this were done it would
be a vast saving, not only of money, but of
lives. I said that the people of my own Stale
have lost perhaps two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars by Indian depredations. I will
now say that nearly that many valuable lives
have been lost in the same way.
Now, I ask members of tho House what is
to be done? Shall this stealing and murder-
ing continue, or shall we make the necessary
appropriations for collecting the Indians upon
reservations and teaching them the arts of civ-
ilization? I do hope that the Government will
not be "penny wise and pound foolish," but
will act with a prudent generosity upon this
subject.
Mr. SC0FIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,]
I wish to put to the gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Henderson] a question which 1 would
have been glad to put to him before he took
his seat.
I desire greatly any information on this sub-
ject which the gentleman from Oregon may bo
able to give us. He may have information
which wo have not. In the remarks which I
submitted to the House I did not pretend to
speak from any special knowledge that I had
upon the subject, nor did I advance any opin-
ions of my own. I spoke of the opinions largely
prevailing in this country and on which the
action of this House has been taken. One of
those opinions is—and on this point I would
like to hear from the gentleman from Oregon—
that the men who have been selected as Indian
