578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,>
take the longest possible period in our history.
The first permanent settlement on our territory
was made at Jamestown, in Virginia, in 1607,
or two hundred and sixty years ago; now, if
these settlers had purchased of the mother
Country the entire territory of the United
States for one dollar, and given their obliga-
tions bearing ten per cent, interest, payable
two hundred and sixty years after date, their
obligations would fall due the present year,
and I doubt not it would be considered by
many to have been a good financial operation,
and all that would be necessary to discharge
this obligation would be for the Secretary of
the Treasury to part with a portion of the gold
now lying idle in the Treasury, or to make a
draft for the money deposited with the national
banks. But the result will, I think, convince
the most strenuous advocate for high rates of
interest that no nation or people can pay ten
per cent, without robbing labor and central-
izing the wealth in the hands of the very few.
This one dollar with interest at ten per cent,
compounded annually for two hundred and
sixty years, will amount to $59,650,000,000, or
over three times the present value of all the
property real and personal of the United States.
There are in the United States at the pres-
ent time about seven million two hundred
thousand male inhabitants over the age of
twenty years, and allowing each of them to
work three hundred days in the year, the num-
ber of days' work performed annually would
be two billion one hundred and sixty million.
To pay the annual interest on the above sum
would require $2 76 for each day's labor per-
formed in the' nation. Now, let us see what
the result would have been with the honest
and well-regulated dollar; with money so insti-
tuted as to be the servant and not the master
of labor. Had the obligations for the pay-
ment of the one dollar been made to bear
three per cent, per annum, the amount would
be $2,180. But it may be objected that the
resources of the country were not developed
as rapidly during her colonial condition as
since the establishment of her independence,
and that the per cent, is above the average rate
of interest. I will therefore compare the in-
crease in the national wealth by natural pro-
duction with the accumulative power of money
at seven per cent, interest since the Declara-
tion of Independence.
There are in the thirteen original colonies or
States three hundred and forty-seven thousand
square miles, or two billion ninety-five million
seven hundred and sixty thousand acres, which
I will suppose our ancestors to have purchased
in 1776 at fifty cents per acre; including im-
provements and personal property, the amount
would have been $1,047,888,000. This would
have been but little over $'2o0per capita, which
I think will not be considered an overestimate
of the then value of the property of the nation ;
for allowing it to have increased at the rate of
increase during the decade from 1850 to 1860,
which was three and one third per cent, per
annum, the amount on the 4th of July, 1867,
would, in round numbers, be $20,723,820,000,
which is a little in excess of the present value
of the national wealth, which is, in round
numbers, $20,330,000,000. Now, had the then
estimated value of the wealth of the nation,
$1,047,880,000, increased attherate of seven per
cent, per annum for the same time, the amount
would, in round numbers, be $506,100,000,000,
or nearly twenty-five times the value of the
national wealth on 4th of July, 1867, includ-
ing the Territories since acquired.
Again, to present this subject in still stronger
light, I will estimate the revolutionary war to
have cost the nation $362,120,000, which I
think all will admit a very moderate estimate:
suppose our ancestors at the time of the Dec-
laration of Independence to have purchased
the country of England for this sum, and given
their obligations, bearing seven per cent, inter-
est, payable ninety-one years after date, with
interest compounded annually; this I doubt
not would be considered to have been a good
financial operation; and so it would if money
were worth seven per cent, per annum, or the
increase in the national wealth had equaled
seven per cent, per annum. Such a negotia-
tion would have saved the cost of the revolu-
tionary war. I will therefore add it to the
then estimated value of the national wealth,
which would make the value of the national
wealth at that time $1,400,000,000. Had this
sum increased at the rate of three and one
third per cent, per annum the amount would
be $27,683,000,000, while the increase on the
$362,120,000 for the same time at seven per
cent, would- be $174,930,000,000, or over six
times the amount of what the entire national
wealth would have been, and over eight times
the amount of the present value of the national
wealth.
There is a class of financiers, claiming to be
honest and intelligent, who argue that money
is worth more in new and undeveloped than in
old and improved countries. I have heard hun-
dreds of them contend that it was worth ten
percent, in the State of Illinois. For the bene-
fit of this class I will exhibit the following facts:
I will take the State of Illinois, which contains
fifty-five thousand square miles, or thirty-five
million two hundred thousand acres, and which,
considering fertility of soil, mineral wealth,
commercial advantages, and variety and salu-
brity of climate, I think is not surpassed by any
other contiguous territory of equal extent on
this continent or elsewhere. I think it quite
safe to assume that the rate of interest on money
there has averaged ten per cent, per annum
since the first settlement of the territory, which
I will assume was on the 4th of July, 1816, or
fifty-one years ago. Now, had the present set-
tlers or their ancestors purchased the entire
territory of the State at the Government price
of $1 25 per acre, and given their notes or obli-
gations therefor, bearing ten per cent, interest
per annum, these obligations would fall due the
present year, and would amount to the enor-
mous sum of $5,718,044,444, or $162 44 per
acre for each and every acre of land within
the limits of the State. The interest on the
total sum for one year would be $571,804,444;
to pay the interest would require an annual
rental of $16 24 per acre on all the lands in
the State, or probably as much as thirty dollars
per acre for that portion under cultivation,
while the value of the State as per census of
1860 was but $871,860,280. If you double this
amount it will not amount to one third of the
accumulations of the interest on the purchase
at $1 25 per acre. There is not one of my col-
leagues that does not know that the lands, with
all the cities, towns, railroads, and other im-
provements, would not sell for half the amount
of the accumulations -by interest on the first
purchases; this, too, notwithstanding that pop-
ulation and wealth has poured into the State
beyond any parallel.
Kellogg, who has given this subject of the
accumulative power of money and the distri-
bution of money as much attention and treated
it more ably, than any man of the age, says
that before the war as much as one halt' of all
the wealth of the nation was owned by five per
cent, of the population, and these for the most
part the non-producers, who loaned their money
or rented their property to the wealtb-produ-
cing classes. The etfect of the war has been to
diminish production, increase the rate of inter-
est on money, and to Centralize the wealth more
rapidly. I therefore think it quite safe to esti-
mate that as much as sixty per cent, of the
wealth is now owned by five per cent, of the
population. If any one doubts this let him
take any city or town the population of which
is ten thousand and see if he cannot find one
hundred of the most wealthy citizens who own
at least sixty per cent, of the property, and
allowing five to the family this would make
five hundred, which is five per cent, on ten
thousand. 'Taking, the national wealth at
$20,000,000,000, it would give to the non-pro-
ducing class $12,000,000,000 of the national
wealth, which they loan or rent to the indus-
trial classes, and the rate of interest will aver-
age at least eight per cent, per annum, mak-
ing the yearly burden imposed upon labor
$960,000,000, while the increase on $20,000,-
000,000 of national wealth at three and one
third per cent, per annum will amount to but
$667,000,000, leaving the wealth-producing
classes indebted to capital or the non-pro-
ducers $293,000,000 at the end of the year.
But the question naturally arises how we are
to ascertain the just rate of interest on money.
Happily we are not without sufficiently reliable
data to approximate the true rate nearly enough
for all practical purposes. Agriculture is the
leading interest and foundation of the national
wealth; and the increase in this important
branch of industry may be taken as the true in-
dex in all other departments; and the division
between landlord and tenant may be safely
adopted as the rule of distribution between capi-
tal and labor in all other branches of productive
industry. And I find, by careful examination
and critical analysis, that during the decade
from 1850 to 1860, which was as prosperous a
one as we have had since the establishment
of the Government, the increase in improved
lands and unimproved lands was forty per
cent.; the increase in wheat, rye, corn, and
oats, forty-four per cent.; and the increase in
all kinds of live stock, thirty-four per cent.
Taking, then, the increase in lands, all kinds
of grain and live stock,, the total increase in
these staple productions of agriculture for
the last ten years was thirty-nine per cent.,
or three and one third per cent, per annum
nearly ; and a renter cannot afford to pay over
one third of the net proceeds and keep up all
repair of a good and well-improved farm. If,
then, the division of products between capital
and labor in the most important branch of
productive industry be adopted as the stand-
ard of distribution between capital and labor
in all other departments of useful industry, it
will be seen that the true rate of interest on
money should be but one and one ninth per
cent, per annum. Now, let us see how the
account would stand between labor and capi-
tal with the rate of interest on money at one
and one ninth per cent, per annum. Twelve
billion dollarsatthis rate would be $133,000,000,
while the increase on $20,000,000,000 of na-
tional wealth at three and one third per cent,
would be $666,000,000, leaving a balance in
favor of the wealth-producing classes at the
end of the year of $533,000,000; with interest
at two and a half per cent., the balance in
favor of the industrial classes at the end of the
year would be $366,000,000; and with interest
at three per cent, the balance in favor of the
laborer would be $306,000,000 annually—a
result in either case more encouraging to the
industrial wealth-producing classes, and one
very much more to be desired by all patriots,
philanthropists, and Christians, than the for-
mer one, which will leave labor indebted to
non-producing capital $293,000,000 annually.
I come next to consider the fitness or rather
the unfitness of the present monetary and reve-
nue systems and the financial policy to meet
the wants of the Government and business in-
terests of the country. Time on this occasion
will not permit me to examine in detail the laws
creating the so-called national banks and es-
tablishing the revenue system, and I must con-
tent myself with the notice of only a few of
their most important provisions, which will
serve to indicate their general character and
show that they are calculated to" promote the
interest of non-producing capital and to impose
unnecessary and grievous burdens on the eater-
prising industrial classes.
We have contracted an enormous national
debt, one more onerous than that of any civil-
ized or Christian nation on the globe. The
annual interest on the national debt of Great
Britain is but $121,000,000. When the patri-
otic bankers and financiers get the "green-
backs" withdrawn from circulation, and the
whole national debt converted into gold interest-
bearing bonds, and we add to the national debt
proper that of townships, counties, cities, and
States, contracted for war purposes, our annual
interest will amount to at least $."240,000,000 in
