im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
for the reason that I always wanted to be
entirely independent.
I do not desire to say anything further. I
simply wanted to put in my warning voice, for
I have studied this subject, and I wanted to
notify gentlemen that this proposed action will
involve a much larger expenditure hereafter,
to say nothing of the loss of human life.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to answer two or
three of the objections which have been raised,
and then to get a vote upon this clause and upon
the other clauses, for the principle^ which guided
the committee on this clause guided them on
all. I repeat that the committee have exam-
ined these various clauses and have reduced to
the. last dollar every appropriation proposed
here, several of them being decidedly under
the estimates.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would aslc if any of them
have been reduced since they were last re-
ported.
Mr. KASSON. "We reduced them from the
estimates before we reported them, and^ wc
have modified them in one or two clauses since
the bill was sent back to us.
Mr. SCOFIELD. By enlarging them?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; there is no en-
largement at all; on the contrary, there is a
restriction.
I must again call the attention of the House
to the fact that the gentleman who makes this
attack upon these appropriations has failed to
show in one single particular that wo can got
along without them. I call the attention of
the House to the fact that not one member
upon the floor who has ever been among the
Indians and knows anything about tho treaties
we have made with t ho Indians or of our usages
in dealing witli the Indians has risen upon this
floor to say that those appropriations should
now be suddenly out off. There is, 1 venture
to say, not one gentleman here l'rom States
where Indians have recently been or are now
who will declare that these appropriations arc
not necessary. No member on the floor of the
House has been more earnest in the direction
of economy than myself, and I have been con-
vinced against my will that whether tho In-
dians be under military or civil management
we have got to have these appropriations for
the necessary incidental expenses of the In-
dian service.
I pass over tho questions of grammar, leav-
ing the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scoi'iei.nJ to settle them as he may best be
able to do. All I have to say is that he is
entirely mistaken when ho says that tho gen-
tleman from Iowa does not pretend that this
Colorado appropriation is for tho Indians. It
is directly appropriated for the Indians, aud
for nobody else.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not in tho text of the
bill.
Mr. KASSON. The text of the bill pro-
vides that it shall be for the Indian service,
which we all know is for the service of the
Indians; and it provides what articles shall be
supplied to the Indians. The point in which
the appropriations have been defective hereto-
fore has been in the administration of them ;
and in order to check that vicious administra-
tion a new section has been proposed by the
committee, requiring a specific report in the
case of each Territory of the manner in which
the money has been expended, the men to
whom it has been paid, and the articles pur-
chased under the appropriation, thus imparting
to Congress a knowledge it has never had here-
tofore as to whether these appropriations are
disbursed honestly and for honest purposes.
This, 1 believe, is all I have to say; and I ask
the previous question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered; aud under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of tho Committee on
Appropriations was to insert the following:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Ilakota Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by tho pursuits of civilized life,
to be expended,under tho direction of the Scoretajy
of tho Interior, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert the following :
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
servico in Idaho Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful" articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by tho pursuits of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Seoretary
of the Interior, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to. insert the following:
For the general incidental expenses of tho Indian
service in Montana Territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and to
assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and sus-
tain themselves by tho pursuits of civilized life, to
be expondod under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following:
For tho genoral incidental expenses of the Indian
sorvico in Nevada, presents of goods, agricultural
implements, and other useful articles, and to assist
them to locate in permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, 825,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to make the ap-
propriation $20,000, and put Nevada upon the
same footing with the rest.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; and the amendment, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Tho next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following:
For general incidental expenses of tho Indian ser-
vice in J\rew Mexico, presents of goods, agricultural
implements, and other useful articles, and to assist
them to locato in permanent _ubodes, and sustain
themselves by the pursuifs of civilized Hie, to bo ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
interior, SOO.OOO.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The amount here named
is more than double tho amouut given to any
other Territory.
Mr. CIIAVES. There are double tho num-
ber of Indians there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Delegate from New
Mexico [Mr. Ciiaves] says there are double
the number of Indians there. I would like to
know why this appropriation is made ? 1 know
it is said that we economists, of which there
are but, few, make I he most monstrous proposi-
tions, because we are unaccustomed to these
Indian affairs, and therefore we do not know
how to economize properly in reference to this
general "Indian steal." Now, 1 would like
to knojv from the gentleman from Iowa, who
makes this motion on the part of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, why it is proposed to
give $50,000 for the Indians in New Mexico
and give only $20,000 to each of the other
Territories?
Mr. KASSON. I shall be glad to yield the
floor to the Delegate from New Mexico, [Mr.
Ciiaves,] who has already answered the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] in
part, by the statement that there are twice as
many Indians in New Mexico as there are in
either of the other Territories. And I will
say in addition to that, that they are the worst
Indians wo have anything to do with. We are
most anxious to get influence over the leading
chicfs of the tribes there. We must first get
these Indians upon reservations; and after
they are once located there so much money
will not be needed. I now yield to the Dele-
gate from New Mexico.
Mr. CHAVES. 1 hope that the amendment
recommended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions will be adopted by the House. In New
Mexico we are entirely surrounded by Indians;
there are many tribes of Indians there, among
them the Navajoes and Camanches. It is
nearly impossible to move about or get out of
the Territory without coming across some hos-
tile band of Indians.
In 1848 the United States voluntarily ratified
a treaty with the republic of Mexico, by which
this Government agreed that if Mexico would
cede to the United States the territory com-
prised within the boundaries of California and
New Mexico this Government would see to
it .that Indian depredations should cease, not
only in reference to the people living within
the territory ceded to the United States, but
also depredations from, those Territories into
aud within tjje Mexican republic; and by this
same treaty,.commonly known as the Gadsden
treaty, this Government agreed to pay any dam-
ages resulting from such depredations into the
territory of the republic of Mexico.
We have now in New Mexico Indians who
have been accustomed to commit depredations
upon the people of Mexico for the last one
hundred and fifty years. Within the last two
years some of these Indians have been col-
lected and colonized upon the Bosque Redondo
reservation. They have been entirely under
military rule within the last few years, and a
very small appropriation of $100,000 has been
made to sustain them. The War Department
has entire charge of their subsistence.
As regards the other Indians, they are spread
over a very large extent of territory. They
reside in the northwestern, the northern, and
the northeastern portions, and in fact over
almost the whole Territory of New Mexico.
The $50,000 proposed to be appropriated here
for general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, to be expended for
agricultural implements and other useful arti-
cles, is really a very small appropriation con-
sidering the necessities of the case. I think
that the House, in deciding upon this matter,
ought to take into consideration the fact that,
although New Mexico has so long remained a
Territory, yet at no distant time we shall, from
the now meagerly developed but inexhaustible
wealth of our country, be able to repay the
appropriations which the Government may
expend for our benefit.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
New Mexico [Mr. Ciiaves] bo kind enough to
inform lis what agricultural implements are
usually distributed among the Indian tribes in
his Territory?
Mr. CIIAVES. Plows, spades, axes, hatch-
ets, and things of that sort. The Indians are
also furnished with horses, oxen, and mules;
and men are hired to assist and instruct them
in cultivating the soil.
A Member. Are they furnished with whisky?
Mr. CHAVES. No, sir; no whisky is fur-
nished to thera.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are we to understand
from the gentleman that these are roving
bands of Indians, or Indians located upon
reservations?
Mr. CIIAVES. Those of whom I speak
are actually upon the reservations ; but some
of the things 1 have mentioned are sometimes
furnished to those whom the gentleman from
Tennessee would perhaps call roving Indians,
from the fact that those not located upon res-
ervations are not necessarily at war; many of
them are peaceably disposed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is well that the House
should understand that an Indian resembles
in some respects a child. For years the Con-
gress of the United States lias been appropri-
ating to certain Indians money for presents.
The Indiaus consider that this is in accordance
with a contract between them and the Con-
gress of the United States. The moment that
Congress fails to make the customary appro-
priations that very moment the Indians will
say that the Congress of the United States is
talking with two tongues. That is the way
they will regard it.
In order to show the gentleman from Ten-
nessee and the House the purposes for which
these appropriations are expended, I will read
a brief paragraph from the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs for 18G6 :
"For the Pueblos, as will be noticed, I have rec-
ommended an appropriation for the purchase of
school-books and the employment of competent
teachers to conduct and carry on a system of educa-
tion among theso people, who would be largely ben-
