1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
efited thereby. And X have also recommended an
appreciation for the purchase of agricultural im-
plement's household utensils, grist-mills, and fruit
trees which would be of incalculable service and
comiort, and tend to facilitate the advancement of
thirf interesting race. Government, wbiie spending
million'- of money infighting hostile Indians, should
remember the peaceable disposition of th« Pueblos
of New Mexico, and generously assist their well-di-
rected efforts. As a race they are the most interest-
ing of all the Indian tribes of the United States, and
the fact of their being self-supporting and peaceable
rather tiian warlike should be sufficient argument
in lavor of their immediate assistance by an assort-
ment of implements and utensils, as briefly enu-
merated.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are these the Indians
who are so perilous to those who come from
and go to New Mexico ?
Mr. CHAVES. Not these particular ones.
It is necessary the Government of the United
States should do something.
Mr. Speaker, since I have been a Delegate
in this House I have noticed as a general thing
members eulogize the enterprise, skill, and suc-
cess of the Anglo-Saxon race. Although I am
not of that race, still I can feel as proud as any
of the glory of this great country. But I must
be permitted also to say that great as we are,
yet the United States has failed entirely and
utterly in the attempt to solve the problem as to
the best manner in which these Indians are to
be treated so as to result in their civilization.
Look at the policy of the Spanish government,
under which twenty pueblos of civilized Indians
have been established in New Mexico. They
raise nearly all the productions they need, and
all we want is that the Government of the
United States shall furnish schools and teach-
ers. so that they shall be not only good citizens
but educated and useful. This is all I have to
say.
Mr. IvASSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Oregon and Washington Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service m Oregon and Washington Territory, includ-
ing insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and presents, (where no special provision therelor is
made by treaties} and office and traveling expenses of
the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents, $35,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows :
Utah Territory:
F-"'i the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Utah Territory, presents of goods, agricult-
ural implements, and other useful articles, and to
assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and sus-
tain thcm^elve^ by the pursuits of civilized life, to
bo expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows :
For the transportation, and necessary expenses of
delivery of provisions to the Indians withintheUtali
superintendcnc-y, $22,500.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reduce the ap-
propriation to $20,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to : and the amendment as amended
was adopted.
The next amendment was read, as follows :
Miscellaneous:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock, payof
ncve-*ary employe5!, purchasing clothing, medicine,
iron and steel, maintenance of schools for Indians
lately readme: in Texas, but now residing on the
Choctaw leasehold, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, $22,S25.
Mr. MAYNARD. This seems to be a new
appropriation, and I should like to know what
transmigration of Indians there has been from
Texas to the Choctaw country. If we once
commence this, as has been well said, it will
continue to be a leak in the Treasury fur years
to come. We are told it may go on indefi-
nitely for one hundred years. We had better,
therefore, understand what we ai-e doing.
Mr. IvASSON. The gentleman asks a very
proper question. I find that several tribes
located in Texas, the Tankoways, Cadoes, and
Lipans, were driven off, and with tho consent
of the Choetaws were allowed to come up
39th Cong. 2d Bess.'—No.
among them. This appropriation is for the
purpose of settling and establishing them where
they are now. It is not a new appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have had no opportu-
nity to examine whether the treaty appropri- j
ations for the Choetaws have been paid since j
the war. They were suspended during the ;
war.
Mr. KASSON. The preceding clauses of
the bill make appropriations for the Choetaws.
Mr. MAYNAliD. We suspended appropri-
ations for them during the war, but have we
ever renewed these appropriations ? I intended
to follow this up by another question: whether
these other tribes in the Choctaw country were
not liable to the same treatment that the Choe-
taws received from us for their participation in
the rebellion?
Mr. KASSON. These are entirely separate
tribes, coming under no provisions relative to
the Choetaws, except that they have been sent
to live there now. We do make some appro-
priations for the Choetaws under certain trea-
ties requiring specific appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whether
these tribes took part in the rebellion?
Mr. KASSON. We have no information in
regard to any of them as to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next amendment, to
insert the following:
For the Wichitas and other affiliated bands:
For the expenses of colon muff, supporting, and fur-
nishing said bands with agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchase of cloth-
ing, medicines, iron and steel, and maintenance of
schools, to be expended und«'r the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, $37,t'00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
California:
For pay of une physician, one blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter,
upon each of the four reservations of California, at
the rate of fitty dollars per month, 612,000.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, to-
gether with clothing and food, teams, and farming
tools for Indians in California, $55,000.
For defraying the expense:; of the removal and sub-
sistence of Indians in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, (not parties to any treaty,) and for pay of
necessary employes, $50,000.
Mr. BIDWELL. I suggest that the appro-
priation is very inadequate for the physi-
cian. It would be better not to have any
physician on the reservation. The pay does
not amount to anything. I move to amend by
doubling the appropriation for the physician,
blacksmith, assistant blacksmith, and farmer,
making it $2o,000.
Mr. KASSON. I am not authorized to
consent to anv increase in the appropriation.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask the House to con-
sent to the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. Better let it go.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am willing to let almost
anything go, but really the sum appropriated
is not at all adequate to the wants of the res-
ervations.
Mr. KASSON. I am not authorized to
make any change.
Mr. BIDWELL withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I move to strike out the
following item :
Fordefrayingthe expenses of the removal andsub-
sistcnce of Indians in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, (not parties to any treaty,) and lor pay of neces-
sary employes, $50,000.
On a preceding page of the bill we made this
appropriation for Oregon and Washington
Territory—•
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Oregon and Washington Territory, includ-
I ins insurance and transportation of annuity goods
, and piescnU, (where no special provision therefor is
' made by treaties,) and ofliee and traveling expenses
i oft lie superintendent, agents, and sub-agents, #35,500.
It. seems to me we had better let that stand.
Mr. HENDERSON. This item that the
gentleman from Tennessee proposes to strike
!j out is a very necessary one. These Indians to
!: whom it relates are not under anv specific
ji treaty, and they ought to be eared for until they
II can be permanently provided for. This can be
!i done under the directionot the superintendent
of Indian alfairs, and I hope the appropriation
will not be stricken out.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have already passed
an appropriation for the general expenses of
the Indian service in Washington and Oregon.
Mr. KASSON. That related to treaty stipu-
lations.
Mr. MAYNAE.D. Unfortunately it does
not say so.
Mr. HENDERSON. This is for the specific
purpose of collecting these Indians and locating
them on reservations.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Iowa
says the appropriation we have just made is
for treaties. Now, we are running this whole
thing by guess, and I guess the gentleman |om
Iowa does not know much more about it than
the rest of us. About the middle of the appro-
priation which we made for general incidental
expenses you will find in parenthesis the
words ''Where no special provision therefor
is made by treaties/' Now, the gentleman
says that is made by treaties in spite of that
language.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will answer that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like the gentle-
man who has charge of the bill to explain it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suffer me to make
my explanation. In the first place the appro-
priations that have been passed are for inci-
dental expenses under the stipulations already
in existence not provided for under treaties.
This is a new item for collecting the Indians
on reservations, locating and feeding them
until permanent, provisions can be made.
The amendment of Mr. Mayxakd was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurring on" the amendment
of the committee, it was adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
next paragraph in the bill, as follows :
Navajo Indians in Sew Mexico :
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and for
the purchase of sheep, seeds, agricultural imple-
ments, and other articles nceessary for breaking
the ground on the reservation upon the Pecos river,
$100,000.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a question of
order. The propositions now before the House
are only the amendments proposed by the
committee. The bill as reported back in
accordance with the order of the House has
been acted upon.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
the whole bill should pass it is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. The resolution of the House
was that the bill should be reported back em-
bracing all the treaty stipulations and provis-
ions for Indians in the custody of the United
States. These Navajos are in the custody of
the United States, consequently the appro-
priation is not stricken out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the whole bill is open to amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The appropriation for
these Navajos is 8100,000. The appropria-
tions commenced with S'3,000 and $10,000,
soon went up to $50,000. and now it is up to
S100,000. Most of these aj>propriations are
divided ; that is to say. first, there is a clause
for Oregon, appropriating some S80.000 : and
after two or three pages, where the House has
forgotten that appropriation, there comes in a
clause containing $50,000 : and so it goes on
repeating and accumulating. Now, the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom.] says
that I am presenting a monstrous proposition
in asking the House to stop these small leaks
in the Treasury. I move to strike these items
out. and seek to get a vote of the House upon
them. If everything is to be voted down and
we are to take this as it is all through, why,
then, I will sit down and trouble nobody asy
more. But it does not occur to me that it ia
such a monstrous thing to save a little to the
Treasury, although it is somewhat unusual.
Mr. KASSON. As to this item I wish to
; say what I apprehend the House ^ understood
I in the debate the other day. This is a tribe
i of Indians numbering from six ^thousand to
> nine thousand, caught by the United States
