1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
troops after wars running through two or three
generations, caught with great difficulty and
securely placed upon a reservation and in the
custody to-day of the United States. This is
an appropriation which was retained in the bill
in the action of the House the other day, and
without which you cannot feed these Indians,
in otder to prepare them for the pursuits of
civilised life. I greatly regret that my intelli-
gent friend from Pennsylvania gets up here and
denounces these things without knowing one
solitary fact connected with the subject of
which he speaks. I do not deny that he knows
a great deal; I only say ho does not state any
facts to the House. I think when he denounces
these appropriations he should show the facts
upon which his denunciation is based. There
■ are from six to nine thousand of these Navajo
Indians to-day in the custody of the United
States under trial. We have got to take care
of them, and this appropriation of §100,000
is, in my judgment—which is about as narrow
in regard to economy as that of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania—the least that can be
tolerated.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, is the amend-
ment subject, to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the pre-
vious question was not seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to strike out tho paragraph relating to the
Navajo Indians; and upon a division, there were
—ayes 24, noes «2; no quorum voting.
Tollers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Humphrey were appointed.
Tho House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes noes 0-1.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. [desire to move to amend
this paragraph by making the appropriation
Sir,0,000 instead of $100,000.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say a single
word upon this subject.
No objection was made.
Mr. WiNDOM. I moved the amendment
which lias just been adopted for the purpose
of making nn explanation in reference to these
Indians in New Mexico, not that I have any
expectation llial. this House will do them jus-
tice, but for the purpose of answering the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soopikm).]
1 desire to show that his proposition now is not,
a monstrous one; it is simply an absurd propo-
sition; he has descended from a monstrosity
to an absurdity.
For the last two years, according to estimates
I laid before the House some days since, those
Indians have received $1,500,000 from the
War Department. 1 know the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson' ] dill'ers from me in this re-
spect: he thinks the expenditure has been but.
$700,000. Now, for the, sake of argument, 1
will admit his estimate. At the same time the
Indians have been receiving this $100,000 from
the Department of the Interior. Within the
last six mouths arrangements have been made,
as I understand, to turn these Indians over to
the Interior Department. Consequently they
cannot longer receive the amount they have
hitherto received from the War Department,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Sookieuj] proposed to strike out the $100,000
which they have received from the general fund
appropriated by Congress, making a difference
of b800,000, according even to the admission
of tlje gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson;]
and that, too, without, any earthly reason being
assigned why it should be done. I pronounce
that proposition as absurd as it is monstrous.
Mr. SCOMELD. Do I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. WrxnoM] has been adopted?
The SPEAKER. It has been adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. It should have been made
$000,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There is evi-
dently some mistake in regard to this matter.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom]
when he moved the amendment stated that he
did so simply for the purpose of making some
remarks. The House did not evidently under-
stand the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell
whether the House understood the amendment
or not; it was distinctly stated to the House by
the Chair. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] has moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to,
perhaps for the reason that it was not under-
stood by the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Windom] says that these Navajo
Indians have already received about a million
dollars. Now I ask if tho appropriations
heretofore made were not for the purpose of
changing the locality of these Indians?
Mr. WINDOM. It was not for any such
purpoSe; they have been upon this reservation
more than two years.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have not examined the
records to see whether or not we have paid
these Indians $1,000,000. liut if the gentle-
man has heretofore succeeded in getting Con-
gress to appropriate $1,000,000 a year for this
purpose then it only shows that be was worse
heretofore than he is now. He is reforming by
degrees, having now come down to $100,000;
next year I hope he will come down to $50,000,
and the next year to nothing.
Mr. WINDOM. That proves the gentleman
has notinvostigated this subject at all, ashesays.
I stated that this expenditure of $1,500,000
was not made by Congress, but it was expended
by the War Department. Tho controversy
between the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kas-
son) and myself has been whether the expendi-
ture by the War Department was §1,500,000
or §700,000.
This appropriation of $100,000 has been
heretofore appropriated. It is now proposed
to turn those Indians over to the Interior De-
partment, where they cannot receive these
bounties from the War Department. And the
gentleman proposes to cut olf even tho §100,000
heretofore received from the Departmcntof the
Interior.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would cutoff the whole
of it. These Indians never got the §100,000
1 am sure; and wo may be certain that any
other appropriation of a like sum will be en-
tirely lost to them.
1 thank the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wisdom] for coming down from his monstros-
ity to an absurdity. A little while ago ho
thought it was monstrous to propose a little
economy here in the appropriations for Indian
service; and now ho says that it is only ab-
surd. I have no doubt but what it seemed
monstrous at first; but to any gentlemen who
have" had anything to do with these Indian
appropriation bills it must, after reflection,
appear absurd.
Mr. WINDOM. Cannot the gentleman un-
derstand that this appropriation of §1,000,000
was never made at all; and this is not com-
ing down at all?
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no such thing as
these Indians getting §1,000,000 from the
United States Treasury without an appropria-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. But the War Department,
to which the gentleman voted to transfer the
Indian Bureau, appropriates millions without
rendering any account. It is taken out of the
rations of the War Department, and we cannot
know anything about it.
_ Mr. SCOFIELD. That bill turning the In-
dians over to the care of tho War Department
is what is the matter with the gentleman.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. The appropriation for the
support of these Indians while under military
control covered simply the cost of their sub-
sistence. We held them as prisoners of war
and maintained them. Inquiries were made
as to how much that cost, and it was upon
those estimates that the discussion arose. This
is what is complained of as the large amount
expended heretofore. Thisappropriation, how-
ever, has a different object. It is to assist the
Indians in maintaining themselves and to edu-
cate them so far as they may be educated.
I hope now that the motion to reconsider
will be agreed to, as the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] was
not offered with the view of being adopted, but
simply to enable him to make his remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the motion to reconsider will be regarded as
adopted, and the amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota as negatived. •
There was no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to talce
charge of certain stray bands of Potawatomie and
Winnebago Indians, in theStatoof Wisconsin, $5,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Iowa be good enough to explain the necessity
of this item? In looking at the appropriation
bill of last session I do not find any such ap-
propriation. There was an appropriation of
$1,500 to pay a special agent for these Indians
—a similar item to that which in this bill fol-
lows the one just read.
Mr. KASSON. We have been asked for an
appropriation of $10,000. I think that is the
amount which was asked for last year; and
my impression is that we appropriated at that
time either $5,000 or $10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not find any such
item in the act of last year.
Mr. KASSON. My impression is that $5,000
was appropriated. If any further explanation
is required the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
McTndoe] will give it. He has already advised
with the committee on this question.
Mr. McINDOE. I hope that this clause of
the bill will be retained. The Indians for
whose benefit it is designed are stray bands
of Potawatomies and Wlnnebagos, who prob-
ably belonged originally in Kansas and Da-
kota. They wore removed some years ago to
tho reservations in the State of Wisconsin"; a
special agent was appointed by the Govern-
ment to take care of them ; and although pre-
viously they Caused a great deal of trouble to
us, yet since this small appropriation has been
made we have had no difficulty with them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot find in the act
of last year any such appropriation as this,
though as the act is very long I may have
overlooked it. I propose that the two clauses"
be consolidated, and that the appropriation of
§5,000 be the only one made. Then let the
Secretary of the Interior, if he needs a special
agent, pay him out of this appropriation.
I think that, this appropriation is an entirely
new one. If it once gets into our appropri-
ation bills it will stick there as long as grass
grows or water runs. Five thousand dollars
is not a large sum, but in a hundred years it
becomes §500,000. And we have the pleasing
assurance given ns to-day that the appropri-
ations made a hundred years ago are of no
avail at present. They must be renewed from
year to year like the leaves on the trees.
I think the State of my friend from Wiscon-
sin will be able to take care of its Indians, as
New York and other States have done.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I have been in
tho habit of voting in this House when I did
not understand the question perfectly myself
on the advice of the committee which had the
subject-matter specially in charge. As far as
I can learn the action of the committee re-
porting this ordinary appropriation bill, I think
it is entitled to some weiglitand influence with
the House in coming to a conclusion. But I
understand in addition to the Committee on
Appropriations, the Committee on Indian
Affairs, whose business it is to look into these
matters, concurs in this appropriation ; and, in
addition even to this, the Delegates of the
Territories, who understand this subject, sur-
rounded as they are by Indians, give this meas-
ure their approval.
