1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
The House and country must feel indebted
to the distinguished and able gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] for the
exhaustive investigation they have givcu to this
subject. They ask us from their investigations
to set aside the action of our Committees on
Appropriations and Indian Affairs and the
recommendations of the Delegates representing
this section of the country. The country and
their constituents must be fully advised of the
anxious desire of these able gentlemen to pro-
tect the Government, and to that end we have
spent all this day. The obligations of the
people are great to these able gentlemen for
retarding the public business and throwing
obstacles in the way of the passage of this bill.
If they have satisfied their constituents they
are watching every loop and have got them-
selves upon the record to the satisfaction of
themselves, I hope they will let the House go
on with its legitimate business and act upon
the report and suggestions of the committees,
who are responsible to the country for action
on these subjects.
Mr. MAYNARD. I accept the rebuke of
the gentleman from Illinois, and concede their
is no gentleman in the House so well qualified
or so much entitled to lecture the House, the
individual members of the House, as the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman will pardon me.
I did not mean to cast any reflection upon him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the distinguished
gentleman will continue to act as censor morum,
and see to it none of us depart from the strict-
est rules of legislative propriety. I am aware,
sir, of the short-comings on my own part as a
legislator; I am conscious of it.
Mr. ROSS. I did not mean to reflect on the
gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not understand the
gentleman to reflect on me, but in the exercise
of a patronizing, paternal oversight over the
country and over the less distinguished and
less able, the more ignorant or rather the less-
informed gentlemen than he, to indicate what
ought to be their course on the floor in legis-
lating on these matters. I will say, however,
by way of apologizing to the gentlemen—per-
haps no other gentleman would require an
apology but himself—but by way of apology
for the" course I have thought proper to pur-
sue on this and some other bills to explain
that having in a former Congress been a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means,
from which appropriation bills then came, I
am somewhat conversant with the manner in
which these bills are originated. I will inform
the gentleman how I have known appropria-
tions to find their way into bills. We receive
estimates from the Departments. When a sub-
ject is up and no member of the committee
knows anything about it we follow the estimates.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers this
debate to be wandering from the bill although
no gentleman seems disposed to take exception
to it. , , • i
Mr. KASSON. I regret when these side
issues are made, but when they are made I do
not care to stop them.
Mr. MAYNARD. When the estimates are
sent from the Department to the committee
■ you inquire who they came from, and you are
told from the head of the bureau. You in-
quire there where they got the estimates, and
you are told from the desk of some clerk who is
unknown and utterly unheard of outside of his
own room. And hence it was appropriately
said years ago in this House by gentlemen ot
whom, probably, I ought not to speak except
m the same terms of respectthat are due to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross.] _ It was
well said that to a very large degree this Gov-
ernment is a Government of clerks. The clerks
in the Departments make estimates at their
desks; these estimates are adopted by the heads
of the bureaus, who send them to the heads ot
the Departments, who send them to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, where they are ac-
cepted and adopted; and when any member
like me and others, if there be any others as
ignorant as I am, get up to inquire wherefore
these expenditures are made, and call for in-
formation, we are always met, as we are met
to-day, by the statement that the subject has
been examined by the committee, and that it
is presumption, assurance, impudence, absurd-
ity to call it in question or to seek to got that
sort of information that will enable us to act
from our own judgment upon the facts, instead
of standing here and recording decisions that
have been already made elsewhere—not even
in the committee-rooms of the House, but at
the desk of some irresponsible clerk in one of
the Departments.
Sir, legislating here for the country, and
with that responsibility upon me, I am not
willing to legislate in that way; and if other
gentlemen are disposed not to call in question
any of these appropriations or to examine the
facts, but to legislate upon faith, taking every-
thing that comes from any committee of the
House to be necessarily right without investi-
gation, I certainly am not, willing to do it.
I think we are entitled to have, that we
should have, that we may justly demand, and
that we should demand, a statement of the
facts upon which these millions are legislated
out of the Treasury.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. 110SS. if the gentleman will yield to
me a moment, I only want to say that I sup-
pose the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] has now said enough to satisfy the
Speaker and the House that he is the proper
man to be put at the head of that committee
in the Fortieth Congress. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not happen to hold
a seat in the Fortieth Congress; and therefore
I will turn over the complimcnt to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] who is eminently
fit for the position.
Mr. MclNDOE. Mr. Speaker -
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] is entitled to the floor.
Jlr. KASSON. I understand that the gen-
tleman desires to make an explanation, and I
yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. McINDOE. This is no new appropria-
tion. It was commenced at the beginning of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress. The sum then ap-
propriated was $10,000 annually, but last year
it was reduced to §5,000; and that is all we
now ask.
Mr. KASSON. As I presume the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] did not
intend to imply that I had failed to give any
desired information about this appropriation,
I have nothing to say touching his seeming im-
plication that information was not given when
it was asked for.
This appropriation now is for stray bands
of the Potawatomie and Winnebago Indians,
in the State of Wisconsin 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I said to the gentleman
from Iowa a few moments ago when I left this
Hall, that I surrendered upon this bill and left
it to him. So I do ; but I understand that
while I was out the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] spent some time in attempting to
satisfy the House that he knew more about
these Indian swindles than 1 did. All I wish
to say in reply is, that I '' acknowledge the
corn.'' I have no doubt that ho does. [Laugh-
tef.l
Mr. KASSON. These stray bands were
ordered some time since to be removed from
that State, and some of them were actually
taken away; but with true Indian attachment
to their old hunting-grounds they came back
in small numbers from time to time, and wore
liable to commit, or did commit, murders, lar-
cenies, and other outrages, so that they were
a cause of constant danger and alarm to the
The committee wer<? satisfied that it was
necessary to have some one specifically desig-
nated to take charge of them, and, by small
gratuities, to keep them quiet and m places
where their presence would not interfere with
the whites. We reduced the former appro-
priation of $10,000 one half, hoping that sum
would be sufficient for this object; and 1 hope
that the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment of the committee was then
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee oil
Appropriations was to insert the following:
For salary of a special .igent to take charge of
Winnebago and Potawatoinio Indians now in the
State of Wisconsin, 81,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert the following:
For subsistence, elottiinsr, and general incidental
expenses of the Sisscton, Walipaton, Modawakanton,
and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,
at their new homes, $100,0110.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert the following:
For payment of interest on $1.690,300 non-paying
stock, held by the Secretary of the Interior in trust
for various Indian tribes, up to and including the
interest payable Julyl, 1807, $100,153.
Forpavmpiitofintcreston $15,000. abstracted bonds,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1807, for the Chero-
kee school fund, $900.
For pay meat of interest, on SOS,000, abstracted bonds,
for the fiscal year ending June ;?0,18G7, of tho Chero-
kee national fund, $1,080.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. These items of appropria-
tion are called for by existing law.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would ask the gentle-
man if this embraces all tho bonds which were
stolen during a former Administration?
Mr. KASSON. My recollection is that it
does not include all.
Mr. MAYNARD. These are the bonds
which were stolen at that time?
Mr. KASSON. I cannot remember the date
of their abstraction. It is a liability of the
United States, existing by law, and which the
Government accordingly is compelled to moot
and satisfy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following:
For expenses attending thovaecination of Indians.
$2 500.
iW expense of collecting and locating the Colo-
rado rivci Indians in Arizona on a reservation set
apart for them by section first, act of March A lbbo,
including tho expense of constructing a eananor irri-
gating saiil reservation, $50,000. ,
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and that
may hereafter be incurred, by officers of the Indian
deportment in the rescue ol prisoners lrom Indian
tribes and retaining them to their homes, and tor
expenses incident to the arrest anil coiitmeinent
within the Xerntoiy of the United States, by orucroi
such officers, of persons charged with crimes against
the Indians, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIAYEIl. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which tho House agreed to the
amendment providing an appropriation to pay
interest upon certain bonds.
I can hardly suppose this House understood
what it was doing when it voted for tins pro vis-
ion, or it would not have agreed to it. Why
should we vote an appropriation to pay the
interest on these stolen bonds? It wul surely
be time enough to make an appropriation to
pay these bonds which have been stolen from
vour Treasury when you find out where they are.
If these bonds should turn up in the hands of
men who have received them in good faith and
who honestly hold them, we may perhaps prop-
erly be called upon to pay the interest upon
them. But, for one, I will not sit silent while
I see such an appropriation as this passed to
pay interest on bonds which are acknowledged
to be in the hands of thieves.
Mr. KASSON. I hardly understand tho
ground upon which the gentleman from I eirn-
svlvauia [Mr. Tiiai'eii] opposes this item of
appropriation, which year after year has been
a recognized liability of the Dinted States as
the trustee, who by its own power controlled
the deposit and custody of these bonds, which
it held in trust for the Indians. I do not
comprehend the principle, either of law or ot
equity upon which the gentleman opposes this
