1867.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
economical point of view, it only remains to
show its advantages in a political point of
view.
It would restore commercial relations be-
tween all parts of our common country; develop
and harmonize that mutuality of interest which
naturally exists between the different sections
of our extended domain, growing out of varie-
ties of climate and productions which by unwise
legislation has been made to appear adverse
and conflicting; it would interest each citizen
pecuniarily in the preservation and perpetuity
of the Government. Dispensing its blessings
impartially to all, it would make us a homoge-
neous family of States—one in interest, one in
Sympathy, and one in purpose. United by
these strong ties, our Union would stand proof
alike against the machinations of enemies within
and the assault of foes from without.
Pass the bill, adopt this system, separate the
races, colonize the African, elect General Grant
President in 1868, then peace, prosperity, and
happiness will reign over our glorious country.
Mr. KOONTZ obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. HENDERSON, who moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to { and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following: petitions, &c., were presented tinder
the rule, and referred to the appropriatecommittees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The memorial of Y.
Dell, Esq., chairman Republican State Committee of
Arkansas, and J. M. Johnson and M. L. Stephenson,
delegates from Republican State convention of Ar-
kansas, praying Congress for the passage of an act
authorizing1 the loyal citizens of Arkansas to organize
a constitutional State government in said State.
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of Buck Brothers,
and others, for relief from the five per cent, tax on
edge tools and hardware.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Anthony P.
Zimandy, for compensation formiiitary services ren-
dered during the years of 1863 and 1864 in the West
and Southwest, with the certificates of superior offi-
cers and evidences of service.
Also, the memorial of J. & R. Murphy, employes
and manufacturers of cutlery and skates, Mansfield,
Massachusetts; F. J". Alexander, and others, of
Waltham, Massachusetts, mann/acturers of clothes-
wringers; George Lamb, and of hers, hardware man-
ufacturers, Lawrence, Massachusetts, for the repeal
of the five per cent, tax on sales of manufactures. ^
Also, the memorial of James Riddle, a private in
the eighth regiment United States infantry, respect-
ing his discharge, to be included within an act direct-
ing the Commissioner of Pensions to place his name
on the roll of invalid pensions. .
Also, the petition of John Fales, company E, third
regiment artillery, for the passage of act granting him
the benefit of the bounty law, ot which he is deprived
by a difference of three days in the time of his enlist-
ment from the time when it was carried.
By Mr. BERGEN: Five several memorials of mis-
cellaneous hardware manufacturers and operators
of Brooklyn and Williamsburg. New York, asking
"for the repeal of the internal tax on such manufac-
ture.
By Mr. BROMWELL: Two petitions of citizens of
Onarga, Illinois; also one of citizens of Decatur,
Illinois, praying Congress not to pass any law dimin-
ishing the volume of the currency, or any law com-
pelling banks wherever located to redeem their notes
in jN"e\^ lork
Bj> Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio : The petition of S. I).
•Rice, and others, citizens of Brown county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of the bill allowing extra
bounty of eight and one third dollars per month to
CONKLING: The memorial of George H.
Cramer, president of Rensselaer and Saratoga Rail-
road Company, asking reduction of duty on railroad
1FBy Mr. CULLOM: A petition signed by numerous
citizens of Springfield, Illinois, asking Congress to
change the law in relation to tax on cigars, so that
the tax shall be specific and not more than five dol-
lars per thousand on all domestic cigars, &c.
By Mr. DAWES: The memorial of B. T. Perry &
Co., and employes, manufacturers of tacksin Massa-
chusetts, for a repeal oftho manufacturers' tax.
By Mr. DEMING: The memorial of the hardware
manufacturers of Talesville, Connecticut, and of the
William Rogers manufacturing company of Hart-
ford,'Conneeticut. for the repeal of the tax of five
per cent, upon the gross amount of the sales of manu-
^By Mr. DRIGGS: The memorial of R. E. Harris,
Benjamin Lentz, and others, of Limestone county,
Alabama, praying Congress to impeach Andrew
Johnson; aUo  of citizens of Matogorda, Texas, lor
the same object.
Also, the petition of T. 3}. Davery; and 40 others,
citizens of Shiawassee county,* Michigan, praymg
Congress not to pass any law for the curtailment of
the national currency.
Afoo, the petition of William Henderson, and 38
others, citizens of Flint, Michigan, for the same
object.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Simeon Jones, and
others, late officers of the Army and Navy of the
United States, praying for an amendment of the act
of June 21,1866, concerning homesteads.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of Charles
Taylor, collector of customs at Indianola, Texas, for
relief.
By Mr. HALE: Five petitions of officers of the
United States Army, praying the restoration of the
commutation value of the Army ration to fifty cents.
Also, the petition of Hon. Orange Ferriss, and
others, citizens of Warren county, New York, pray-
ing for the establishment of duties on wool and
woolens at the rates proposed by the bill which
" the House of Representatives at its last
session
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of 30 business
men, citizens of Cincinnati and Hamilton county,
against further curtailment of the currency, and also
against compelling the national bank3 to redeem
their notes in New York.
Also, the petition of 400 journeymen cigar-makers,
and manufacturers of cigars of Cincinnati, Ohio, in
favor of a change in the present system of taxation
on cigars; in favor of aspeciflc taxof fiveper cent, per
thousand on domestic cigars, retaining the present
tariff on imported cigars, and selling stamps at five
dollars per thousand.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The memorial
of Hotehkiss's Sons, and employes, manufacturers of
hardware at Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Also, the memorial of the Greenwood Scythe Com-
pany of New Hartford. Connecticut.
Also, the memorial of American Shovel Company
and Connecticut File "Works, and operatives, of
Bridgeport. Connecticut.
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial of William Ot.
Wren, in regard to the manufacture of gas from crude
petroleum.
Also, the petition and memorial of Walter A. Peck,
for relief for damri^'O to his property and business at
New Orleans by Major General B. f. Butler.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of citizens of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, against any curtailment
of the currency.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of N. Simon, and
others, manufacturers of cigars in Milwaukee, Wis-
consin. for a modification of tax on cigars.
By Mr. RADFORD: The memorial of S. G. Howe &
Co., and employes and others, file manufacturers of
Sing Sing, N ew Y ork, for repeal of five per cent. man-
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The memorial of
the hardware manufacturers of Roxbury, Massachu-
setts, for relief from the five percent, tax on their
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Joseph W. Peace
and 9 others, of Pikeville, Bledsoe county, East-Ten-
nessee, and 33 from other counties, for a consfitu-
ional amendment securing equality of political rights
without distinction of race or color.
notice op a joint resolution.
By Mr. HILL: A joint resolution suspending the
further retirement or cancellation of United States
legal-tender Treasury notes lor two years.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 19, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance with the
requirements of the fifth section of the act of
April 21, 1808, a list of the contracts made by
the officers and agents of the engineer depart-
ment during the year 1866. The communica-
tion and accompanying papers were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented resolutions of
the Windsor County Farmers' Club of Ver-
mont, setting forth the interests of the Ameri-
can wool-growers, and asking Congress to fur-
nish to them, as one of the great interests of
the country, adequate and reasonable protec-
tion; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Hinesburg, Vermont, praying for further legis-
lation in favor o.f the wool-growing interests of
the country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of prop-
erty-holders on I street north, between Four-
teenth and Sixteenth streets west, Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for an amend-
ment of the law in relation to sewerage, so that
property fronting on street improvements may
be moderately taxedj and the payment of all
such taxes be made in installments at reason-
able periods within two years; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Healsopresentedamemorial of underwriters,
merchants, manufacturers, and ship-owners
of the city of New York, remonstrating against
the section in the new tariff bill authorizing
the sale at auction of merchandise damaged on
the voyage over twenty-five per cent.; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented six petitions of citizens of
New York, praying for the imposition of an
increased duty on all foreign Vool; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented five petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the imposition
of an increased duty on all foreign wool; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LANE presented a memorial of citizens
of Indiana, remonstrating against any reduc-
tion in the national currency, and praying for
a change in the national banking law so that
the law of each State on the subject of interest
and usury shall apply to national banks ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri, remonstrating against any reduc-
tion of the national currency, and against com-
pelling national banks to redeem their notes
in New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN. I also present a petition from
certain ladies respectfully asking for an amend-
ment of the Constitution that shall prohibit the
several States from disfranchising any of their
citizens on the ground of sex. In making their
demand for suffrage, they say that they wish
to call the attention of Congress to thefactthat
they represent fifteen million people—one half
the entire population of the country—intelli-
gent, virtuous, native-born American citizens,
and yet stand outside the pale of political rec-
ognition. The petitioners further state that
the Constitution classes them as 11 free people,"
and coun^ them whole persons in the basis_ of
representation ; and yet they are governed with-
out their consent, compelled to^ pay taxes with-
out appeal, and punished for violations of law
without choice of judge or juror. They further
declare that the experience of all ages, the
declarations of'the fathers, the statute laws of
our own day, and the fearful revolution through
which we have just passed, all prove the uncer-
tain tenure of life, liberty, and property so long
as the ballot, the only weapon of self-protec-
tion, is not in the hand of every citizen. There-
fore, as we are now amending the Constitution,
and, in harmony with advancing civilization,
placing new safeguards around the individual
rights of four million emancipated slaves, the
petitioners ask Congress to extend the right of
suffrage to woman—the only class of disfran-
chised citizens—and thus fulfill our constitu-
tional obligation "to guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government, j'
As all partial application of republican princi-
ples must ever breed a complicated legislation
as wellas a discontented people, the petitioners
further pray Congress, in order to simplify the
machinery of Government and insure domestic
tranquillity, to legislate hereafter for persons,
citizens, tax-payers, and not for class or caste.
I ask that this petition be laid upon the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY" presented a memorial of
citizens of Rhode Island, remonstrating against
any curtailment of the national currency, and
against compelling all national banks to re-
deem their notes in New York, or prohibiting
them from paying or receiving interest on bank
balances; which was referred to the. Commit-
tee on Finance. .,/.■•
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any curtailment of the national currency, and
against compelling all national banks to re-
deem their notes in New York, or prohibiting
