1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
appropriation. Shall the United States take
the money of the Indians, put it in bonds, and
appoint its own officers to take care of the
bonds, and then coolly say, when its own cus-
tody has been insufficient to protect them, that
it will not respond to its liability to the Indi-
ans? If there be any principle upon which
the gentleman maintains his opposition, I wish
lie would state it. I think the mere stating of
the proposition is its own best refutation.
In the first place, the larger part of the sum
he has alluded to is not embraced within the
objection he urges. It refers to the non-paying
stock, which the United States held for the
Indians, and which has never been abstracted.
The United States by the misconduct of its own
officers invested the funds of the Indians in
certain State bonds, which proved worthless.
And now the gentleman asks the United States
to avail itself of its own wrongs, and to refuse
to account to these Indians for those funds.
If my friend can tell me the principl<Pupon
wliieh he rests his claim I should be glad to
hear it.
Mr. THAYER. What I object to is the
express recognition by Congress of the validity
of these bonds in the hands of the persons who
stole them. If these debts are due to the In-
dians let the gentleman put in the bill a spe-
cific appropriation for that purpose. But I will
not vote for anything which acknowledges the
validity of these bonds in the hands of their
present holders when everybody knows they
are stolen.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman is sadly
mistaken in regard to the provisions of this
bill; I will not say ho is ignorant of their
meaning. Tho tii.sf clause of the amendment,
which contains the largest appropriation, has
nothing to do with the stolon bonds.
Mr. THAYER. I am not speaking of the
first clause.
Mr. KASSON. Then that clause should
not he reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment reported
by tho Committee on Appropriations, and agreed
to by the House, contains three clauses, and
the motion to roeonsidor anyone of them must
be a motion to reconsider all, as they are all
embraced in one amendment.
Mr. KASSON. As to these bonds, 1 repeat
for (he liilormalion of the gentleman and of
the House, that these bonds wero in the custody
of the Uniicd Slates; the moneys were in-
vested by direction of the United States; the
oflicer in charge of them was appointed by I he
United Slates; and they were stolen from the
United States. In the. whole matter, from tho
beginning to the end, the Indians had nothing
to do with it, except, to submit passively to (he
orders of the United States Government.
Now, these bonds were not negotiable ; they
can never turn up against, the United Slates in
any other hands. They were a separate fund
in the custody of the United States, their num-
bers, character, and description all kept; and
tho question now simply is whether the Uni-
ted States shall acknowledge its legal liability
to pay the interest, annually on the bonds which
they themselves have allowed to be abstracted
through their negligence or misconduct. I do
not, think there is another side to the question,
and I move to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The next and last amendment, reported by
the committee was to insert the following as
an additional section:
Sec. 3. And le it further enacted, That it shall
hereaitoi bo tho duty ot' the officer in charge of tho
Iridinn iiuroau to report separately to Congress ut
the commencement of each Decern tier session a tabu-
lar suitement snowing distinctly the separate objects
of expenditure under his supervision, and how much
disbursed for each object, describing the articles and
the quantity of each, and giving the names of each
person to whom any part is paid.andliow much paid
to him and for what objects, so far as they lelate to
the disbursement of tho funds heretofore or which
shall bo hereafter appropriated for incidental, con-
tingent, or miscellaneous expenses of the Indian
service daring the fiscal year next preceding each
report.
The amendment was agroed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to ask if we have
yet had a morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will not call up
the appropriation bill now, but will take my
chance after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. There must be a morning
hour to transact business.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the morning hour.
notaries public in tiib district.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following
report:
Tho committoe of confereneo on tho disacrroeine
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 350)
fixing tho compensation for bailiffs and criers of tho
courts of the District, of Columbia, having mot, after
lull and freo conference havo agreed to recommend
and rlo rccotnmend to their rcspectivo Houses that
loo llouso of Representatives recedo from its action
in disagreeing to tho amendments mado by tho Sen-
ate and concur in said amendments.
HORACE MAYNARD.
JOHN F. FARNSWORTII,
F. C. IjE 151,ON D,
Manaftern on the part of the Home.
LOT M. MORRILL,
JOHN CONNESR.
DAVID T. PATTERSON,
Manatjera on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNAItD. It may be proper for me
to say a few words in explanation of this report.
The last Congress passed an act, approved April
8,_ J801, concerning notaries public in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, That was an act of eleven
sections, the lirsl, of which ia as follows:
it enacted In/ the Senate, and Howe of Rcvreeent-
alive/t'if the United State? of America in Conm ew an-
bembled. That notaries public for the District of
Columbia may ho appointed by tho supremo court of
said District, who.so term ot otlieo shall ho fivo years,
and who may bo removed by said court for cause.
There shall-bo no now appointment of anotary pub-
lic, until tho numbor in this District is reduced to
twenty-five; and when the number is so reduced, as
vacancies thereafter occur, they m:iy be filled by said
court."
It will be recollected that when the House
uas considering the propriety of concurring in
the amendment of the Senate-to this bill, it was
urged that, the adoption of that amendment
would leave the appointment of notaries pub-
lic for this District in the hands of tho Presi-
dent. It will be seen by the section which I
havo just quoted that such is not the fact, as
these notaries are now appointed by the supremo
court of the District.
One word as to another point, of difference.
The bill, as passed by the House, provided for
(he repeal of the provision limiting the number
of notaries to twenty-five, and allowed the num-
ber to be unlimited. The Senate thought it
bettor that, the law in this respect should stand
as it is. The conferencc committee, on con-
sideration of the question, wero satisfied that
the present number of notaries public will be
fully adequate for all the business which they
will be required to perform. Hence the recom-
mendation of the report,.
'The report was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message l'rom tiih senate.
A message from tho Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1-10) to restore Lieuten-
ant Joseph P. Fyffe to his grade in active ser-
vice of ihe Navy ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S, L.
Breese, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed an act (H. R. No. 878) to qniet
title to land in the town of Santa Clara, in the
State of California, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was jequested.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. K. No. 140) to restore Lieutenant
Joseph P. Fyffc to bis grade in active service
of the Navy ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 210) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S. L.
Breese, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list.
appropriation's for new mexico.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit a letter of the 20th ultimo, ad-
dressed to me by W. T. 51 Arny, secretary
and acting Governor of the Territory of New
Mexico, with memorials to Congress by which
it was accompanied, requesting certain appro-
priations for that Territory. The attention of
the House of Representatives is invited to the
subject. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 18, 18G7.
The message with tlie accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit a report from the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of yesterday, making fur-
ther inquiry as to the States which have rati-
fied the amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed hv the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 18, 1807.
The message, with the accompanying report,
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 453) regulating tho tenure of certain civil
offices ; when the Speaker signed the same.
message fiiom tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 407)
to amend an act further to provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and to regulate the salaries of steamboat in-
spectors, and for other purposes, approved
July 23, I860; m which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
dkvth op a revolutionary soldier.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the following telegram:
Amsteedab, New York, February 19, 1867.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
Samuel Downing, the last of the soldiers of tho
Revolution, died yesterday at his home in Edinburg,
Saratoga county, New York. E. IX. ROSA.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the telegram will be spread upon tho Journal.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
militia bill.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour had
now commenced; and the House resumed the
