1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consideration of House bill No. 1145, to pro-
vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining
the militia, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
i simply intend to present a few observations
on the pending subject. The bill has been
carefully and laboriously prepared and con-
sidered by the Committee on the Militia, and
by a body of distinguished gentlemen who
mighty almost be said to have been volunteers
in their service on that committee.
Now, sir, if we look over this country it is
at once evident we have no well-regulated and
disciplined militia, which our forefathers be-
lieved to be so essential to the security of our
liberties. The people of the free States are
without arms. They have recently returned
to their homes from a gigantic struggle. Tliey
have surrendered their arms up to the Govern-
ment, and those arms are now deposited in
large quantities in the various United States
arsenals. This proposition is to return them
to a. small portion of the people selected by
enlistment from the militia body, to the number
of about two hundred thousand stand of arms.
It is contemplated the regiments of infantry
being fully armed and equipped, and as I have
said enlisted from the militia, shall be con-
stituted and called the "National Guard." In
addition to small arms they are to have a battery
of artillery. The effect will be to place a force
in the country constituted of patriotic people
holding arms in their hands, thus providing
that element of safety so essential in the esti-
mation of our forefathers to our security.
I have already said more than I intended,
but let me now answer some of the objections.
It may be objected that the bill infringes on
the constitutional powers of the States, and
exercises more power by the General Govern-
ment than is authorized by the Constitution.
To that I will only reply that the committee
have carefully considered the relative powers
of these two authorities, and have come to the
conclusion it infringes neither. They have
respected the constitutional right of the States
to train the militia, and they harve obeyed the
injunction that Congress should provide for the
organizing and arming of this militia.
They do not propose by this bill to'appro-
priate a very large amount of money from the
public Treasury. The cost of the bill will not
be as much as one day's war during the late
rebellion. The aggregate amount that may be
called into employment under the provisions
of this bill in an extreme emergency will be
about four million dollars. It can be fairly
estimated in the present condition of the coun-
try that the ranks will be filled at an expense
which will not exceed one million and a half
or two million dollars, a sum scarcely in excess
of the extra compensation paid to the civil
employes of the Government in this city. The
cost to the Government is real economy in the
end.
Wo have in our magazines and store-houses
nearly four million small-arms. After we have
taken out two or three hundred thousand, more
than three million will still remain. But I will
send some papers up to the Clerk's desk to
be read which will fully explain this whole
matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Table showing the amount nf cam# and garrison equi-
page and clothing held hy the United States Govern-
ment on the 30th day of June, 1865, and the amount
required for the Notional Guard when filled to the
maximum.
On hand Required for
June SO, 1866. National Guard.
Knapsacks   1,027,618 286,752
Canteens  992,356 286,752
Haversacks  611,176 286,752
Tents  29,064 30,944
C.imD-kcttles  156.539 76,461
Mess-pans  489,878 85,581
Fifes  13,955 4,120
Drums  5,991 4,120
National colors  750 412
Regimental colors  1,000 412
Cam!! colors  7.834 1,648
Coats  452,969 286,752
Caps 1,020,511 286,752
Pairs pants  .1,022,333 286,752
1349
Table slioxoing the amount of ordnance and ordnance
stores required for the National Guard if filled to
the Maximum, and also the amount purchased and
i United States between January
I, lobl, and June 30,1866, not 1 ncludino those on hand
January 1,1861, nor those captured during the war,
ana not snowing the number lost or destroyed:
Purchased and Required for
manufactured. National Guard,
Cannon  7392 412
Small-arms 3,477,655 286,752
Swords, &c  544,475 75,852
infantry accouterments..2,116.175 286,752
Horse equipments  539,544 3,340
Table showing the annual cost of the National Guard,
when fined to the maximum, in case every officer, non-
commissioned officer, and private does full duty.
Per diem 302,452 rank and file, fivo
rn days, at $2 $3,024,520
Clothin?  15,700 officers, at S20  314,000
tare of property, 4,660 officers responsible,
at $100.  466,000
Total .$3,«0i.52Q
But the actual expense will be less than half of this
amount, because—
1. It cannot bo expected that organizations will
be maintained in every district;
,?*, The organizations actually maintained will not
ail be filled to the maximum; and j
3. Not more than one half of the National Guard I
will be able to perform duty at thesamo timo. 1
Xhe annual cost of the entire system will not, ■
thereforo, exceed tho extra compensation of tw^ntj
per cent, granted by a bill which lately parsed rhe j
House to tho clerks of the city of Washington. This
seems to be a small price to pay for tho national '
security provided by tho biil now before tho House. |
letter from the Governor of Michigan relative to the bill
for the bctteTnrganizationof the mxhtia.
State of Michigan, Executive Office,
Lansing, January 23,1807.
Dear Sir : T am in receipt of your favor of tho 7th
instant inclosing your proposed militia bill, and
requesting that I would examine the same and make
such suggestions as might occur to me tor its improve-
ment, kc. In accordancc with yourlurthcrrequest I
have brought thebi 11 to thenoticeot our adjutant gen-
eral, and after consultation with him on tl.M subject I
have directed that officer to embody our views in a
statement of proposed amendments, accompanied by
his report to myself.
Inclosed I have the honor to transmit to you this
report with said proposed amendments, in ail of
which I concur. Ialso inclosebcreina fcpccialreport
of our adjutant general to myself, recently made, in
relation to the reorganization of the military forces
of this State, but previously to the receipt of your
bill.
The Legislature of this State is now in session, and
I most earnestly hope that Congiess may bo able to
take some decisive action upon this important sub-
ject at an early day, in order that wo may adoptsuoh
State legislation as will harmonize with the action
of Congress.
I have tho honor to bo, verv truly, yours, &c.,
HKi\TKY 11. CRAPO,
Governor of Michigan.
II011. II. E. Paine, Military Committee, House of Rep-
resentatives, Washington, D. C.
' Military Department, Michigan,
Ax>jutaxt Ukneral's Office,
Detroit, January 22, 1807.
Sir: Having been directed by your Excellency to
examine the bill introduced by Hon. Mr. Paine in
the House of Representatives, January 3, 1867, "to
prov ido for organizing, arming, and disciplining tho
militia, and for other purposes," and to mako such
suggestionsm relation thereto as Imight deem propor,
I have, therefore, the honor most respeetiully to
submit the inclosed schedule of proposed, amend-
ments, with some notes in relation thereto, and in
regard to supposed omissions in tho bill referred to.
They are not mado nor intended as objeeling to or
opposing the portions of tho bill which they profess
to amend, but are submitted more lor the purpose
of calling attention to them, as being, in my judg-
ment, susceptible of Alteration and improvement in
thedirection indicated, and ol respectfully expressing
an opinion that the bill might be improved by the
adoption of amendments and additions of a similar
import.
The general plan set forth in tho bill referred to is
feasible, well conceived, and exhaustive in its char-
acter, and I am satisfied that in tho main it cannot
be improved upon, being, 111 my humble opinion, the
only one practicable lor a popular, permanent, and
efficient organization of an active uniform militia
for the various States, universally acknowledged to
be so necessaiy.
Its success, so far as the numerical strength of the
organization proposed and tho result desired are
concerned, is properly and mainly based anddepend-
ingon patriotism, which should always bo recognized
by our citizen soldiery as a greater inducement to
serve their country than pecuniary reward. Its re-
quirements as to qualifications for membership are,
in part, most wisely made dependent upon loyalty,
which should now be one of the tests ps to fitness in
any one to serve the country. It is extremely liberal
toward the States in its provisions, and also toward
those who are intended to constitute tho proposed
force, and is as economical asa duercgardfor cncour-
agerasat will adaiifc of. It is well guarded in every
respect. It provides for as much encouragement,
?Sv S fuias conducive as to tho result desired as
xtv.- C,>P without incurring an
expense which would be objectionable, and will be
Si'ilf Vpossii?10 without resort-
ing to a dralt. W hilo the forco which it proposes to
w??k Maple as a protection to the States,
it would at the same timo be available and reliable,
possessing strength sufficient to prevont any possibil-
ity ot inaugurating rebe lion, and would also be ready
when required to take the defensive in repelling for-
eign aggression or to assumo the offensive in redress-
ing an insult offered the nation.
Ihe proposed national guard schools, if adopted,
would add much to tho military education of the
country, and would-establish a just and liberal pol-
icy with regard to admission into tho Military Acad-
emy, and also as to appointments in tho regular
Army. 0
I strongly rocommend to your excellency that the
plan may rcceive your most favorable consideration
and indorsement.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN ROBERTSON.
Adjutant General.
His Excellency Henry H. Crapo, Governor of Michi-
(/an, Lansmff, Michigan.
Letter from iron. TF. J, Kmith, chairman of tho Mili-
tary Committee of the House of Representatives, Ten-
nessee.
House of Representatives,
Nashville, Tennessee, January VS. 1867.
JIy Dear General: As chairman of the Military
Committee in tho House, I thank you for tho copy
I of your bill disciplining tho militia, and for other
i purposes, l'he committee of tho House has in-
[ struetcd me to report or rather to frame a bill, and
report on that subject. I am delighted with yours,
I and am anxious to learn whether you think it will
pass and become a law ; if so it will answer overy
purpose, and wo can afford to wait. If you do not
think it is sure to pass we .shall have to get up a bill '
to protect ourselves, as I fear we can never canvass
west or Middle Tonnesseo till we have protection,
particulaily when wo enfranchise tho colored man,
as wo certainly shall. There appears to boa thor-
ough inidorstaiidiii'j am on? tho rebols that promi-
nent Union men shall not live among them. Only
the other day Coroner Eriekson was murdered in
the town of .Somerville, Fayette county. This morn-
ing we havcthe sad nowsof thenmrdcrof Dr. Aljjion-
onsc, State Senator from Obion county. A few days
before his son was murdered. I have boon repeat-
edly warned not to trust myself on my farm.
Iho fart is, general, we want souio protection, and
must have it, Andy has betiayed us, and left us to
the mercy ot Congress and Brownlow. We ale safe.
Please keep 1110 posted about your bill, and accept
the thanks of your obedient servant,
W. J. SMITH.
Hon. II. E. PaIN'E, Washington, V. C.
Mr. IIALIDING, of Illinois. I yield the
residue of my time to the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor
and ask tlie previous question 011 the bill and
amendments which I have just submitted to the
House. I wish to give notice to the other side, as
I did the other day when it was first before the
House, of tho arrangement entered into be-
tween members of the committee opposed to
and in favor of the bill, that half of the time
would be given to the opponents of the bill and
half of it to its friends. That half would have
been forty minutes had the opponents of the
bill not seen fit to consume twenty minutes in
calling the yeas and nays. That twenty min-
utes I will give them now after the previous
question has been seconded, and I will add ten
minutes to it, making thirty. I now send to
the Clerk's desk the amendment which I desire
to offer.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I would inquire of tho
gentleman if he intends to pass under the
operation of the previous question a bill which
in the opinion of gentlemen around me is de-
signed to establish a standing army in this
country, and then allow only thirty minutes to
those gentlemen to express their views upon
the subject. If so, I give him notice that it
will not be satisfactory. Gentlemen hereupon
tho committee desire to explain the provisions
of the bill. We regard it as a most extraor-
dinary measure, looking to the establish-
ment in all the loyal Stales, as you call them,
of the tame despotic rule that you have en-
deavored to fasten upon the southern States.
Mr. PAINE. I will say in reply to my
colleague that nothing would afford me greater
pleasure, if the state of business before the
House would admit it, than to have a lull dis-
cussion of this bill in all its aspects." But_ it
must be apparent to all that an extended dis-
