1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
cussion at this stage of the session is out of
the question. And I am obliged to remind
him and the House again of the arrangement
made between my colleague on tbe committee
to whom he refers, and to say that while I
would be glad enough to allow the fullest dis-
cussion, I am compelled to carry out that
arrangement.
Mr. BOSS. I suggest to the gentleman that
after the 4th of March there will be two years
in which to discuss this question, and there
certainly does not appear to be any pressing
necessity for reorganizing the militia within
the next few days. I think the state of the
country is such that we can safely defer this
question of organizing the militia at least until
we get through the tax bill and the tariff
bill, those two great measures to which the
country is so anxiously looking. For one, I
am not willing to give my assent to have this
pass without going through the bill and exam-
ining it in all its features. I want free debate
and investigation. If this country is to be
turned into a military despotism it is time the
people of the United States were made aware
of the iniquity that is attempted to be fastened
upon them. I demand that it shall not be
pressed through this Congress without giving
to the Representatives of the people an oppor-
tunity to show the nature of this scheme.
1 therefore appeal to the gentleman to allow
an opportunity to examine this measure in all
its bearings, and for that purpose let it be post-
poned until the next Congress. There have
been received no petitions from any portion
of the country for such a measure; and it is,
in my judgment, a violation of the great prin-
ciples upon which our fathers established this
Government to create a great standing army to
eat out the substance of the people and over-
turn their liberties.
Mr, PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I do not yield
for 
iMr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman to allow
an opportunity for debate.
Mr. PAINE. I have said three or four
times I would be extremely glad to do so, but
it is out of my power. I am obliged therefore
to call the previous question.
Mr. Ij 10 BLOND. Mr. Speaker, have I not
a right lo demand llie reading of the whole bill
as amended? The other day it was amended
itl'ler being read.
The tSl'UAKHR. The Chair understands
that the bill was amended after it was read ; if
so, any gentleman can have it read again.
Mr. I'AINK. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. ELOMPGE. I object.
The SI'KA IGOR. Thcgentlcman has a right
to withdraw it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the reading of
the hill as amended ; it was amended after the
eall for the reading the other day.
Mr. PA IN'10. There has been no amend-
ment since (ho bill was road.
The SPliA KIOR. The Chair is informed
thai the yens and nays were called on agree-
ing to the amendments which was after the
bill was read; therefore the gentleman can
demand the reading of the hill as amended.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to make one
suggestion. This bill proposes very radical
changes in the laws of the States in regard to
the militia. I do not know how it is with other
gentlemen, but for myself, under the press of
business upon me as a member of Congress, 1
have been unable to give this bill any consider-
ation whatever, and I apprehend that is the
cast; with, many others.
Mi. PAINE.^ How much time does the gen-
tleman desire for discussion? I am disposed
to give all the House can allow.
Mr. LE BLOND. I was going to say that
business which it is absolutely necessary to
carry through is pressing upon us, and that
under the circumstances the gentlemen ought
to permit this to be deferred until the Fortieth
Congress. It must be apparent that it is quite
impossible that this bill should pass the House
and Senate within the eleven remaining days
of this Congress, and it is therefore only con-
suming the time of the House to attempt to
pass it through this branch. I hope the gen-
tleman will seethe necessity of putting it over,
if he has not already seen it.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman can name
any time which the other side will require, I
should be glad to have them do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. LE BLOND. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot consent to lay it
over till next session.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] insist upon the reading
of the bill?
Mr. LE BLOND. Not if the yeas and nays
are taken on laying the bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on laying the bill
on the table ; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 50, nays 82, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona., Ander?on, Bergen, Boyer,
Brandegoe, Campbell, Cnanlor. Header W. Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, JDofrccs, Delano, Denison,
Eldridge, Finck, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Ilayes, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond, Lcftwich,
Marshall, MeKee, Niblack, IS icholson, Noell, Vkclps,
Plants, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Bitter, lionets,
Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves. Taber, Nathaniel (r.
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew ll.Ward, Wha-
lcy, and WiiKht—-50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M,
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, 33idwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutweil,
Bromwcll, Bundy. Sidney Clarko, Cobb, Cullom,
Darling. Dawes, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Far-
nuhar, Ferry. Griniiel!, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Henderson, Hiprby, lliU, Hooper, Chester 1). Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James 11. Hubbell, Julian,
Kclley, Keteham, Koontz, Laflin, Latham, William
Lnvvrenoe, Longycnr, Lynch, Maynard, Mclndoo,
jMoRnor, Memir, Miller, Moorhcad. Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill. Orth, Paine. Pomoroy,
Price, William li. Randall, Alexander II. llieo, John
H. Ricc, Rollins, lawyer, fSchenek, SeoliQlil, Sholla-
lurger, Snakling, Starr, Stevens, Francis Thomas,
John L. 'I horn oh. Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Vau Horn, William B. Washburn, Wentwortb,
Williams, James F. Wilson, and Wood bridge—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley. Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Blow, Broomall, Bnckland, Conkling, Cook,
Culver, Doming, Dixon, Bodge, Driggs, Dumont,
Eoklcy, Furn^vorth, Garfield, Ulosshrenner, Uood-
ycar. Hale, Hart, Hiso, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahcl
W. Hubbard, Dornas Hubbard, Ingersoll. Jenckcs,
Jones, Kasson, Kuykcndall, George V. Lawienoe,
Loan. Mnr.ston, Marvin, MeClurg, McCullough. Mor-
rill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Raymond, Rousseau,
Sloan, Stihvell, Stokes, Strouso, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, .Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Waid,
Warrior, Iilihu B. Washburne, Jlenry 1). Wash-
burn, Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, Window, and Wm-
lield—f>8.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ARNELL said: My colleague, Mr.
Storks, has been obliged to leave the House
on account of indisposition.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. paine] if it would not suit him
just as well to let the bill be postponed as to
have the remainder of the morning hour taken
up by the reading of the bill as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] proposes?
Mr. PAINE. I prefer to nave the previous
question first seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the effect of that motion if seconded will be to
take the House over to to-morrow morning.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The- yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 101, not voting
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen,Boyer, Campbell,
Chanlcr, Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Aaron Harding. Harris, Edwin N. ltubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Ritter, Rogers,
Itoss, Rousseau, Shanklin, Taber, Nathaniel (,-r.
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and
Wright—o3.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnoll, De-
los R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutweil,
Brandegee, Broomall, Bucklo.nd, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dodge, Donnelly,
Eliot, Farquhar, Grinneil, Abner C  Harding, Haw-
kins, Ilayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Chester D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
McRuer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moul-
ton, Mvers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, XJpson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Warner, Wil*am B. Washburn,
Wclkor, Wentwortb, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
Griswold, Hale, Hart, Higby, Ilise, Holmes. Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Jenckes, Jones, Julian, Ivasson, Kerr, Kctcham,
Longyear, Marston, McCluig, McCullougb, Mcln-
doe, Morrill, Patterson, Phelps, Raymond, Rollins,
Schenck, Sitgreave*, Sloan. Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Strouso, Nelson Taylor, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, and Winfield-—56.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill accordingly goes over
until to-morrow.
commercial relations.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution j which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved, That iivo hundred and fifty extra copics
of the report on the oommcreial relations of tho
United Slates with foreign nations, for tho year 1866,
be printed for tho use ot tho State Department.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states merchant marine.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
JlfHohod, That fifty copies of House bill No. 1103,
entitled "A bill in relation to the merchant marine
of the United States," be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay th-e motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
usury laws.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Eewhed, That two thousand copies of tho memorial
of the Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying for the
abolition of legal restrictions upon commerce in
money, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
congressional globe.
Mr. LAFLIN. On Saturday last, as directed
by the Committee on Printing, I offered the
following resolution:
Hcsohed, That tho Clerk of the House bo directed
to furnish to tho publishers of tho Globe at each ses-
sion of Congress a list of tho members of the House
of Representatives, with their post office address, and
the number of tho seats occupied by tho same.
In connection with that report I desire to
state that under an arrangement made with the
proprietors of the Globe there will be printed
in one volume of the Globe for each session
a list of the names of the members, with their
post office addresses, as well as a plan of the
House showing the seat of each member, upon
the terms named in the following letters from
the publishers of the Globe :
Globe Office,
Washington, D. U., February 11,1SB7.
Sib: Wo have received your letter of the 8th in-
