586
COJSTGEBSSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
induce him and the Senate to agree to post-
pone the bill, that my colleague [Mr. Cres-
well] is very anxious to be present when this
bill is disposed of. He is not here now, but I
have reason to believe that he will be here in
aday or two; and I think it, has always been
—aod I am sure no one would be more likely
than the honorable member to consider it as
due as a courtesy to him if he was placed in
that situation—it has always been customary
to postpone any measure that affects a partic-
ular State if the Senator or Senators from that
State are absent and it is known that he or
they desire to be heard upon the subject. My
colleague went to his home upon professional
business, the court being in session. I presume
the court will close to-day, and he will be here
on Monday or Tuesday. I submit, therefore,
whether, looking to the courtesy which we
observe toward each other, it is not better to
let the matter stand until he shall be here. I
certainly have no desire to make any objection
to the passage of this bill for the simple pur-
poses of delay.
Mr. WADE. I have never heard that the
colleague of the Senator from Maryland took
any particular interest in this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. He told me so ; but it was
at the last session, it is true.
Mr. WADE. I do not deny that; but I
never, heard anything of it before, and cer-
tainly that gentleman's colleague here is a very
able advocate for any interest that Maryland
may have. There are reasons why this bill
should be passed as soon as it may be; but I
should not like to be guilty of any act of dis-
courtesy. It does seem to me tbat the oppo-
sition to the bill is hardly capable of any very
strenuous advocacy from any quarter, however
able it may be. I can only say that there are
many interests affected anxious for the passage
of this bill, and it has already been greatly
delayed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask the
Senator where this road is to run; what road
it is.
Mr. WADE. The main road is to run from
Baltimore to the Potomac river in the neigh-
borhood of Port Tobacco, passing near the
county seat of Prince George's county, Marl-
boro'. . That is the direction of the main lioe
of the road according to the charter, with power
in the company to establish lateral branches
without any limitation. That is the power
granted in the charter and passed upon twice
by the State of Maryland. The company have
commenced operations on the road and are very
anxious, as they naturally would be, to know
whether they are to be permitted to run a
branch of their road into this District or not;
and the only question now before Congress is
whether or not they shall be authorized to do
that. Of course they can make their other
road because Maryland has said they might;
but they cannot come into the District unless
Congress gives them leave to do so, and that is
the only question here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor another question, whether this branch was
contemplated by the Legislature. Is it pro-
vided for in the act of incorporation?
Mr. WADE., I do not know. The language
of the statute is general, without any restric-
tion. I suppose they can run branches where
they please, provided they can get authority
from the proper jurisdiction, and Maryland
cannot stop them. The twelfth section of their
charter—I will not read the whole of it, it is
too long—provides that the company—
" May make and construct all works whatever
wMo.h may be necessary and expedient in order to
the proper completion and maintenance of said road,
and they may make or cause to be made lateral rail-
ways in any direction whatever from the said rail-
road, and for the construction, repair, and mainte-
nance thereof."
It seems to be as large a power as. could be
given, without any limitation.
• Mr. HENDRICKS. ' I do not think the
subject is much understood in the Senate; I
know I do not understand it, and therefore I
ask the Senator these questions. I ask him
now how much of this road will be in the State
of Maryland and how much in the District of
Columbia ?
Mr. WADE. I do not know exactly; but I
suppose some ten or twelve miles of it will be
in Maryland and the remainder in the District,
some three miles perhaps; but that I only
guess at.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ten or twelve miles.
Mr. WADE. And about three miles in fhe
District, I am told.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know where the
main stem will run. If the main stem runs
from Marlboro' 
Mr. WADE. Near Marlboro'.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is the point from
which the lateral road is to be made, it would
be twelve or thirteen miles I think till it would
reach the District line. .
Mr. WADE. I do not know the distance
which the route of this road will be, but I
believe Marlboro' is sixteen or eighteen miles
from here.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot run more than
four or five miles in the District if it comes in
on that side of the District.
Mr. WADE. It runs near Marlboro' and
is to come from there into the District.
Mr. JOHNSON. The distance from the
District line to Marlboro' is about ten or twelve
miles in Maryland; but the whole length of
the road will be I suppose thirty miles from
there to Baltimore ; and then they have to run
to the Potomac river also.
Mr. GRIMES. Will it go to Annapolis or
near it?
Mr. JOHNSON. That depends on the route.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to know—the
Senator from Maryland I suppose can inform
me—how far from the point where this branch
leaves the main line it runs in Maryland and
how far in the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot tell.
Mr. WADE. Both parties were before the
committee and the route was marked out and
It was said by one of the parties
that this would be a shorter road to Baltimore
than the present road. The other conteuded
that it would not be much shorter. On actual
survey it was claimed by the advocates of this
new road that the distance to Baltimore by the
route proposed would be four miles shorter
than by the present road; but I suppose it
makes no great difference whether they were
precisely accurate or not in that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
inquire whether the road this bill authorizes is
entirely within the District of Columbia, so
far as the bill which is now before the Senate
is concerned, or whether any part of it is in
Maryland.
Mr. WADE. This bill proposes to give
authority to construct the road in the District
and to bring it to the city. That is exactly
what this bill is for, and all there is in it. I do
not think there is any reason why we should
not pass it at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the information
I have on this subject, I cannot vote for this
road. The commercial and traveling interests
of the co.untry do not seem to require another
road between this city and Baltimore. At the
commencement of the war there was a diffi-
culty because the Baltimore and Ohio branch
had but one track; but during the war, for the
purpose of accommodating the increased busi-
nesss of transportation of munitions of war
and commerce and passengers, a second track
was laid down by that company between this
city and Baltimore, making a very admirable
road, as far as I have observed and heard; and
that road is well managed, well conducted. A
very large capital has been put into that road
and into the main Baltimore and Ohio road—
a road of great importance to the western conn-
try—a road that competes well with the Penn-
sylvania Central in transporting our western
productions;' and I would not wish to con-
struct, for the purpose of speculation, a com-
peting road, that is not called for by the busi-
ness of the country.
With the information I now have on the sub-
ject I cannot vote for this bill. I regard the
Baltimore and Ohio road as of very great im-
portance to the Western country, especially
that commerce and business that goes into
Cincinnati from our State and from other west-
ern States. I should be reluctant to vote for
any road that would cripple it to any extent.
Mr. YATES. Having been on the commit-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move that the unfinished
business be informally passed over, that the
Senate may proceed with the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. POLAND. I have yielded to the gen-
tleman and to almost every other gentleman,
and if I could be satisfied that nothing re-
mained to be done but simply to take a vote
on this bill I should be quite content to have
thatTclone; but I see very strong indications
that that is not to be the case. I cannot con-
sent to let the regular order go by.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business,
which is House bill No. 598, the bankrupt bill;
that bill is before the Senate and will be read.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone that bill
for the purpose of continuing the considera-
tion of the bill which has been before the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ihopethatwillnotbe done
in the absence of my colleague. I know last
session he was very anxious to be here when
this bill should be considered; and he will be
here on Monday no doubt, or on Tuesday any-
how.
Mr. YATES. Having been on the commit-
tee where this matter has had very thorough
consideration, and where we heard the col-
league of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, I arose to state that from the investigation
before the committee I understand that this
road in its entire length is seventy-one miles,
and the branch is ten miles; and the only privi-
lege the company ask is to come into Washing-
ton with their branch. I cannot appreciate
the argument of my friend from Indiana that
another road from Baltimore to Washington
will be any crippling of the enterprise or busi-
ness of the great West. I hope that the motion
to postpone will prevail, so that we may go on
with the bill.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Fogg, Fowler, Morrill,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Wade, Wilson, and
Y ates—10.
N AY S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Grimes. Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, Po-
land, and Williams—21.
ABSENT —Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Davis, Edmunds, Gathrie,
McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rid-
dle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Willey—21.
So the motion of Mr. Wade was not agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 140) to restore Lieutenant
Joseph F. Fyffe to his grade in the active ser-
vice of the Navy—to the Committee on Naval
Afiairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 843) for the relief of Ru-
fus C. Spalding, paymaster in the United States
Navy—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17o) to audit
and pay the claim of Tuller k Fisher, of
Missouri—to the Committee on Claims.
