1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
stant in which you make inquiry as to whether,
under the existing contract, we can comply with the
provisions contained in the resolution offered by Mr.
Lawrence, of Ohio, in reference to adding to the
Congressional Globe and Appendix plans of the
Halls of Congress, showing the seats occupied by
members, with the profession or occupation of each,
and his post officeaddress. In reply thereto, we will
say that we are perfectly willing to make any addi-
tion to our work (the Congressional Globe) which
Congress may see fit to authorize us to do.
In reply to that portion of the resolution which
refers to the more copious indexing of the Congres-
sional Globe, namely: to insert the "number and
titloof every bill and resolution introduced into Con-
gress with a reference to the pages thereon,"we would
say that those features were at the time the reso-
lution was offered already embodied in the index
for the present session, which has been in course of
preparation since the middle of December last.
We are, very respectfully,
F. & J. RIVES,
Reporters and Printers of the Debates of Congress,
Hon. A. H. Laflin, Chairman Committee on Printing,
House of Representatives.
Congressional Globe Office,
Washington, D. C„ February 13,1867.
Sir: In answer to your inquiry of yesterday's date,
we would saytbatwe consent to print "the listofthe
members of the Senate and House of Representatives
with their post office addresses," and insert the same
in one volume of each set of the Congressional Globe
for each session, at the same rate that is paid per
page for the body of the work, namel,y: two mills per
page: Provided, the copy shall be furnished us, in
due time, from the offices of the Senate and House,
respectively. We will provide, at our own expense,
the plans of tho Halls with references showing the
seat occupied by cach member, and print and insert
these at the same rate per page, namely: two mills.
Trusting that this statement is clear, and will prove
satisfactory, we remain, very respectfully,
F. & J. RIVES,
Reporters and Publishers of the Debates of Congress.
Hon. A. H. Laflin, Chairman Committee on Printing,
House of Representatives United States.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTER.
M . LAFLIN. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1099, to
provide for the election of a Congressional
Printer.
The question -was upon concurring in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. ^LAFLIN. When this bill passed the
House'it provided that the House of Represent-
atives should elect the Congressional Printer.
The Senate has amended the bill s'o as to give
to that body the power of electing the Con-
gressional Printer, instead of leaving it entirely
to the House. The question will naturally pre-
sent itself, Why is it necessary that this power
should be intrusted to tho Senate alone, rather
than to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives together ?
Sir, every one who has looked at this bill
at all knows its purpose, which is that the Gov-
ernment Printing Office may be placed under
the control of Congress. Oil examination it
has been found that if we should provide for
the selection of this Printer in the terms pro-
posed by the original bill, he would under the
Constitution be an officer to be named by the
President of the United States. To avoid this
confusion it is necessary that either one or
the other branch of Congress should elect the
Printer. It has been thought that the Senate
is a more suitable body to exercise this power.
I move, therefore, that the House concur in
the amendments of the Senate; and on that
motion I call the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment for an inquiry ?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether one of the amendments
of the Senate does not propose to increase the
salary of the Public Printer? As I am advised
the salary of this officer is at present $3,000 a
year, while the amendment of the Senate pro-
poses to increase it to $4,000. If this be the
fact, I would like to know the reason for the
proposed increase.
Mr. LAFLIN. I thank I,he gentleman for
calling my attention to that point. I think,
however, that all the answer required will be
furnished by the reading of the Senate amend-
ments. I call for the reading of those amend-
ments.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the first section strike out the words " Hou3e of
Representatives," and insert in lieu thereof the word
"Senate;" strike out the words "viva voce;" so that
the section will read as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Senate shall elect some compe-
tent person, who shall be a practical printer, to take
charge of and manage the Government Printing
Office.
In the second section strike out the word "se-
lected,"and insert in lieu thereof the word" elected;"
strike out the words'' House of Representatives," and
insert in lieu thereof tho word " Senate;" strike out
the words "and shall hold his office for two years and
until his succcssor shall be electedstrike out the
words "print and bind," and insert in lieu thereof
the words "superintend the printing and^ binding
of;" strike out the word "execute," and insert in
lieu thereof the words "superintend the execution
of;" so that the section will read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it furt'ier enacted. That ihe person
so elected shall be deemed an officer of the Senate,
and shall be designated "Congressional Printer."
He shall superintend the printing and binding of the
Journals and such otherdocumentsasshallbeordered
by each House of Congress, and shall superintend the
execution of all the printing and binding for the
respective Departments of the Government now
required by law to be executed at the Government
Printing Office, and shall, in all respects, be governed
by the lawsin force in relation to the Superintendent
of Public Printing and the execution of the printing
and binding.
Add at the end of the third section the words
" and the salary of the said officer shall be at the
rateof $4,000 a year;" so that the section will read as
follows'
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That, from and
after the passage of this act and the election of a
Congressional Printer in pursuance thereof, the
office of Superintendent of Public Printing shall be
abolished; and the salary of the said officer shall be
at the rate of $4,000 a year.
The question being, " Will the House concur
in the amendments of the Senate?"
Mr. FINCK called for the yeas and nays.
-The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 38, not voting
53 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M.Ashley, Baker. Bank3,Barker,Bax-
ter, J'eaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bout-
well, Brandegec, Broamall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culloin, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Donnelly, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Farquliar, Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Julian, Iiasson, Ivelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Marvin, Maynard, iYIeKoo, McRuer, Mercur. Miller,
Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William II.
Randall, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer. Schenck,
Scofield, Shellaburger, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Tiowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Whaley, James F.Wilson, and Woodbndge—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bergen, Boyer,
Campbell, Cooper, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Humphrey, Hunter,
Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Phelps,Radford, Samuel J.RandaM. Rit-
tor, Ross. Rou«seau. Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor. Francis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Williams, Windom, and
Wright—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blame,
Blow, Bromwell, Chanler, Conkling, Culver, Daw-
son, Delano, Dcnison,Dixon,Dodge, Driggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Farnsworth,Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Hart,
Hawkins, Hise, Holmes. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Ilubbell, Jenekes, Jones, Latham, Lynch, Marston,
McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, Morrill, Moulton,
Patterson. Pike, Raymond, Alexander H. Riee,
Rogers, Sloan, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Nelson
Taylor, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—53.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vacancy on committee filled.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Van Aeknam
to fill the vacancy on the Wentworth special
committee.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 594, to provide for the
payment of compound-interest notes.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
POST ROUTE TilJLL.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the an-
nual bill to establish certain post roads ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLEY. There is no general legisla-
tion in the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 1099) entitled an act providing for
the election of a Congressional Printer; when
the Speaker signed the same.
ASSAY OFFICES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
674, to establish additional offices for the assay
of gold and silver, and for other purposes.
Sr. ALLISON moved that they be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
to quiet title.
The SPExVKER also laid before the House
the amendments of the Senate to House bill.
No. 878, to quiet title to land in the town of
Santa Clara, in the State of California.
The amendments of the Senate in line three,
page 1, after "Santa Clara," insert "Peta-
luma and Placerville," and make verbal
changes to correspond in other parts of the
bill.
Mr. McRITER moved to non-concur, and to
ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ou the Army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending bill in com-
mittee is the tax bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that be postponed
to take up the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope that will not bo
done.
Mr. STEVENS. It will not take long to
consider the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. If we are going to
have a tax bill we should pass it here at once.
The House divided: and there were—ayes
69. noes 30.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to; and the tax
bill was postponed in committee to take up the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the vote now on the
motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Raymond in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 1126, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes.
The first reading of the bill for information
was dispensed with.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by sections for amendments.
Mr. LE BLOND. I raise the point of order
that the following section is not germane to the
pending bill:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That thehead-
quaitcrs of the General of the Army of the united
States shall bo at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretary of War &hali be
issued through the General of the Armj\ andm case
of his inability by the next m rank. The General
