1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
of the Army shall not be removed, suspended, or're-
lieved from command, or assigned to duty elsewhere
than at said headquarters without the previous ap-
proval of the Senate; and any orders or instructions
relating: to military operations issued contrary to
the requirements of this section shall be null and
void ; and any officer who shall issue orders or in-
structions contrary to the provisions of this section
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in office;
and any of&cerof the Army who shall transmit, con-
vey, or obey any orders or instructions so issued con-
trary to the provisions of this section, knowing that
such orders were so issued, shall bo liable to im-
prisonment for not less than two nor more than
twenty years, upon conviction thereof in any court
of competent jurisdiction.
This is a general law circumscribing the
powers of the President. It has no connec-
tion with an appropriation bill, and I move it
be excluded.  
Mi-. STEVENS. I suppose that it is hardly
a point of order, the bill having been referred
to (he committee by the House for their
action.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand the gentleman from Ohio to raise
a point of order, but to move to strike out an
appropriation.
Mi\ LE BLOND. If the Chair overrules
the point of order, of course I shall make that
motion ; but certainly the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] cannot claim that
we cannot raise the point of order now, from
the fact that the House had not the means of
knowing what was in the bill when it was
originally reported, for it went to the com-
mittee at once, under the rules of the House ;
and I raise the point now, that this is not ger-
mane to the subject-mattcr.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not the gentleman
know that there was 110 reservation when this
bill was referred ?
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 move now to strike out
the section.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That will strike out the
only good thing in the bill.
The question was taken upon Mr. Lis Blond's
motion ; and there were—ayes 26, noes 49 ; 110
quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by adding
" and report the bill to the House."
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to amend the
motion for the committee to rise is not now in
order.
Mr. THAYER. Why not?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill cannot, be re-
ported while there is an amendment to it pend-
i g-
The question was taken upon Mr. Ross's
motion; and there were—ayes 31, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded tellers ; and Sir.
Tjiavkr and Mr. Lk Blon'U were appointed
tellers.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair, and
the House, pursuant to order, took a recess until
half past seven p. in.
EVENING SESSION,
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate insisted upon its amendments, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, to
bill of theHouse No. 1143, to provide for the
more efficient government of the insurrection-
ary States.
heirs of john e. bouligny.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, by unanimous
consent, the Committeeon Private Land Claims
was discharged from tho further consideration
of bill of Senate No 428, for the relief of the
heirs of John E. Bouligny, and the bill resumed
its place on the Speaker's table.
compensation for mail services.
Mr.O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General he re-
quested to report to this House, or as early as possi-
ble after the organization of the Fortieth Congress,
what, if any, readjustment of compensation for mail
service by railways is necessary so as to more justly
equalize the amountspaid the respective companies,
in accordance with the services rendered by them.
Mr..O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across tiie missouri.
Mr. DEMING-. I ask unanimous consent
to report back a bill from the Committee on
Military Affairs for the purpose of building a
bridge over the Missouri river, within the limits
of the military reservation.
There can be no possible objection to the
bill, and it is a matter of great public impor-
tance that it should be passed before the ses-
sion closes. It is House bill No. 1118, to au-
thorize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I object.
vacancy on a committee.
The SPEAKER stated that ho had appointed
to fill the vacancy on the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House on Senate joint
resolution No. 90, to suspend tho temporary
collection of direct taxes in the State of West
Virginia, Mr. Sciiexck in the place of Mr.
Garfield.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to the resolution of the
House of the 12th instant, relative to the ulti-
mate cost of the Union Pacific railroad and its
branches.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTII, the com-
munication was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
postal laws.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 527, to amend
the postal laws, and for other purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 tho Post Office and Post Roads.
southern homestead law.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 Public Lands, reported back
an act amendatory of an act for the disposal of
U10 public lands for homestead actual settle-
ment in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida ; which was
recommitted to tho Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from tho Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate in-
sisted upon their amendments disagreed to by
the House to tho bill (II. II. No. 234) to incor-
porate the National Capital Insurance Com-
pany, had agreed to a conference asked for
by tho House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Morrill, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Patter-
son, managers of the said conference on their
part.
resolutions of tennessee legislature.
Mr. COOPER presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee in regard to the
Pacific railroad; which were referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
compound-interest notes.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, bill of the Senate
No. 594, to provide for the payment of com-
pound-interest notes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the bill be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. Idesire, in connection
with this subject, to ask the gentleman who is
acting as chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means during the absence of the regular
chairman, at what time the House may expect
the Committee of Ways and Means to obey the
instruction of the House which was sent to
that committee on last Monday week, embodied
in the resolution introduced by my colleague
from the fourth district, [Mr. Grinnell.] It
seems to me that we should have some report
from that committee in obedience to that reso-
lution. The committee was instructed to report
a bill to carry out the object embraced in that
resolution; and as that committee has leave to
report at any time, I do not see why we have
not a report, and I desire to know when we
will have it.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
There is a bill now pending before the House,
which is not at all connected with the inquiry
made by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suppose inas-
much as the bill is connected with the subjcct
about which I am inquiring, the acting chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means can
be allowed to answer my inquiry.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted upon, the Chair must rule that, debate
must be confined to the bill before the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In an-
swer to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] I would state that tho
Committee of Ways and Means have been en-
gaged upon the tariff bill, as it was thought
very important that that bill should bo reported
to the House at the earliest moment. Wo pro-
pose to-morrow——•
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order;
the reply of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is not ad-
dressed to the bill now before the Hoiree, and
therefore it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must ^sustain
the point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As my inquiry has
been made, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] has begun to answer it, I
hope he will be allowed to go on and give the
information I desire.
Mr. DAVIS. I insist upon my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. All debate must be con-
fined to the bill before the House.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Lynch to so amend the motion of Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, as to refer the bill to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
not object to the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The bill was accordingly referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state for
tho information of the House that it is not
likely that the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency will again be called in its regular order
this session.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency; and I also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I hope the reference
will be reconsidered. If the House wants to
cast a fling at the Committee of Ways and
Means, let them do so when its regular chair-
man is present.
Mr. SPALDING-. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
