1867.
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
haps as strongly the other way politically as
any State in the Union; but we have no-fear,
so far as my State is concerned, in- leaving the
appointment of these registers in the 'hands
of the district judge, where it seems naturally
and properly to belong.
If it was left to the judges of the circuit
court instead of as the bill stands, the ab-
surdity would not be so glaring as it seems to
me to be practically devolving the appointment
of these officers upon the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States, who can
of course personally know very few of the men
who will ask to be appointed in any one of the
States. He must act upon the representations
of others. Although these officers are com-
paratively insignificant, it does not follow that
there may not be a very great scramble for
them. The contest for a place does not depend
at all upon the importance of it. Although
these places are comparatively humble in
an official sense, there may be a very great
number of persons who will aspire to hold
them, and that the Chief Justice of the United
States should be set to considering and weigh-
ing the claims of perhaps half a dozen men
that he never heard of before, upon written
recommendations and personal recommenda-
tions from lawyers and politicians, throughout
each congressional district in the United States,
seems to me to be an absolute, perfect absurd-
ity. So far as that feature of the House bill is
concerned I certainly could never consent my-
self to its adoption. As to the other portions
of it, whether the appointment is left to the dis-
trict judge or given to the judges of the circuit
court, is not a matter of so very much import-
ance, because one of those judges at least
would have personal knowledge in relation to
that class of persons from whom these ap-
pointments are to be made in his own district.
JChe circuit judge would be likely to have some
knowledge upon the subject; in that portion of
the circuit in which he himself resided ho
might know as well as the district judge of that
district; but it seems to me that the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Com-
mittee is the true, just ground upon which
these appointments ought to stand.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
concur at all with the Senator from Vermont
as to the importance and dignity of the office
of register of bankruptcy provided for in this
bill. If Senators will look into the bill, espe-
cially into the fourth section, it will be discov-
ered that this office of register is one of great
importance and very great responsibility. The
Senator from Vermont compares it with that
of a deputy sheriff, and speaks of it as being an
insignificant office. I do not so regard it. Ac-
cording to the bill which he has reported to the
Senate "no person shall be eligible" to the
. appointment of register "unless he be a coun-
selor of said court or of some one of the courts
of record of the State in which he resides." In
addition, he is required to give bond for the
faithfulperformance of his duty and to take an
oath. His general powers are described in the
fourth section, which declares:
" That every register in bankruptcy, so appointed
and qualified, shall have power, and it shall be his
duty to make adjudication of bankruptcy, to receive
the surrender of any bankrupt, to administer oaths
in all proceedings before him, to hold and preside at
meetings of creditors, to take proof of debts, to make
all computations of dividends, and all orders of dis-
tribution, and to furnish the assignee with a certified
copy of such orders, and of the schedules of creditors
and assets filed in each case, to audit and pass ac-
counts of assignees, to grant protection, to pass the
last examination of any bankrupt iu cases whenever
the assignee or a creditor do not oppose, and to sit in
chambers and dispatch there such part of the admin-
istrative business of the court and such uncontested
matters as shall be defined in general rules and orders,
or as the district judge shall in any particular mattor
direct; and he shall also make short memoranda of
his proceedings in each case in which ho shall act in
a docket to be kept by him for that purpose."
The office is plainly one of great importance,
and it is in its very nature and functions a
judicial office, one to which appointments may
very properly be made by a court, and even
by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States as it seems to me. I do not
see any ground for the allegation of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, that the appoint-
ment of such officers all over the United States,
as will be the case if this bill shall pass, is any
degradation to the Chief Justice of the United
States; it is a matter as properly coming be-
fore him in his judicial capacity, is it not, as
the appointment of a clerk of the Supreme
Court or any judicial offieer over whom he has
control ?
And these registers will be very numerous
inevitably throughout the country. Through
their hands in some form will doubtless pass a
very large proportion of the property of the
people of the United States, and in the rebel
States especially I think it will turn out that
these registers will have the handling in some
form or other of the property of almost every
man in those States; for this bill, if it shall
pass and become a law, will doubtless be re-
garded as a bill of relief to a large portion of
that community, and will operate as such, ac-
cording to my ideas, far more than towards the
relief of the people of the loyal States. It is a
bill for the relief, if I may be allowed so to
speak, of southern debtors, of men and women
in the rebel States, and they will be the par-
ties who will most readily hasten to embrace
its benefits.
Now, sir, as to the appointment of thesB
registers by the courts, so far as I am con-
cerned, and so far as the district in which I re-
side is concerned, it is almost immaterial to me
whether the final appointment is made by the
circuit court or by the district court; but I
shall feel much safer, and I think the public
will generally feel much more secure, if the
right of nominating the registers is placed in
the hands of the Chief Justice of the United
States. It will certainly give the whole pro-
ceeding an air and character of dignity and
respectability which it would not possess with-
out it. People are in the habit of looking with
the highest degree tof respect and reverence
upon the chief judicial officer of the Govern-
ment, and if that clause is retained giving to
him the right of nomination it will be imma-
terial to me whether the word "circuit" be
stricken out and the word'' district'' be inserted
or not. I think the great security consists in
placing the nomination in the hands of the
Chief Justice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On this question I vote
with entire impartiality. Both the circuit and
the district judge of Indiana were appointed
by Mr. Lincoln and are both of the party to
which I do not belong. But independently of
that, I am very sorry to hear a reference to
political considerations in the appointment of
these registers, men appointed to discharge
judicial duties. Is it possible that any Sen-
ator here wants a man to be appointed to the
discharge of judicial duties so that it may be a
political act on his part? Is it possible that
party politics are to enter into the adjudication
of these men, that one man is to be discharged
because he is of one party and another not to
be discharged because he is of the other party?
or is the register expected to allow claims
because they are presented by partisans? Is
that the understanding? It is a thing I would
not have thought of; it would never have oc-
curred to my mind; but upon what principle
is it? This register is to discharge part of the
duties that belong to the district court, and
ought he not to discharge these subordinate
duties of that court in subordination to the
judgment of the district judge?
Suppose he undertakes to administer the law
in his district in a manner not agreeable to the
judge, is he not to be removed by that judge?
Who is to remove these men if upon questions
of fact or questions of law their adjudications
shall be such as the court disapproves? Is
another court to take jurisdiction of a register's
removal, and is a judge having no connection
with the business that is transacted by this man
to remove him? Suppose the Chief Justice
should appoint him and he should allow claims
that, ought not to be allowed, or disallow claims
that ought to be allowed, or in any other re-
spect his judgments should be wrong. Tie
judge of the circuit eourtknows nothing about
it: much less does the Chief Justice know any-
thing about it. He certainly ought to be undeit
the control of the district judge. Every reason
is in favor of that and none against it.
I believe the district judge of Indiana, Judge
MacDonald, would appoint good men. I hav«
a better opinion of him, however, than to sup-
pose that he would pronounce every member
of the Democratic party in Indiana and all the
lawyers that believe in the doctrines of that
party to be personally dishonest. I have not
so much contempt for him as to imagine such
a thing. I was anxious for his appointment
because I thought he was an eminent lawyer
and pure-minded man; but if I thought he was
so mean as to "suppose that the Democratic
lawyers of Indiana were a corrupt set of scoun-
drels and would not discharge the duties of a
little office like this honestly, I would not
speak to him. I would not entertain such an
opinion of the Republican lawyers of Indiana
for any consideration, and I would not go to
any judge asking him to appoint to offices like
these upon party considerations, because I
should consider myself degraded by doing.it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if he supposes that because a President
or a judge makes appointments from among
his own political friends, therefore he assumes
that all the men in the opposite party are dis-«
honest and disqualified for office. Does not
the Senator know that every President we have
ever had, in appointing supreme judges, has
made appointments from among his political
friends; and does not the Senator know that
in those States where judges are elected they
are elected from among those who have the
political majority in the State ? I think it is
entirely unjust to assume that because these
appointments are made from among the friends
of the appointing power, therefore those on the
other side of the political question arc assumed
to be dishonest or disqualified. It is human
nature. The honorable Senator can stand up
and profess to be entirely disinterested, entirely
free from any party bias or party feeling; but
every man who has had any experience knows
that it is human nature for a man who has the
appointing power to prefer his political friends
to his political enemies, all other things being
equal; and I do not know, but I should sup-
pose from the generous nature of the honor-
able Senator, that he would frankly avow that
he would rather prefer, as a usual thing, his
political friends to his political enemies.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman's mem-
ory is not very reliable. He asks me if all
Presidents have not appointed to the judicial
offices of the countrymen of their own political
party. Why, sir, one of the last acts President
Johnson did at the last session was to appoint
a brother Senator who was one of the leaders
of this body against him, Senator Clark, to be
district judge iu the State of New Hampshire,
a gentleman known to be a leader against him.
Do you suppose that was disagreeable to me?
I was very glad when that Senator failed to be
indorsed by his political party at home by a
reelection that the President of the United
States could find it right to give him that high
and honorable office, and I voted for his con-
firmation with the greatest pleasure in the
world. That is a ease in point; is it not? But
I cannot go back through all the appointments
that have been made. But here is a duty to
bo performed under the judge of the district
court; and because there are a few men on
some of the district benches that are not Repub-
licans, perhaps, you will not allow them to
make these appointments that properly belong
to the court. If it belongs to the court, let the
court appoint.
But. sir, I am not going to discuss this mat-
ter. These duties are to be discharged under
the judgment of the court, and the court ought
to have power to remove the officers on prin-
ciple. I did not rise, however, to jjiscuss the
question, but just to express my views about
carrying poiMcs into everything. Of course
