®HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 19,
which ought to be> not less than- onerbalf,-shall
constitute a quorum to transact business;
_ Mr. MERCUR. The bill provides" that the
directors shall determine what number of their
body; shall constitute a quorum;
Mr. PRICE. Precisely"; and they may de-
tMteine that one member shall constitute a
quorum, and thus place tRe eft tire business of
the company under the' control of one man,
■which would bfe ruinous-to the interests of the
company and' of the' -public. I- mo ve to am end
by inserting"the"words "not less than two
tliirdsof the entire number."
Mi . M'ERCUR. I will agree to an amend-
mfetlCsSying " one half."
Mtl PMCE. Very well; I will move that
amendment.
The-amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
The question'was upon the passage of the bill.
' Mr. P AINE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes'46, nays 30;
110 quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas G9, nays 54, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Campbell, Chanlcr, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Deming, Donnelly, Eldridge,
Eliot. Garfield, Glossbrenner. Goodyear, Grinnell,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Abuer C.Harding, Henderson,
EFill.'Hise, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Kerr. Ketcham,
Longyear, Mars ton, Moindoe, Moorhead, Morrill,
Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Plants,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Rollins, Ross,
Sawyer, Shellabarger,Sloan, Stevens, Stokes, Taber,
Thornton, Trimble, Upson. Van Act nam, Burt Van
Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and James F. Wilson—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona. Baldwin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boyer, Bundy, Reader W, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs. Eckley. Ferry, Griswold, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Holmes, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Koontz, Kuykendali, Laflin,. Leftwich,
Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, McKee, Mc-
Buer, M'ercur, Miller, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Rit-
ter, Sitgroaves, Spalding, Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
StephenF. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baxter. Beainan, Bergen, Blow, Broomall,
Buckland. Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Delano, Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Finck, Harris, Hawkins, Hogan, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, ChesterD. HubbardvJames
R. Hubbell. Hulburd. Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lo Blond, Loan, Lynoh, McCallough, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford.
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Ftousseau.Schcnck, Scofield, Shanklin,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Whaley, Williams, Wmfield,
and Wright—-68.
So the bill was laid on.the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the' vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed to the
Committee for the District of Columbia for pri-
vate business has expired. The call of com-
mittees for private business will now be resumed
where it was arrested on the 12th instant.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forget,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 453) entitled " An act to
regulate the tenure of offices," in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNI®.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
311) entitled "An act for the relief of James
Pool;" whereupon the Speaker signed tlio
KOTOS C. SPALDINO.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts, from theCom-
ihittee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a "bill (EE. R. No.
843) for the relief of Rufus C. Spalding, a pay-
master in the United States Navy.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize; and require'the Secretary of the Treasury,
in adjusting the accounts of Rufus C. Spald-
ing; as paymaster in the Navy of the United
States, to credit Spalding with $14,503 73, be-
ing the amount stolen from the quartermas-
ter's safe at the naval station at Mound City,
Illinois, on the night of December 21, 1865;
which sum stands charged to hts account as
paymaster.
Mr. DRIGGS. I would like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It appears
from the evidence before the committee that
Paymaster Spalding was ordered to Mound
City, Illinois, and entered upon the discharge
of his duties as paymaster of that station on
the 23d of February, 1865. At that time there
were connected with said station a fleet pay-
master, a purchasing paymaster and navy
agent, a paymaster in charge of provisions and
clothing, and paymaster of the receiving-ship,
making in all five paymasters, including Pay-
master Spalding. In process of time the duties
performed by all these paymasters were cast
upon Paymaster Spalding alone, and he con-
tinued to perform them till October, 1865. On
the 21st of August, 1865, finding his duties too
onerous, Paymaster Spalding, with the appro-
bation of his commanding officer, Commodore
J". W. Livingston, applied to the Navy Depart-
ment at Washington for an assistant. On the
6th day of October, 1865, Acting Assistant
Paymaster J. S. Harvey, a bonded officer of
the Navy, reported for duty, by order of the
Department, to Paymaster Spalding at Mound
City, and was by him placed in charge of the
office and the accounts of the station.
On the 21st of December, 1865, Paymaster
Spalding had received atthat station, from sales
of Government property and other sources,
nearly three million dollars. This money was
deposited in the national banks at Cairo,
some eight miles from Mound City.
On the night of the 21st of December, 1865,
before alluded to, there was in the possession
of Paymaster Spalding at Mound City $54,000.
That money was left in charge of Paymaster
Harvey, sent out by the Navy Department to
assist Paymaster Spalding, in whose charge
also the keys of the safe were when this money
was taken. The keys of that safe Paymaster
Harvey placed in his private desk, locked with
his own key, which he put inside of his pocket.
During the night the premises were entered by
some person unknown, and the amount of
money in the safe, about fifty-four thousand
dollars, was abstracted. On sweeping out the
room the following morning the porter found
a parcel of money amounting to $89,700, leav-
ing about fourteen thousand dollars missing,
which had been stolen and carried away. Pay-
master Spalding immediately asked Commo-
dore Schenck, in charge of the station, that
there should be an investigation into the loss
of this money, and the responsibility of the
person upon whom the custody of the money
devolved. That examination was made, and
subsequently a court of inquiry, at the request
of Commodore Schenck, was ordered by the
Navy Department, which court investigated
the loss and reported that Paymaster Spalding
was in no manner to blame in the premises.
It appears in the testimony before the com-
mittee that Paymaster Spalding was a man of
integrity and entire competency for the situa-
tion. The person immediately responsible was
a bonded officer, sent by the Navy Department
and placed under him. In the opinion of the
committee and of the court of inquiry and the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury no responsibil-
ity attached to Paymaster Spalding in the
premises, but belonged to Paymaster Harvey,
his assistant. In support of this it may be
stated that the Navy Department has recog-
nized the ability and integrity of Paymaster
Spalding since then by appointing him to an
important and responsible position, in which
he is at present serving.
But, sir, there is no law which will permit
the Fourth Auditor to relieve Paymaster Spald-
ing, and therefore it becomes necessary that
Congress shall pass an act for his relief; and
such an act is the one proposed in the pending
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I. wish to know the
facts concerning the leaving of the safe-keys in
a desk in the same room. I think we ought
to have a more particular statement than the
gentleman has yet given.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts. As I have
stated already, Paymaster Harvey was sent out
by the Navy Department to be the assistant of
Paymaster Spalding. Paymaster Harvey him-
self was a bonded officer of the Government,
and responsible fqf the correct discharge of his
duties. He had charge of this small sum at
Mound City. I may say this sum of $54,000,
which I call a small sum, was small in com-
parison with the amount in the custody of Pay-
master Spalding. He had $475,000 at Cairo
and other places of safe keeping. The dis-
bursements at Mound City amounted to from
twenty to fifty thousand dollars a day, and
therefore he had at Mound City the sum of
$54,000, and that at the time of the robbery
was in the possession of Paymaster Harvey,
who made payments from the safe. He had
the keys of the safe, and put them into his own
desk.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether the
committee considered this question: whether
the relief proposed to be extended to Paymas-
ter Spalding will not also extend to Paymaster
Harvey ; and whether it is the intention of the
committee to relieve Paymaster Harvey as well
as Paymaster Spalding.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will answer
the gentleman by saying it is not the intention
of the committee anybody should be relieved
from responsibility under this bill except Pay-
roaster Spalding. It appears from the evidence
in the case that Paymaster Spalding was not
responsible, and that Paymaster Harvey will be
left to settle his own accounts as well as he may.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Paymaster Spaldii^*
is held responsible because Paymaster Harvey
was acting under his orders. Paymaster Spald-
ing, as I understand the case, in consequence
becomes responsible to the Government for
the loss of this property, and that responsibil-
ity will not attach to Paymaster Harvey except
through Paymaster Spalding. Hence in re-
lieving Paymaster Spalding we relieve Pay-
master Harvey, who was negligent in the dis-
charge of his duties in leaving the keys of a
safe containing $54,000 in a desk in his office,
so any person could take it, as some person did.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. .1 reply to
the gentleman by saying that the statement
would undoubtedly be true if Harvey had
simply been the clerk of Paymaster Spalding.
But the fact was that Harvey was himself assist-
ant paymaster in the Navy and a bonded
officer, responsible to the Government for the
proper discharge of his duty.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the responsibility
then rests upon Paymaster Harvey, I do not
see the necessity of relieving Paymaster Spald-
ing. But if the responsibility is upon Pay-
master Spalding, and it is necessary to relieve
him, then it occurs to me this may extend to
Paymaster Harvey.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. In answer
to that I will state that the custom of the Navy
Department is to charge all the money sent to
the chief paymaster in charge. Paymaster
Spalding was there in charge ; the accounts
were opened with him alone before this assist-
ant was sent to him. The assistant went to
him by the Department, but went in the capa-
city of a bonded officer. I will state to the
gentleman and to the House that the Navy
Department have relieved Paymaster Spald-
ing, as far as it was in their power, and that
