1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine ; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Eldmdge, that when the House adjourn
it adjourn to meet on Thursday next; and it
was decided in the negative—yeas 27, nays 110,
not voting 53; as follows: •
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Denison, Eldridge, Mnck. Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Ilisc, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich,
.Marshall, McCullough, iNiblack, Nicholson, Samuel
J. liandail, Ritter, Ross, Taber, Nathaniel (t. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and
Wright—27.
N AYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutweli, lirandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dem-
inp, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farqu-
har, Pciry, Grinucll, Griswold, Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Deuios Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykeiidall, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrenee,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longycar, Lynch, Marvin,
Haynard, AleClurg, MolDdoe, MeKee, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moorhcad, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scufield, Sloan, Starr,
Stokes, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Gpson, Van Aernam.Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, ATarner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Windom. and Woodbridge—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Banks,Benjamin, Bidwell,
Blow, Buckland, Chanler, Conklmg, Culver, Defrees,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Garfield,
Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Holmes, Hoteh-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Inger-
soll, Jeackes, Jones, Maiston, Morrill, Myers, Noell,
Ortli, Phelps, Radford, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, Rogers, ilousseau, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sit-
Breaves, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwcll, Strouse, Thayer,
Thornton, Hamilton "Ward, Elihu B. AVashburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
field—53.
So the motion of Mr. Ei.dsidge was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who is absent on this
vote, informed me a short time since that he
■was unwell and must go home.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, an act (II. R.
No. 478) for the relief of John C. McPerron
of the United States Navy.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and fixing
the rights of volunteers as part of the Army ;
and
Ati act (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of
certain drafted men.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 595) to regulate the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
Freedmen's Bureau; and
An act (S. No. 543) to abolish and forever
prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
of New Mexico and other parts of the United
States.
government of insurrectionary states.
Mr. F1NCK. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday next;
and on that motion I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that when we adjourn we adjourn to meet
to-morrow morning at half-past eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The rule which fixes the meeting of the
House at twelve o'clock cannot be suspended
except by unanimous consent, or by the adop-
tion of a motion to suspend the rules, when
that motion is in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
the House will grant unanimous consent.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER., Is there any objection to
the proposition of tlie gentleman from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I will say
there is no desire to prevent certain action on
any bill except the one which came recently
from the Senate. We do desire that bill shall
not pass before twelve o'clock midnight. We
do not expect to make any successful opposi-
tion to its passage to-morrow; and when we
come here to-morrow we will not object to the
vote being taken. We shall not then indulge
in any dilatory motions.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
It appears in the papers that the President will
sign this. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKEli. That is no question of
ordeifc
Mr. DAWES. Let us take a recess until
twelve o'clock m. to-morrow, and then pro-
ceed to vote on this bill after the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object. Let us finish
this business to-night and get it out of the way.
Mr. DAWES. Then say to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m., and after the reading of the Jour-
nal this question shall be disposed of without
dilatory motions.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. Last night, at the request
of gentlemen on the other side, was allowed
for discussion, with the fair understanding 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to debate.
The question then recurred on.the motion
that when the House adjourns to-night it ad-
journ to meet on Friday next; and being taken,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 24, nays
111, not voting, 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ter, Cooper, Denison, Eidridgc, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Hise, Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Marshall, Niblack, Samuel J. Randall, Rit-
ter, Ross, Tabcr, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and
Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R.Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow. Bran-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Backland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston. Farnsworth, Farcruhar,
Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold, Rart, Higby, Hill. Hogan,
Holmes. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John IX. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Hunter, Knsson, Kelley, Kelso, Ket-
cham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrcnce, Loan, Lynch, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, Me-
Kee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William II.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, RoIHds, Sawver,
Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam.Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Windom and Woodbridge—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker. Beniamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Boutweli, Boyer, SPdnoy Clarke,
Conkling, Culver, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Eliot, Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingcrsoll, Jcnckcs,
Jones, Julian, Longyear, Marston, Morrill, Nocll,
Orth, Patterson, Pike, Radtord, Raymond, John. II.
Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Hamilton Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne,HenryD. Washburn,Stephen F.Wil-
son, and Winfield—55.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays. If we are now allowed
to adjourn there will be no dilatory motion to-
morrow to prevent the taking of the vote on
this subject.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope we will not
adjourn. Let us get rid of this question to-
night so that we can get to something else
to-morrow.
Mr. BLAINE. I feel it to be incumbent
upon me to object to adjournment until this
bill is passed. T may be overruled by the
House, but I hope those who support the pend-
ing proposition will stand by it and see it
through.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am glad to hear it.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made the
question then recurs on the motion to adjourn
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to listen to a suggestion, thatthe House
adjourn to meet to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. A majority can adjourn till
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BLAINE. I will say in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that I under-
stand perfectly well that the gentlemen on the
other side desire this bill shall not by any
possibility go to the President till morning;
but they must see very plainly that it is now
impossible it should get to him before to-mor-
row. I appreciate their motives ; they have
the power and I am willing they should exer-
cise it. But I do say it is a mere capricious
demand on their part that this bill shall again
be postponed a whole day.
Mr. FIN CK. I object to further debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays on the motion to ad-
journ. We did not make the demand; we
have only acceded to a request made to us by
the other side.
The question being put on the motion to ad-
journ, there were—ayes 64, noes 62.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a state-
ment.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I now renew the de-
mand for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G3, nays 79, not voting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Aneona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Boutweli, Boyer,
Brandegee, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cooper,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Donnelly, EUlridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding. Hawkins, Higby, Hise,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Kelso, Kerr, Ku> kendall, Latham, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, McClurg, McCul-
lough, McKee, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sco-
field. Shanklin, Stevens, Taber* Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Trimble, Trowbridge. Robert T.
Vanllorn, AndrewH. Ward, Whaley, Williams, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—63.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Bnrker, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Bromwell, Bioomall, Buckland, Cobb,
Cook, Darling, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dodge,
Eggleston, Farquhar, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner 0.
Hardintr, Hart, Hayes, Henderson,Hill, Hogan, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, James II. Hubbell, Julian, Kasson,
Kclley, ICetcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loncyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard,
Mclndoe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
ris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Patter-
son, Perham, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, R,ollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabarger,
Slonn, Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomns, Upson, Van Acrnam. Burt Van Horn,
Warner, William 13. Washburn, Welker, James F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Benjamin, Bidwell, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling. Cullom, Culver,
Denison, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Ilar-
i is, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones. Koontz,
Marston, Morrill, Noell, Orth, Pike, Plants, Radford,
John II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sitgieaves, Spald-
ing, Stilwcll, Strouse, Thornton, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Went-
worth, and Winfield—48.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to take
a recess till one o'clock.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a privileged motion;
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. That is not in _ order
pending the present motion to adjourn till one
o'clock, on which the yeas and nays hare been
ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged question.
We directed the Committee for the District of
Columbia to report a bill to prevent the sale
of ardent spirits. I desire the Sergeant-at-
Arnis to bring the members of that committee
