1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
the additional responsibility under which he is
held is merely technical, but still of a character
that Congress should be asked to relieve. I
now yield to the geatleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCHENCK.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Having had some ac-
quaintance n^ith the Department, and having
had a special opportunityto know something
about this matter, I will. say a word about it.
My brother, being in command at the naval
station at the time, had correspondence with
me in relatio'h to the misfortune that had
befallen this young gentleman, Paymaster
Spalding. This led me to inquire into the
facts, and the result of it, I may say in a word,
is a conviction that this bill for his relief
ought to pass. And with the utmost respect
for the Department and for the gentlemen who
may have been members of the court which
investigated the case, I must say that it was a
most extraordinary finding that they should
have implicated Paymaster Spalding upon all
the f^cts before them.
Now, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] as has been remarked by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, entirely
misapprehended him when he put the relation
between Spalding and Harvey as if it were a
relation between principal and clerk or agent
employed by himself. Harvey was himself an
assistant paymaster in the Navy, ordered by the
Department to report at Mound City to the offi-
cer in command there, to serve as an assistant to
Spalding. But he is or was himself a bonded
officer, and Spalding had nothing to do with his
selection. He was, therefore, no more respon-
sible for the acts of Harvey than I am respon-
sible as a Representative here for the action
of my friend frotn Iowa. It is true that Spald-
ing ranked him, and he being the assistant of
Spalding must have got his orders through him;
but he was like Spalding himself a paymaster,
holding a commission, having given bonds
and being liable for his acts when ordered
to serve as such assistant. Spalding had no
more control over the selection and knew no
more who was to be sent to him as his assist-
ant than you or I. Nor had he a right to object
to Harvey. Harvey went there under the order
of the Navy Department, and acted upon his
responsibility as a bonded officer, and it was
not in the power of Spalding either to select
or to reject him, but he had to take whatever
officer was sent by the Department.
Now, what is the' proof in this state of facts?
Why, that Spalding was performing not only
duties at the naval station as paymaster, but
acting as paymaster for a receiving ship and in
various other capacities, which led him away
from time to time from the yard. In his ab-
sence there was no one who could act for him
except a second officer of the staff. The other
paymaster with him was necessarily intrusted,
therefore, with the charge of the safe containing
whatever money had been placed on deposit
there. The keys were necessarily intrusted to
this officer, who was sent there as assistant
paymaster. The proof submitted on this sub-
ject in the first inquiry that was made, when
the whole matter was fresh with all the facts,
entirely exonerated Paymaster Spalding and
threw the blame on Harvey. I desire only to
add that I think there might be a propriety
perhaps in suggesting to the gentleman from
Indiana and to the chairman of the committee
of inserting a clause in this bill that it should
not be so construed as to exempt Harvey from
any personal liability.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man can move that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so, but I do not
wish to be understood as stating that even
Paymaster Harvey should be responsible for
the loss of this money. But if anybody should
be held responsible it should be Harvey. I
move to amend the bill by adding the words
"that nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to exempt from official or per-
sonal liability upon his bond Assistant Pay-
master Harvey."
The amendment was agreed to.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 38.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask to be excused from
voting on this bill.
No objection was made, and Mr. Spalding
was accordingly excused from voting.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH P. FYFFE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with a
substitute, House bill No. 140, to restore
Lieutenant Joseph Fyffe to his grade in active
service in the Navy.
The substitute was read. It authorizes the
President of the United States to nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint Lieutenant Joseph P. Fyffe
to the active list of the Navy, and to restore
him to the rank to which he may be entitled
therein.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
S.L. BREESE.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported back House joint
resolution No. 216, for the restoration of Lieu-
tenant Commander S. L. Breese, United States
Navy, to the active list from the retired list.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the President of the United States to nominate
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate to appoint, Lieutenant Commander S.
L. Breese to the active list of the Navy, with
the rank to which he may be entitled thereon.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the-table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAUL S. FORBES.
Mr. KELLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with amendments,
Senate joint resolution No. 99, for the relief
of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract with the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy, as in his judgment he deems
best, either to accept the steam screw sloop-of-
war Idaho of the contractor, Paul S. Forbes,
at the contract price of $600,000, or to transfer
the said sloop to said contractor, on the latter
giving bond with good and sufficient security,
to be approved by the Secretary of the Navy,
to refund to the Department within six months
of the date of such transfer all advances of
money made by Government on account of the
construction and equipment of said vessel.
The committee recommend that the bill be
so amended as to instruct the Secretary of the
Navy to accept the steam screw sloop-of-war
Idaho from the contractor, Paul S. Forbes, at
the contract price of $600,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the amendment recommended by
the Committee on Naval Affairs proposes to
take away from the Secretary of the Navy all
discretion in this matter, and directly instructs
him to accept this vessel and pay the contract
price.
Mr. KELLEY. That is what the commit-
tee propose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the amendments of the committee will not be
agreed to by the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know that I can
more briefly and clearly state the facts involved
in this case than by asking that the petition of
Mr. Forbes be read.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go over to tie morn-
ing hour of the next private bill day.
ENGINEER CONTRACTS FOE 1866.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a-
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting in compliance with the act of
April 21, 1808, a list of the contracts made by
the officers of the engineer department during
the year 1866; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
PATAPSCO SHIP-CHANNEL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmittipg, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 8, 1867, a report by the
chief of engineers relative to the ship-chan-
nel of the Patapseo river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
AFFAIRS IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 3, 1867, reports of the tours
of inspection made by General Rushing and
General Hazen; which, with the accompany-
ing documents, was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
a bill now on the Speaker's table be ordered
to be printed; I refer to Senate bill No. 453,
to regulate the tenure of offices.
No objection being made, the bill was
accordingly ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Would it be in order at
this time to move the reference of that bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. FoRifEY,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 511) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary E. Finney, widow of first lieuten-
ant Solon H. Finney, late of the sixth regi-
ment Michigan cavalry; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
granting land to the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor,
Kewenaw county, in the State of Michigan, to
Fort Howard, Green bay, in the State of Wis-
consin," approved March 3, 1863; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
TRADE-MARKS.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill relating to trade-marks;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
GEORGE W. FISH.
Mr. BANKS. I desire unanimous consent
to move that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (S. No. 440) for the relief of George W.
Fish, and that the bill be referred to the Covd-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear the bill read, so that we may deter-
mine to which committee it should properly go.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs has had the subject under considera-
tion.
