594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George
W. Fish $1,82-5 04, in full pay for consular
services as United States consul at Ning Po,
China, and for exchange due him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
should properly go to the Committee on Com-
merce ; but I will not object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
There being no- objection, the motion of Mr.
Banks was agreed to.
BOUNTIES OF CALIFORNIA TROOPS.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on .Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety and -j us-
tiee of securing to the troops raised in California
during the late rebellion, who enlisted for three
years or daring the war, but who were honorably
discharged, by reason of the termination of the war,
before their term of service had expired, the boun-
ties promised to them at the time of theirenlistment;
and that the committee have leave to report at any
time by bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The clause of this reso-
lution authorizing the Committee on Military
Affairs to report at any time, requires unani-
mous consent for its adoption.
Mr. G-RINNELL. I object to that clause.
•Mr. BIDWELL. I modify the resolution by
striking out that clause.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
page's picture of farragut.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :•
Resolved, That the j oint Committee on the Library
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing Page's picture of Admiral l''arragut, now
hanging in the Rotunda of the Capitol, with leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 543, to provide for restoring
to the States lately in insurrection their full
political rights.
Mr. SPALDING-. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that I am now, as I have been for some
months past, of the opinion that if the consti-
tutional amendment should not be accepted
by the disloyal States it would become the
duty of Congress to intervene, and so legislate
as to reconstruct those rebellious communities
upon the votes of their loyal citizens without
respect to class or color. But, sir, if the
amendment of tlie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] to this bill should be
adopted and become a law, it will, it seems
to me, be found defective in this important
particular; that it does not afford any protec-
tion to that loyal class of the inhabitants of
those communities who are to perform these
high functions. Why, sir, these colored men
who are now recognized by the Government as
possessing the rights of freemen, and who are
to be called upon to assert the elective fran-
chise, are to be in jeopardy of being shot down
like so many dogs when they attempt to visit
the polls. Now, I propose to have that class
of citizens armed with power for their protec-
tion ; and to that end I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which I hope my friend from Pennsylva-
nia will accept. It is to add a new section,
as follows :
And be it further enactcd. That from and after the
passage of this act, and until said States in rebellion
shall be admitted to representation in Congress as
aforesaid, the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall be suspended in Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Texas, Alabama, Louisi-
ana. Mississippi, and Arkansas; and said districts of
country are hereby placed under martial law for and
during the whole term aforesaid.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is all right. I
accept it as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. KOONTZ. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to examine in detail the bill now under
discussion, but will occupy a portion of the time
'allotted me in discussing the general princi-
ples involved therein. When the late civil
war closed with the overthrow of the military
power of the southern confederacy the first
questions that were presented to the considera-
tion of the loyal people of the country were,
what penalties shall be imposed upOD the per-
sons who brought so direful a calamity upon
the nation? and what shall be done to restore
civil governments to those communities, and
once more bring them into harmonious action
with the General Government? For over four
years the nation had engaged in a desperate
struggle for its life. Ten States had by sol-
emn legislative enactment separated the ties
that bound them to the Union, organized a
separate government, seized the forts, arsenals,
navy-yards, mints, custom-houses, and other
property of- the Government, raised large ar-
mies and waged one of the fiercest wars known
in history, to establish their independence.
After an immense expenditure of blood and
treasure the whole fabric of treason fell crum-
bling to the earth, and the great fact established
thereby was the ability of the nation to main-
tain itself against domestic foes.
A stern sense of justice demanded that some
punishment should be inflicted upon the guilty
criminals who had lighted the fires of civil
war, desolated so large a portion of our fair
land, and robed the country in mourning for
the precious dead whose lives had been sacri-
ficed through their mad ambition. At the same
time a proper regard for the future peace and
security of the country required that there
should be some conditions imposed upon them
before they could again be permitted to par-
ticipate in the privileges pertaining to the true
and loyal people of the country. These things
were looked for by the friends of the Govern-
ment, not through a spirit of hatred or revenge
toward the rebels', but because they were con-
sistent with not only the fundamental law of
She land but with that great principle of self-
preservation which lies at the foundation of all
Governments, and belongs to nations as well
as to individuals. The crime of treason is de-
fined by the Constitution as follows:
"Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."—
Article 3, section 3.
And the punishment provided therefor is, by
act of Congress, 30th April, 1790, as follows:
"If any person owing allegiance to the United
States of Ameriea shall levy war against tliem, or
shall adhere to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort, within the United States or elsewhere, and
shall be thereof convicted, on confession in open
court, or on the testimony of two witnesses to the
same overt act of the trea*on whereof he or they
shall stand indicted, such person or persons shall be
adjudged guiity of treason against the United States,
and shall suffer death."
It requires no argument here to prove that
they were guilty of this monstrous crime. That
they waged a fierce and relentless war against
the United States we have but to look at the
numberless widows and orpht as, who remind
us that three hundred thousand precious lives
were lost to resist their attacks upon the Gov-
ernment ; and to remember that a national debt
of $3,000,000,000, which will tax the energies
of our people for generations to come, was con-
tracted to overthrow the work of treason. Man-
ifestly guilty, therefore, of this high crime it
would have only been in accordance with the
dictates of justice ha d they suffered its penalty.
The principle that there must be punishment
for crime pervades both human and divine law,
and as they were guilty of the very highest
crime known to the law, as well as of all the
crimes that follow in the train of civil war, it
was but a reasonable expectation on the part
of the loyal people that they should expiate
their crimes by suffering the penalties of the
law. I do not claim, nor do 1 believe it to be
the sense of the people, that these plain pro-
visions of the law should have been enforced
upon the great mass who were deluded into the
ranks of treason ; but I do most sincerely be-
j lieve it to be the deliberate judgment of the
j great body of the American people that the
guilty leaders ought to have suffered condign
punishment. Instead, however, of carrying out
his previous threats that "traitors mustbe pun-
ished," the accidental occupant of the White
House showers upon them executive clemency,
and instead of " treasou being made odious"
it basks in the smiles of presidential favor.
Think of Alexander H. Stephens, the vice pres-
ident of the rebel confederacy, with the par-
don of Andrew Johnson in one hand and a
commission from the State of Georgia in the
other, waiting for umy policy" to be carried
out to take his seat as a Senator fti the Senate
of the United States, and you have a striking
illustration of the way in which the highest
crime against the nation has been dealt with.
Treason vanquished upon the battle-field has
succeeded through the treachery of Andrew
J ohnson in escaping the blows of justice. It re-
mains for the Congress of the United States to
see to it that the people are not robbed of the
fruits of the great victory won by the sword;
and that before these communities can be re-
stored to their former position they must com-
ply with such conditions as may be deemed
necessary for the future peace of the country.
In a Government where there is the widest
latitude given to the expression of individual
opinion, and where opinion is formed intp law
through the instrumentality of the ballot-box,
it is but natural that there should be great diver-
sity of sentiment upon a question so import-
ant as that of deciding upon the true relation
of those States to the Government which they
had attempted to destroy and whose authority
they were compelled to acknowledge after a
bloody and destructive war. The public sen-
timent of the country is divided upon this
question. Upon the one side are the whole of
the people lately in rebellion, that entire class
of people in the North who, if they did not
sympathize with rebellion, constantly opposed
every measure used for its overthrow, together
with a few renegade Unionists, among whom
is the President of the United States. On the
other side are the truly loyal men of the South,
both white and black, and that great and pat-
riotic body of people in the North who were
true to the Government through its long and
trying struggle with red-handed treason. The
sentiments of the people upon this question
began to be developed with the events imme-
diately followingthe overthrow of the rebellion,
and have continued to be molded by successive
events until now, when they have assumed a
decided form, and are expressed either in ad-
vocacy of, or bitter hostility to, what is known
as the President's policy of reconstruction.
When Andrew Johnson was elevated to the
Presidency through the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln the Thirty-Eighth Congress had
expired by constitutional limitation. Without
summoning together the legislative branch of
the Government he at once began the work of
reconstruction. Reappointed provisional gov-
ernors for these States, directed the calling of
conventions in them for the purpose of start-
ing the machinery of State government, de-
manded from them compliance with certain
conditions which he imposed, and then pro-
nounced them in a fit condition to the admitted
into the Union, provided they sent loyal repre-
sentatives to Congress. Before discussing the
policy of the President relative to the admis-
sion of the representatives from the States lately
in rebellion, permit me to say, sir, that, in my
judgment, since the formation of this Govern-
ment there never was a more glaring tend
notorious usurpation of power than that com-
mitted by Andrew Johnson in his attempt to
direct the work of reconstruction. The most
important question that ever came before the
American people for consideration and action
was- that of the adjustment of the difficulties
growing out of the war. The people in ten
States had for four years been in rebellion
against the constituted authorities of the coun-
try, a vast amount of blood and treasure was
expended on both sides, the passions and pre-
judices of the people were excited to a degree
common only to such great conflicts ; in short,
the throes of one of the mightiest revolutions
( ever enacted in the great drama of human life
had developed such a condition of public affairs
as required the combined efforts and the col-
lective skill and wisdom of all the departments
1 of the Government.
