1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution for
the printing of extra copies of General War-
ren's report of the survey of the Upper Missis-
sippi river, reported in favor of the resolution;
and it was agreed to, as follows :
llezolved, That five thousand oopics of the report
of Major General G. K. AVarren of the survey of the
U pper Mississippi be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
ARKANSAS LOYAL TROOPS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a memorial of Albert W.
Bishop, Adjutant General of Arkansas, pray-
ing that an appropriation be made for the pub-
lication of his report presented to the Legisla-
ture of that State, liave instructed me to report
a resolution in conformity with the prayer of
the memorialist; and if the Senate will now
indulge me I will state the object of the reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration if
no one objects, because as the Senate nearly
always indulges the Committee on Printing
with the present consideration of their resolu-
tions, I do not wish to ask for it unless it is
necessary for the public service. All the loyal
States have prepared rosters of the men who
served in the loyal Army, and they have been
published with the reports of the adjutant gen-
eral of the various States. The State of Ar-
kansas furnished over ten thousand men to the
loyal Army. The adjutant general presented
his report with a roster of those names to the
Legislature of that State, which is now under
disloyal control, and they have refused to pub-
lish it, so that there is no record whatever of
the services of these gallant men. It seemed
to the committee that it was due to them that
'his dereliction on the part of their own State
should be made up by Congress. They have
also received a letter from General Grant
strongly urging the publication of the report.
It will cost about five hundred dollars. Now,
if 110 Senator objects, I ask for the preseut
consideration of the resolution.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the report of Albert W. Bishop,
adjutant general of Arkansas, be printed for the use
of the Senate, and that one thousand extra copies be
printed for the use of the adjutant general of Ar-
kansas, to be distributed among the loyal officers of
that fyt a to mentioned theiein.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. I reported yesterday a
bill to provide for the election of a Congres-
sional Printer. I should be much obliged to
the Senate if they would take up that bill. I
move that the Senate proceed to its consider-
ation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island refer to a bill re-
ported to-day ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir. My motion is
to take up the bill (IT. R. No. 1099) providing
for the election of a Congressional Printer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that bill which
the Senator from Rhode Island has charge of
will not be taken up this morning. It will, no
doubt, elicit considerable debate. It s ems to
be a vexed question in the Senate as to what
we shall do with the public printing. There
are other measures that are much more im-
portant. I desire to call up the bill which has
been reported from the Reconstruction Com-
mittee.
Mr. CRESWELL. 1 object to the consid-
eration of bills that have been lying on the
table for some time past until we get in our
reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the morning business going on. T merely
wanted to get my motion in ahead of any other
motion to take up a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I will waive it, for the
morning business.
TOWING ON THE LAKKS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to- whom was referred a petition
of owners of tugs and vessels on the lakes and
rivers on our northern frontier, praying an
amendment to the twenty-first section of the
act of July 18, 186G, by adding thereto this
proviso:
, Provided, That this section shall not apply, or be
i. i to any case where the said towing in
whole or m part is within or upon foreign waters—
Have directed me to report a bill in conformity
with the prayer of the petitioners. The bill
simply enacts the provision I have stated in
two or three lines, and I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 005)
to amend the twenty-first section of an act
entitled "An act further to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes," approved July 18,
18G6, was read three times, and passed.
CUSTOMS, FORFEITURES, FIXES, ETC.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Committee on Com-
merce. to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 577) to regulate the disposition of the pro-
ceeds of fines, penalties, and forfeitures in-
curred under the laws relating to the customs,
have instructed^ me to report it with amend-
ments. I ask for its present consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. CON NESS. I hope this bill will be al-
lowed to lie pver to-day. It is a very important
one, and this is the first time my attention has
been called to it. I should like to have time to
look at it before it is acted upon. I do not desire
to interpose delay, as it is a bill reported from
a standing committee of the Senate; but I con-
fess that it is of sufficient consequence to the
people I represent here for me to wish an
opportunity to examine it before it shall be
passed. I find that at the last session of Con-
gress a very important bill passed here, into
which I will not say were smuggled, but into
which provisions of a very important charac-
ter were placed without any knowledge on the
part of several of the Senators. That was a
bill affecting commerce materially; one pro-
vision, for instance, repealing and setting aside
all the pilot laws of the States of the Union.
I hope this bill will lie over before we act
upon it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the present
and all prior orders be postponed, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1143, to provide for the more efficient
government of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of bring-
ing up that bill, but I want to make some re-
ports.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of bringing
up this bill and the Louisiana bill, but 1 wish
that there should be some understanding in
the Senate as to the order in which they are to
be brought up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon proceeding to the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the question before
Senate; but the point is, whether we had better
begin with that bill or with the bill which
stands first on our Calendar. The bill first on
our Calendar certainly has the advantage in
point of time. I do not wish to go into uny
question now between the comparative merits
of the two bills I am so cordially in favor of
each; but I must say that I should prefer to
see the Senate approach what I would call the
mafci question by considering first the Louisi-
ana bill. It came to us first, and I think we
ought to decide it first: indeed, T see no reason
why the other bill should bo put in before it.
If there is any good reason for it, I certainly
shall withdraw all objection.
Mr. WxiDE. The other bill did get the start
of that, but I confess that if I were to take my
choice between the two bills I should prefer
the Louisiana bill with an amendment making
it applicable to all the insurrectionary States.
But, nevertheless, these bills have different
objects entirely as I read them. The bill of the
Senator from Oregon is a military bill, which
gives immediate protection to the Union men
in the southern States where murder and vice
of every kind are predominating. A remedy
should be applied as soon as it possibly can
be. The Louisiana bill contemplates recon-
struction and will go slower, and will not, in my
judgment, be as efficient to defend the Union
people of the So'uth as the other bill. The
one is local and the other general, applying to
all these States. For this reason, although I
seem to have charge of the local bill as you
may say, 1 have thought that perhaps it was as
well to take up the other; and as I am for both
of these bills, and believe they both ought to
pass, I do not want to take up any time in
antagonizing one against the other. 1 am indif-
ferent which is considered first, but I moved
yesterday to postpone the Louisiana bill until
to-day so that the other bill might have one
reading at all events. I suppose it will now
come in ahead, and for my part I am willing
that it should.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly do not wish
to antagonize anything against this bill, but I
thought I had put in a caveat that I might take
up the bill which was reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing yesterday. I ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon if he will not give me ten
minutes, if his bill is-taken up, for the con-
sideration of that measure?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot accede to the
request of the Senator, because evidently that
bill will lead to protracted debate, and then
Senators ought to remember that there are
certain bills which must be passed within a
given time if they are to become laws, because
they are expected to encounter a veto.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is one of them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is of less consequence
than these other bills.
The motion of Mr. Williams was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, I am willing to
yield a few minutes to let the morning busi-
ness be disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 170) to
facilitate the settlement of claims for quarter-
masters' stores and subsistence supplies, fur-
nished by loyal persons to the Army of the
United States in the late rebellion, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (IT. It. No.
266) granting certain public property to the
Stale of Ohio, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Michael Mangan ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 576) relating to appeals and writs of error
to the Supreme Court, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred a memorial
of the National Association of State and City
School Superintendents, praying the establish-
ment of a National Bureau of Education ; a
petition of members of the bar of the city and
county of Philadelphia, pi'aying an increase of
the salary of the judge of the United Slates
district court for.the eastern district of Penn-
sylvania; and a petition of members of the New
York bar, praying an increase of the salary
of the United States judge for the southern
district of New York, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, the subjects
having been reported on ; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 226) extending
the provision of section two of an act entitled
" An act to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and to provide for the pay-
ment of certain demands for quartermaster's
stores and subsistence s-upplies furnished to
