1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the Army of the United States," approved
July 4, 1804, reported it without amendment.
COAST SURVEY KEPORT.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Re solved, That there b© printed of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year
1866 twelve hundred extra copies, for the use of the
Senate, and one thousand for distribution from the
office of the Coast Survey.
MONUMENTS TO DECEASED SENATORS.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following
resolution:
liesolved, That the Sergeaht-at-Arms of the Senate
beinstructed to have the ordinary monuments erected
the Congressional Cemetery in memory of Senators
who have died since July 4,1861.
Mr. GRIMES objected to the present con-
sideration of the resolution, and it was laid
over under the rules.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
GOG) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts," approved July 27, 38(30; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the .Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENTIAL TERM.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire-to submit now some
amendments, which I propose at the proper
time to offer to the joint resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wads,] relative to the
amendment of the Constitution in regard to
the presidential oflico. I propose to strike out
the proposed arlicle of luneudment submitted
by that resolution, and in lieu of it (o insert:
AltTICMO —.
Skc. 1. Each State may. in the month of January
next, before the expiration of any presidential tonn,
nominate to the two Houses of Congrtws one of its
citizens having the constitutional qualifications for
the office of President; and on the ensuing soeond
Wednesday of February thotwo Ileuses shall meet
in joint convention, and from tho persons so nomi-
nated shall proceed viva voce to vote for President
until one of thein shall havo received a majority of
the votes of tho wholo number of members of both
Houses of Congress, dropping, when necessary, those
having (he smallest number of votes on each succeed-
ing ballot, until somo one shall havo received such
majority, who,shall bo President of the United States
ior tho ensuijifi term.
>Si.c. I. After (lie President shall have boon chosen,
tho two Houses shall proeeod in joint convention in
tho same manner to elect a Vieo President from tho
remaining persons that may havo been nominated for
tho presidency.
Skc. •'$. AU persons hereafter oloeted to the presi-
dency or to tho vieo presidency, and succeeding to
tho presidency, shall bo theroatter forever ineligible
to the presidency.
I move that an order bo entered for the
printing of this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
LAltCKXV OK liOVlillNMENT PROPERTY.
Mr. JfliNDlUCKS. The House of Repre-
sentatives has disagreed to our amendment to
the bill (fl. 1{. No. 004) to define and punish
certain crimes therein named and asked for a
conference. [ move that the Senate insist on
its amendment and agree to the conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the President
pro tempore being authorized to appoint the
committee, Messrs. IIexdrioks, Hakris, and
Cheswei.l were appointed.
MESSAGE IT.OM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House liad passed without amendment
the joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No.
Mil; for the relief of Charles Clark, marshal
of the United States for the district of Maine;
and with anamendment the bill of the Senate
(S. No. 436) for the relief of Alexander F.
Pratt.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 1168) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth P. Chipman, widow of Major Charles
Chipman, deceased;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
relief of Almanson Eaton, receiver of public
money for the land office at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin;
A bill (H. R. No. 1078) to amend section
two, chapter one hundred and twenty-nine, of
public acts of 1849.
A bill (H. R. No. 1170) for the relief of Col-
onel L. C. Houcls, of Tennessee;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) for the
relief of Thomas W. Fry, jr., late captain and
acting quartermaster, Alton, Illinois; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) for the
relief of James J. Hudnall.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills, and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 452) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia;
A bill (II. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedrick;
A bill (II. R. No. 1055) for the relief of
John Morean, of Machine, New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1056) for the relief of
Lemuel Worster ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1125) granting an addi-
tional pension to Samuel Downing, one of the
last surviving soldiers of the revolutionary war;
A bill (H. II. No. 11-10) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 206) in rela-
tion to the pensions of widows of revolutionary
soldiers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. .Jane Clements.
(iOVlOllNMENT OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope we shall go on
with House bill No. 11-13.
Mr. ANTHONY. There are but fifteen
minutes of the morning hour left, and I hope
the Senator from Oregon will allow me that
time for tho consideration of the bill providing
for tho election of a Congressional Printer. 1
think we can pass it in that time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should havo no objec-
tion if the bill would elicit no debate; but if
there is to be debate upon it I shall insist on
proceeding with the bill regularly before the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not desire to speak
more than live minutes on the bill to which I
have called attention, and I do not suppose the
friends of the bill desire to discuss it.
Mr, WILLIAMS, i insist on going on with
the bill before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the insurrectionary
States is before tho Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It will be read.
The Secretary read the bill.
The preamble recites that the pretended
State governments of the late so-called con-
federate States of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, were
set up without the authority of Congress and
without the sanction of the people; and that
those pretended governments afford no ade-
quate protection for life or property, but coun-
tenance and encourage lawlessness and crime ;
and that it is necessary that peace and good
order should be enforced in these so-called
States, until loyal and republican State govern-
ments can be legally established. •
The bill then proceeds to declare that these
late so-called confederate States shall be divided
into military districts and made subject to the
military authority of the United States, and for
that purpose Virginia shall constitute the first
district; North Carolina and South Carolina
the second district; Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida the third district; Mississippi and
Arkansas the fourth district; and Louisiana
i and Texas the fifth district.
The second section makes it the duty of tho
General of the Army to assign to the command
of each of these districts a,n officer of the Army,
not below the rank of brigadier general, and to
detail a sufficient military force to enable such
officer to perform his duties and enforce his
authority within the district to which he is
assigned.
■ Section three makes it the duty of each
officer so assigned to protect all persons in
their rights of person and property, to suppress
insurrection, disorder, and violence, and to
punish, or cause to be punished, all disturbers
of the public peace and criminals, and to this
end he may allow local civil tribunals to take
jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or, when
in his judgment it may be necessary for the
trial of offenders, he shall have power to or-
ganize military commissions or tribunals for
that purpose, anything in the constitution and
laws of any of the so-called confederate States
to the contrary notwithstanding ; and all legis-
lative or judicial proceedings or processes to
prevent or control the proceedings of these
military tribunals, and all interference by the
pretended State governments with the exercise
of military authority under the act, shall be
void and of no effect.
It is provided by section four that courts and
judicial officers of the United States shall not
issue writs of habeas corpus in behalf of per-
sons in military custody, except in cases in
which the person is held to answer only for a
crime or crimes exclusively within tho jurisdic-
tion of the courts of the United States within
these military districts, and indictable therein,
or unless some commissioned officer on duty
in the district wherein the person is detained
shall indorse upon the petition a statement cer-
tifying, upon honor, that he has knowledge or
information as to the cause and circumstanccs
of the alleged detention, and that he believes
the same to be wrongful, and further,' that he
believes that the indorsed petition is preferred
in good faith and in furtherance of justice, and
not to hinder or delay the punishment of crime.
All persons put under military arrest by virtue
of the act are to be tried without unnecessary
delay, and no cruel or unusual punishment is
to be inflicted.
The fifth section declares that no sentence
of any military commission or tribunal author-
ized by the act affecting the life or liberty of
any person shall be executed until it is ap-
proved by the officer in command of the dis-
trict ; and that the laws aud regulations for the
government of the Army shall not be affected
by the act, except in so far as they conflict with
its provisions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I gave notice last night,
at the suggestion of some members of the
Senate, that I should propose an amendment
to this bill; but as I am impressed with the
necessity of its passage at this session, and
have consulted with persons who know and
advise me that any amendment to the bill will
endanger if not absolutely defeat its passage,
I have concludcd not to present the amend-
ment which I intended to propose, and I deem
it my duty under the circumstances to oppose
all amendments to this bill, because I think it is
necessary that this bill should pass. Although
it will not suit, I presume, the wishes or views
of individuals, yet under the circumstances it
is probably as near meeting the views of a
majority as any bill that can be prepared.
If Senators who favor the passage of this
bill will pardon the suggestion, I hope that it
may be put forward with as little discussion as
Senators may think advisable on the part of
those who support the bill, and I shall press it
to a vote as soon as practicable, and shall
endeavor to secure its passage through tho
Senate before to-morrow night, or by to-mor-
row night at any rate.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable member yesterday had
been adopted by the Senate, or was now to be
adopted by the Senate, it would make the bill
very much less objectionable than it is to me.
I should not have voted for it, even if that
