1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that in a separate republic the institution might
Still be revived in some modified form and
something at least of their large investment
saved, and to this extent the motive to renew
the struggle in more propitious times survived.
This hope and motive for disunion would grow
weaker and weaker as the subject-raee become
more and more intelligent, thrifty, and self-
reliant.
To facilitate this result the civil rights and
Freedmen's Bureau, the franchise, and many
other minor bills of like import were passed
by Congress. The advancement of the negro
was thought to be a greater hindrance to the
revival of the disunion institution and a greater
discouragement of confederate outbreaks than
repealable laws or amendable constitutions.
This was the Republican plan of reunion. The
Democrats, acting on their theory of fostering
and thus conciliating the disturbing elements,
opposed all measures for emancipation, and
are still opposing bills for the improving the
colored race. I do not question their sincerity.
Quite likely they sincerely thought that the
best way to unite the North and South was to
yield to, extend, cherish, and propitiate the
cause of disagreement. But this is passed.
The great work is nearly accomplished, and I
refer to the course of the two parties upon it
only to illustrate my position, that they seek
the preservation of the Union in diametrically
opposite directions.
The Republicans had hoped that by the
removal of this original cause of quarrel all
incentives to disunion would disappear; but
on the threshold of reconstruction another and
to some extent an unexpected trouble pre-
sents itself. The confederacy had four and a
quarter years of nationality. During this time
vast interests, passions, and resentments grew
up under and centered in it. She contracted
many debts, a debt in bonds and currency to
her capitalists, of damages to her property-
holders, of honor to her soldiers, memory to
her fallen, and alms to the suffering. The dead
claim homage; the maimed, widowed and or-
phans, pensions; the impoverished, payment;
and the leaders, historic honors. These in-
terests and passions embrace all classes and
appeal to all hearts within the circumference
of confederate power. This makes a cause
stronger than slavery. There is more money
in it by half, and quite as much to awaken
resentment or provoke resistance.
If these people come back with these inter-
ests unbarred by a constitutional amendment,
tow can they avoid struggling to save in the
Union all that was risked in the confederacy?
If they do not, they must be worse than men or
better than angels. But these interests are in
direct conflict with the corresponding interests
of the Federal Government. The reunited na-
tion eannot honor Grant for preserving the
Union and Lee for attempting .to destroy it.
We cannot mourn for the three hundred thou-
sand Union dead and pension the men at whose
hands they fell. It will be another war of sec-
tional interests to be fought over in the Halls of
Congress, the State Legislatures, on the hust-
ings, and then again if opportunity presents on
the field of blood. The " lost cause will take
the place of the slave power" with a larger in-
vestment to back it, and a less repulsive face to
defend.
What shall be done with this new element of
disintegration and strife? The Republicans
propose to dispose of it as they did slavery—
bury it by another amendment of the Consti-
tution. And why shall not this be done, and
the Union thus purified and harmonixea re-
stored at once ? Does Congress stand in the
way? No, sir; for eight months the two pol-
icies—Republican surgery aud Democratic
opiates—were discussed and contrasted in these
Halls, and almost everybody here came to the
conclusion that it was better to cure thau pal-
liate the disorder. The amendment was agreed
to four to one. Do the people neglect their
duty? No, sir; the amendment was sent out
to them and for three or four months redis-
cussed. They approved it, and in twenty-three
of the twenty-six States elected Legislatures
instructed to adopt it. Do these legislative
servants disobey instructions? No, sir; they
are now assembling, and State after State is
recording its verdict. Very soon these twenty-
three States, having a population in 1860 of
twenty-one million five hundred thousand, and
not less than twenty-seven millions now, will
send to a perfidious Secretary the official evi-
dence of the people's will. Delaware, three
counties large, Maryland, betrayed to the con-
federates by a servant less treacherous than
weak, and Kentucky, whose patriotism in the
great struggle hardly rose above a dissembling
neutrality, alone give a negative answer.
By the census of 1860 the entire population
of these three States, white and black, was only
1,955,000, and cannot much exceed those fig-
ures now. Who then stands in the way ? Not
the Democratic party; the amendment was be-
yond their reach when it passed Congress and
was indorsed by the people: not the President;
the Constitution withholds from him any au-
thority over the question of amendment. Who,
then, stands in the way ? One old man who is
charged by law with the duty of proclaiming the
adoption of the amendment, but who (the Chi-
cago defeat being still unavenged) has deter-
mined to incorporate into the Union the debris
of the late confederacy; to be in place of the
"irrepressible conflict" the breeder of present
broils and future rebellions—he stands in the
way. He has contrived a theory of estoppel.
The amendment, he tells us, is void without
confederate sanction. The will of the people of
twenty-three States, nay, the whole twenty-six
if they had been unanimous, must go for noth-
ing unless approved by a few million rebels scat-
tered through the confederate States. Having
set up his theory, he undertakes to procure from
these "misguided people"—never more mis-
guided than when led by him—an expression
of dissent. His machinations are likely to be
successful.
In 1861 the southern heart was fired by the
taunts and promises of northern Democrats.
"The election of Lincoln," they would say,
"is an assault upon your institutions and an
insult to the South." They promised in
case of trouble to take care of the abolition-
ists. There should be no coercion; but when
the trouble came they shrunk away from the
people they had thus prompted, perhaps unin-
tentionally, to resist. A good deal of half-
treasonable criticism on the action of the Gov-
ernment when deeply embarrassed and strug-
gling for life, a little secret encouragement and
silent sympathy for the foe, were the only
noticeable departures from a strict neutrality.
Their promise was broken. Let me warn
these confederates who have abandoned their
scheme of separation in good faith to beware
of their old advisers and their new leader.
Here, then, arises an intermediate question.
It is not whether confederate assets shall be
buried in the same grave with slavery as the
Republicans propose, nor whether they shall
be tenderly taken up and warmed into venom-
ous life in the bosom of the Union as the
Democrats propose; but whether this question
shall be determined by the States in the Union
or by the confederate States.
What then is the status of the ten confederate
States? Are they States or- Territories in the
Union? If States, they can control the other
twenty-six on a question of amendment; if not,
not. They must be one or the other. Some
suppose they strike intermediate ground by
calling them overthrown, disorganized, or sus-
pended States. But certainly a State over-
thrown or suspended is not at present an exist-
ing State, nor is a disorganized an organized
State. If they have no present existence as
States they are only at the most theoretic
States, which are no States; or prospective
States, which are Territories. They have cer-
tainly not been acting as States during the last
six years, and they are only claimed to be so
because no way for the severance of a State
from the Union is provided in the Constitution.
Once a State therefore always a State. If
they are States now they have been so for the-
last six years. Look at the consequences. By-
article one, section five of the Constitution, no
business can be done in the absence of a
quorum, and a quorum is there declared to be
a majority of all the members. Now, if the-
confederate States were also States in the
Union for the last six years this House con-
sisted of two hundred and forty-two members,
and no business could be constitutionally done
without the presence of one hundred and
twenty-two members. But for all this time
we have acted on the hypothesis that the House
was composed of only one hundred and eighty-
four members, deducting fifty-eight for the
rebel States and that ninety-three made a
quorum. The Senate has actcd on a similar
presumption, counting twenty-six instead of
thirty-seven as the constitutional quorum.
Probably more than half of our legislation has
been enacted, as will appear of record, when
either the House had less than one hundred
and twenty-two, or the Senate less than thirty-
seven members present. All this must there-
fore be unconstitutional and void.
Again, a presidential election occurred dur-
ing the war. If the confederate States had not
forfeited their privileges as States in the Union
they were entitled to cast eighty electoral votes.
These eighty votes might have decided the con-
test, and they might thus have chosen the Com-
mander-in-Chief of our Army and Navy to con-
duct the war against them; or by casting their
votes for Jefferson Davis they might have de-
feated an election by the people and thrown it
into this House. What then? We vote by
States, (article two, section seven,) and two
thirds of all the States must be represented. If
Kentucky and Missouri had joined the confed-
eracy as they attempted to do—and they actually
were represented in it during the entire war—
more than one third of the States would have
been absent, and the election of President would
have become impossible. The Senate would
have encountered the same difficulty in the elec-
tion of Vice President. To perform this duty
two thirds of all the Senators must be present.
That number could not be had in the case sup-
posed, and so we must go without executive
officers until the rebel States choose to relieve
us by sending representatives to aid in choos-
ing them for us.
Suppose, again, that pending the war it had
become absolutely necessary to amend the
Constitution, that all parties concurred in its
propriety, and the loyal States were unani-
mous upon the subject, it could not have been
done without the consent of the confederate
States. Though formed into a separate repub-
lic and conducting a war with this, not the
slightest change' in our fundamental law,
however necessary to our salvation, could be
had without their consent. And this state of
things would have continued as long as the
war continued, even if it were a quarter of a
century; worse than that, sir, in the light of
this theory they were States in the "Union until
released or expelled by an amendment of the
Constitution. Such an amendment required
the consent of all the States. No matter, then,
how the war should terminate or whether it
terminated at all, their power over us could
never be severed without their consent. Se-
ceding and fighting would not do, you say,
because these were unconstitutional acts. But
whipping us, I would suppose, would be quite
as unconstitutional as fighting. If they had
succeeded in the war aud maintained a sepa-
rate republic they could then have run their
own government and in part controlled ours
in spite of us. The absurdity of this hypoth-
esis proves the truth of the other. When a
State rebels and levies war against the Union,
it thereby forfeits its privileges as a State, and
ean only be restored by Congress.
Absurd as the other theory is, upon it the
Secretary of State has undertaken to bring
back to the Union the confederate population,
freighted with all the belligerent interest col-
lected bv four and a quarter years of nation-
ality and war. How? Not by convincing tha
