1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
on Claims which reported this resolution; it
is a gross imputation upon the House of Rep-
resentatives which has already agreed to this
resolution.
Ober, Nanson & Co. are merchants doing
business in the city of New York. So far as I
know they are fair and respectable men. If
they have ever committed any penitentiary of-
fense they have either paid the penalty or they
have been pardoned, for _ they are now doing
business. They have petitioned, as under the
Constitution of the United States they have a
right to petition the Congress of the United
States, to provide for paying them the amount
of certain compound-interest notes issued by
the Government, and which they undertook to
transmit to New Orleans through the mails,
and which were lost by the sinking of the ves-
sel on which the mails were sent.
The Senator from Iowa remarked aside last
night, as a justification for his motion, that they
ought to have got their property insured. If
the Senate would have waited a moment, would
havo listened to a word of explanation, they
would have ascertained that Ober, Nanson &
Co. did get their property insured. _ They
would have ascertained by a very slight inspec-
tion of the papers that they were informed at
the post office in New York that the New
Orleans mail for that day was to bo sent on
the steamer United States; and they would
have ascertained that a shipping gazette pub-
lished in that city also informed the public of
the same feet; and believing that the mails
wore to bo forwarded on that steamer they
procured a policy of insurance for those notes
upon that boat; but on the same day, and after
the insurance was obtained, and without notice
to these .shippers, the postmaster at Now York,
as ho had an undoubted right to do so, altered
his mind, and concluded to send the mails by
the steamer Republic. The steamer Eepublie
was lost; the mails were lost; all sunk at the
bottom of the ocean. Neither the boat nor
lh<> mails nor an individual upon the boat has
ever been recovered.
The testimony upon all these points seemed
to the committee clear and conclusive, and
the question submitted to the eommittec was
whether the Govornmontoughttomake $<50,000
out of that calamity or not. The numbers,
letters, mid dates of the notes are all given,
ideal ilied by the sworn testimony of a notary
public who made a minute transcript of the
whole with a view to obtain this very policy
of insurance which was obtained.
The resolution provides that the Government
may take security against all loss. There is no
possibility, therefore; of the Government los-
ing anything, unless it bo reckoned a loss for it
to pay its debts. If these notes had been issued
by the Senator from Iowa (ft any other Senator
on this floor and had been lost in the same
way, or if they had been issued by any banking
company in tho United States, they would have
been paid, either voluntarily by the individual
or the company, or they would have been paid
upon compulsory process issued by a court of
law; and they would havo been paid because
the law of the land enforces upon all com-
panies and individuals just such conduct in
just such contingencies. And I do not under-
stand why the law of the United States should
say that, the individual must pay his notes, even
though they are lost, and yet say tho Govern-
ment itself shall bo exempt from sueh pay-
ment, notwithstanding the notes are lost in its
own mails, forwarded by its own means of
transportation, selected to suit its own pleasure.
So the committee did not think they were
very dishonest in recommending this resolution
to the consideration of the Senate. I havo had
tho honor of a seat here for nearly six years ;
1 am not aware that I have over developed any
strong or irresistible tendency for plundering
the Treasury of the United States, and I sup-
posed I could move the Senate to the consid-
eration of a bill without engendering any alarm-
ing suspicions that the Treasury was about to
be plundorcd. i did not suppose a motion of
the kind submitted by me at the dictation of the
Committee on Claims was to be a signal_ for
scattering the Senate; and I have been obliged
to take this opportunity, the first that was
offered me by the rules of the Senate, to make
this explanation and to clear- my character
from this imputation. "Whether this explana-
tion will induce the Senate to further consider
the resolution this afternoon or not I cannot
say. Whether it will induce them to assent to
the passage of the resolution is not for me to
know. The Senate is under no constitutional
obligation to assent to a bill because it is recom-
mended by the Committee on Claims; but I
think there is a legal obligation resting on the
Senate to hear a bill which comes from that
committee or from any other committee when
they have nothing else to do, which was the case
last night. If the Committee on Claims has
established such a character for recommending
groundless claims upon the consideration of
the Senate as has led to this apprehension,
then it is the duty of the Senate to change the
committee, and that work ought to be done at
once. The Senate Irs no right to impose this
labor, which is not a pleasant one, upon any
of its members without paying to them the
respect, when they have made a recommenda-
tion, of hearing the grounds upon which the
recommendation has been made.
During this session I believe that committee
has not called upon the Senate to assent to
more than half a dozen claims out of over one
hundred and forty on our Calendar. We have
been obliged to turn away a great many suffer-
ing citizens of the United States whose claims
we would have been glad to recommend if we
felt we could do so in justice to tho Treasury,
not feeling that we were obliged to report
against tlicm; and I do not like to stand first
between the Treasury and those petitioners
before tho committee, who ask us to indorse
their claims, and when we do conclude to in-
dorse one have an individual Senator by a
motion to adjourn thrust himself between the
committee and the Treasury. While wc occupy
this position I think we have a right to ask at
the hands of the Senate the same consideration
that other committees do.
I said I did not think I had developed any
very strong tendency for plundering the Treas-
ury. I do not know when I brwe been con-
victed of any such attempt. I have voted against
a groat many measures that I thought very
unjust to tho Treasury. I voted, without saying
a word, against tho proposition to take League
Island under tho fostering care of the Govern-
ment of tho United States, and to embark the
national Treasury upon tho somewhat formida-
ble enterprise, as it seemed to me, of building
it up above the river into which it is sunk and
establishing a navy-yard there. I voted against
it. I did not say a word against it. The de-
bate I thought was ably conducted by others;
but I thought that a very dangerous demand to
make upon tho nation. I think so mainly in
view of two facts: first, that a board, consti-
tuted of some of the most distinguished naval
officers we have in the service, protested against
it; and I thought that was one reason why
Congress should hesitate to take it. Another
reason why I thought we ought to hesitate was
because it was proposed to submit the propri-
ety of taking this place to the vice-admiral
of the Navy, to a lieutenant-general of the
Army, and to another citizen of the United
States, and that proposition was rejected, re-
jected under the lead of the Senator from Iowa.
The Senate followed his lead, listened to his
advocacy, and against all this testimony con-
cluded to embark in that enterprise. I have
not the information which enables me to say
that it was not wise after all. But when a
Senator, against such testimony as this, em-
barked the country upon such an enterprise as
that, 1 think he can afford to sit in his seat a
few minutes to hear what can be said in favor
of paying those who claim to be public cred-
itors, and who, if I know anything about the
facts in this case or anything about the law of
the land, are the creditors of the Government
■ of the United States as much as the Senator
from Iowa is the creditor of any man whose
note he ever held in his life or holds now.
Mr. President, I have said what I have to
clear myself of the imputation thrown out last
night. I was obliged to take this opportunity
to say it. The Senate would accord me no
other opportunity to say it. I should be glad
to have the Senate consider and pass this joint
resolution now. I know that when I relinquish
the floor it will be at the option of any Senator
to move to postpone it and proceed with the
consideration of the measure which was taken
up in the morning hour. Perhaps the Senate
will feel bound to do so ; but when they thrust
such measures as this aside at a time when they
have nothing to do, I think they are bound to
give very conclusive reasons for proceeding to
the consideration of any other measure at the
expense of this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question before he takes his seat, whether
the Government securities for which this claim
is made were destroyed 1
Mr. HOWE. They were sunk in the bottom
of the ocean, in the United States mail locked
up in the steward's room of the steamer He-
public. Everything on the boat went down
and has been there ever since.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then there is no prob-
ability that they are in existence at all?
Mr. HOWE. No human possibility of their
being in existence. The postmaster swears
that nothing of the mails has been recovered.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as the lecture of the
Senator from Wisconsin is designed for .me, I
have simply to say this : upon the motion of
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane], last
evening was assigned for the consideration
of pension bills ; I came here with about a
dozen or at any rate not exceeding fifteen
other Senators, and sat until nine o'clock
transacting that kind of business. The Senator
from Wisconsin got one or two bills passed of
minor inportance, and then came this bill,
which I was satislied would be a contested one.
I have given not so much attention to the sub-
ject as the Senator from Wisconsin, but 1 have
always voted against paying claims of this sort;
and as I was going to call for the yeas and
nays I knew the bill must go over as a matter
of course. 1 thought that the best way was to
adjourn so that the whole question could come
up before the Senate when there should be a
quorum present, when we might have the ben-
efit of the report and the whole argument of
the Senator, together with the bill at the same
time. 1 therefore made the motion to adjourn.
As to the imputation that was thrown out, I
do not know where it was. I did not say any-
thing that I know of except simply to move an
adjournment, and I was surprised that a ma-
jority of those present, according to the de-
cision of the Chair, voted in favor of it. I
intended no reflection upon the Senator from
Wisconsin and I regret exceedingly that he
imagines that I did. I threw out noimputation
on him. On the ease as I understood it, and
as I have understood all these cases before, I
should have voted against him and should have
felt it my duty to call for the yeas and nays,
and that would have been the end of the case
for last night, and then we should havethe de-
bate split up into two different sessions in place
of having it all in one.
Mr. IIOWE. The Senator is correct in say-
ing that we had sat here listening to bills pre-
sented by the Committee on Pensions, with the
Senate constituted just as it was when the Sen-
ate agreed to proceed to the consideration of
this joint resolution. It is true the Senate had
also considered and passed one bill reported by
the Committee on Claims, which was to accord
a year's pay to a private soldier from New
Hampshire retained in the military service for
a year after ho had been in fact mustered out.
Then the Seuate agreed to take this joint reso-
lution under consideration. The joint resolu-
tion was read. The Senator from Iowa had
an undoubted right to move an adjournment.
If he had stated any such reasons for moving
the adjournment as he has now stated, I should
