1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
BW
vote to refer them both, with the proposed
amendments, to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, with the hope that something ap-
proaching nearer to my views may be devised.}
But in saying this I do not wish to be under-
stood as indicating a purpose to vote against
either of the bills as they are if the judgment
of the House should differ from mine in this
respect. I have learned in my short experience
here that in practical legislation it is the part of
wisdom to accept the attainable good, although
imperfect, rather than to strive in vain for the
supposed perfection which is unattainable. I
shall therefore vote for the proposition in that
shape in which it shall be finally presented for
our votes, unless encumbered with features such
as I have no right to suppose will be given to
it by the committee or the House. I take this
stand because I believe that the end proposed
will be in a good degree reached by embodying
the main propositions of either bill into a law.
That endj as 1 suppose, is to give the country
repose from the terrors of the anarchy which
now reigns in one section of it and the appre-
hension of financial ruin which paralyzes the
energies of the other. Believing that the enact-
ment of such a measure into a law, and its due
enforcement, will give such repose, I shall give
it my vote.
Sir, if history teaches any lesson with an un-
broken series of examples, it is that material-
prosperity and social progress arc only possi-
ble where life and person, and property are
secured by taws approaching at least toward
justice; and administered with some degree of
impartiality. It might, perhaps, be possible
to have all these in large measure, if men would
be so contented, without political liberty. But
unfortunately for the advocates of class legis-
tion the aspirations of all" men are toward
freedom ; and wherever this is not enjoyed the
relations between the rulers and the ruled be-
come those of irreconcilable antagonism. And
hence, ever-brewing revolutions are suppressed
by the bloody instrumentalities of despotism,
or despots are unseated by successful revolu-
tion. And, alas! too often anarchy lies be-
tween, making even despotism itself a relief
from the greater horrors of contending and un-
restrained factions. And the no longer con-
cealed thought that here and there finds ex-
pression indicates that there are those in the
country now who dream of a monarchy as an
escape from the rule of the.people, which they
esteem as the reign of the mob. But that
thought is insanity. Whatever else may come,
it will not be a king securely enthroned upon
the ruins ot this Republic.
But, sir, the country must have repose; it
will have freedom; not the quiet of despotism,
not the license of the,mob, but that peace
which comes from the full enjoyment of rational
liberty secured by the enforcement of impar-
tial law. This the people in their majesty
have decreed, and that decree will be executed;
and if accidental Presidents and fossilized
judges and whipped insurgents and pardoned
and unpardoned rebels and their sympathizers
throw themselves in the way, why, then, Mr.
Speaker—the decree will be executed never-
theless ; for the will of the people iu this
country is and will continue to be, in political
matters, omnipotent! Those who attempt to
thwart that will may be as brave as the bull
that fought the locomotive, but they partake
of his discretion likewise.
Sir, every interest, every section, and every
class of our people demand at our hands the
settlement of this question. Four million
freedmen, black although they be and degraded
by oppression, send up their mute appeal to
us for protection—an appeal which we may not
disregard. With a sublime trust in God and
the pledged faith of the nation in its day of
mortal peril they gave themselves to our cause
in every way in which they could aid us; and
with a patience and endurance without a par-
allel tbey have suffered and waited, and still
suffer and wait for the fulfillment of that prom-
ise and tha fruition of their hopes. By every
sentiment of honor, by every dictate of duty,
by every motive of self-interest, we are bound
to give them security in their lives, their per-
sons, and the fruits of their labors. It needs
no citation of evidence to show that no such
protection is now accorded to them. Left in
the power of those who formerly enslaved
them no one at all acquainted with human
nature had any right to look for results differ-
ing from those that come to us in every day's
report of wrong and outrage.
For generations the slaveholders, in abso-
lute disregard of every idea of right, lived in
luxurious idleness upon the unpaid toil of
these people. Not only revelling in the wealth
produced by the labor of the slaves, many used
them for viler purposes; and to gratify their
avarice or their ostentation, sent their own
dusky children to the auction-block and the
shambles. This state of things bred up another
class there such as can only exist in a slave-
cursed land—a class too-poor to own slaves,
too lazy to work, and too ignorant to compre-
hend their own utter degradation. Without
one redeeming quality they were more servile
to the master class than the slaves themselves,
having no other idea of liberty than to '1 kick a
nigger" with impunity, or of patriotism than
to curse the Union. Between these two classes
there were hundreds, and I have no doubt
thousands, who, in the midst of the surround-
ing pollutions, kept themselves free from the
prevailing vices of their section, and in whose
hearts burned unquenchably the fires of a true
patriotism and the sentiments of honor and
right. But they were either in the minority or
were overawed by the other classes, which, like
the upper and the nether millstones, ground
them as well as the negroes to powder.
To perpetuate their rule these slaveholders
and their stupid dupes struck with traitor's
arms at the nation's life ! I need not recite
the history of the rebellion. More than three
hundred thousand graves, sanctified by the
remains of martyred heroes, make up one
chapter! Fifty thousand empty sleeves and
bootless limbs another! The land filled with
widows aud orphaned children, and homes
draped in mourning, still another! And a
mountain of dpbt and burdensome taxation
continues the story 1 But, sir, while the rec-
ord is mainly written in blood aud can only
be read with melancholy reflections, there is,
thank God! one bright chaptcr—that which
chronicles the eternal overthrow of the whole
infernal system! And shall we blot out that
only fair chapter by permitting these same con-
quered traitors to seize again these millions of
freedmen and hurl them back to the condition
of slaves? How shall we answer at the bar
of God and the righteous opinion of the civil-
ized world if we suffer this great wrong ? No,
our duty to this wronged and patient people
demands at our hands the passage of some
measure of reconstruction.
And, sir, the .Union men of the South—and I
have said there are thousands of them there—
demand this action at our hands. Nobler and
truer men never lived than are the Union men
of the South; and living men never suffered
and endured as many of them did for their
fidelity to their country. They were fully en-
titled to the protection of the Government
they loved and to the extent of their ability
upheld. But the Government during all the
bloody years of the rebellion was unable to
give them that protection. The war has closed;
the Government lives, and these noble men,
ruined in fortune, are still its friends, but
hated, despised, and persecuted by the con-
quered traitors. Will that Government, dare
it, now in the day of its triumph and its power,
with ingratitude unexampled, with folly incon-
ceivable, refuse them that protection, and turn
them over, fettered and unarmed to the merci-
less vengenee of their unrelenting enemies?
Sir, for one I will never consent to so inexcus-
able a wrong. For the protection of the Union
men of the South, therefore, I will sustain in
some form this measure.
Again, sir, the true interests of the rebels
themselves, although in their madness they
will not see it, require the settlement of this
great question. So long as they retain the
slightest hope of defeating the will of the peo-
ple and again reveling in the spoils of their
victims it will be impossible to restore secu-
rity and prosperity to the South. Having
heretofore lived in idleness upon the labor of
the negroes, they will not resort to any honest
means of procuring a livelihood until their
last hope of further plundering them is blotted
out forever. The only source of national or
even . individual wealth and prosperity is the
products in some form of human labor. . But
the rebels will not labor so long as there is
any hope of making the negroes work for them.
And the negro is, at least, so far "a man and ,
a brother"—that he is not over-zealous to
work for nothing. The result is even now a
poverty approaching to absolute starvation for
both. And this state of things will not only
continue but must grow worse if the relations
between these classes are not definitely set-
tled. But let it be settled once for all that
these rebels shall not defy all law and outrage
every sentiment of justice with impunity and
they will be compelled either to resort to some
more honest calling where they are or remove
to some other section where they will be ab-
sorbed into a better population. As the true
friend of the rebels themselves, therefore, I
shall vote for this measure. In short, sir, the
interests of the whole people of the country
require this settlement.
As I have just said, national wealth and
prosperity depend upon labor. Agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce—the production
of the raw material, its conversion into fabrics,
and their interchange—constitute the wealth of
the world ; and they all depend upon labor.
Where labor is best respected, encouraged,
protected, and aided by machinery, there will
be the largest measure of national wealth,
prosperity, and progress. But here we have a
state of things that utterly paralyzes the ener-
gies and prostrates the labor of a population of
twelve millions, and excludes the use of ma-
chinery that would make them equal, in the
production of wealth, to one hundred millions.
The consequence is, that outside of the dis-
turbed districts every class of the people are
affected injuriously in their business. But the
people of the loyal States are not only injured
in their business, but they are also seriously
affected by the onerous burden of taxation
imposed upon them in consequence. The
credit of the nation must be sustained; the
interest on the public debt must be paid; the
expenses of the Government must be pro-
vided ; and all this must be done by the levy
and collection of taxes in some form ; but these
taxes at last are but a per cent, upon the
products of the labor of the country. While,
then, the condition of the South remains such
that the labor of her people—one third of the
whole population of the country—is unpro-
ductive, the whole burden of taxation is neces-
sarily thrown upon the labor of the other two
thirds. I have not lime to exhibit the various
forms in which the loyal States are interested
in this settlement. Suffice it to say that we
shall have failed most signally in the perform-
ance of our duty if we do not "exhaust the
resources of statesmanship" in securing a
speedy and permanent settlement. In the
hope that it may be so reached I shall vote for V.
this measure.
But, sir, if I am asked if I expect the rebels
in the South to accept the provisions of this or
whatever measure we may adopt and to become
reconciled to the new era which it proposes to
inaugurate, if, in short, they will cordially fra-
ternize with loyal men, I very frankly answer
that I do not. I never expect them to be any
less the enemies of loyal men than they are
now. Nor do I expect them ever to cease
plotting against the Union and fraternizing with
its enemies wherever found. I have not stud-
i ied human nature so imperfectly as to hope for
