1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
not have felt that I was reflected upon or that
the committee was reflected upon ; but he
offered no reason whatever to the Senate for
moving ail adjournment. He said by a side
remark that he did not intend the Senate to sit
here and hear such cases. I thought I knew
as much what the case was as he could know,
and I thought he had no right to impute to me
a purpose of calling the attention of the Senate
-to cases that were not fit to be heard.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator chooses to
drag in before the face of the Senate and the
country any side remarks he may have acci-
dentally heard me make to another Senator,
it is a matter of taste. He ha? a right to in-
dulge in that if he chooses. He has a right
furthermore to indulge in criticisms as to my
vote and my course on the League IslancPques-
tion if he chooses. He has a right to take
offense at my exercise of my constitutional
privilege to move an adjournment when I do
not think the Senate as constituted at the mo-
ment is prepared for the consideration of a
question involving such issues as I thought
were involved in this case, as to whether we
shall pay a large sum of money for Treasury
notes lost, a question that involves a great
many issues, I think, and a large amount of
money. Certainly, as I said before, I had no
reason to apprehend that the Senator was in-
fluenced by any improper considerations, or
that his committee had made a report which
they believed to be wrong. I differed with
them as to the principle upon which the reso-
lution was predicated, and I did not think the
Senatfe was prepared to consider it: and for
that reason simply I made a motion to adjourn.
I have nothing further to say, except that un-
der similar circumstances I should do the same
thing again.
Mr. HOWE. One further word. TheSenator
complains of my taking notice of a side remark.
When a gentleman makes a remark which is a
reflection upon my public or private course I do
not feel under any constitutional obligation to
wait for him to repeat it on the floor of the
Seriate. If he makes it in my hearing I do not
think I am called upon to stop up my ears so
as not to hear it. All I know about it is the
remark was made, made as an interpretation
of his motion and as a statement of the reasons
upon which he based his motion. I could not
help hearing it; I could not help feeling it; I
am very sorry—no, I am glad to say, I could
not help resenting it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I find that this matter is
to lead to discussion. I move, therefore, to
postpone this joint resolution and all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 1143.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the question on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to take
up his joint resolution? *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon to postpone the present and all prior
orders, the present order being joint resolu-
tion No. 173, for the relief of Ober, Nanson
& Co., merchants of New York,'and proceed
to the consideration of the bill on which the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] was
upon the floor at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would very reluct-
antly interrupt the Senator from Nevada in
liis argument, becanse it is disagreeable thus
to be interrupted of course; but as this joint
resolution was the order of business at one
o'clock, and as I suppose the discussion of it
is substantially through, it seems to me we
might as well dispose of it. If I understand
the resolution I shall give it my support, and
do that upon a principle that I think was
established by the Committee on Claims when
I had the honor of being a member of that
committee. It is this: that when Government
securities are destroyed by any accident, and
they cannot come up in any form against the
Government, it is right for the Government
to issue new securities to the party who shall
prove that he was the owner of the lost or
destroyed instruments. I supported that then,
and will support this measure now, on the
well-known principle that a man is not dis-
charged from his obligation simply because it
is lost or destroyed, and I think the same
principle applies well to a Government. If
an individual be sued upon his promissory
note or bill of exchange, or an insurance com-
pany upon its policy, and the averment in the
declaration be that the instrument sued upon
is lost, and that be proved, of course there is a
recovery. The loss of the instrument does not
destroy it, at any rate in the absence of any
connivance on the part of the owner in its loss
or destruction I think we might as well dis-
pose of the joint resolution as it will take but
very little time.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from
Oregon to withdraw the motion to postpone,
and let us take a vote on the measure now
"bsforG us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will be debated
necessarily.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend it will not be
debated. It is a measure that comes from a
committee after having been thoroughly ex-
amined, in regard to which there cannot be
much doubt; and since it has been made a
question of here, I hope we shall vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is nothing but a
private claim.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is nothing but a pri-
vate claim, there is now involved in it the con-
sideration of whether the chairman of one of
the standing committees of the Senate, after
his committee has fully investigated a question,
shall have the ear and attention of the Senate
for a few minutes or not; and I hope, in that
view of the case, we shall come to a vote on it.
I hope the Senator from Oregon will with-
draw his motion for that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am satisfied that this
bill cannot pass the Senate without discussion.
If it could, if the Senate would at once proceed
to take a vote upon it, I perhaps should be
willing to give way.
Mr. CONNESS. Withdraw your motion
and let us see.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot consent to with-
draw the motion I have made. I am on the
Committee on Claims, and should be glad to
see the joint resolution passed; but under the
circumstances I must insis upon my motion.
The Senate can vote it down if they see proper.
Mr. ANTHONY. Owing to this misunder-
standing, I think we ought to give the Senator
from Wisconsin an opportunity to have a vote
on his resolution. If, in the course of half an
hour the discussion goes on, I will then vote
with the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
there were—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Brown, Chandler, Creswell, Fessen-
den, Foster. Grimes, Henderson, Howard, ivirkwood,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness, Cowan, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg,
i'owler, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith,
Patterson. Ross, Saulsbury, and Van Winkle—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Edmunds. Guthrie, Lane, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland, Riddle, Stewart, and Willey—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 173) for the relief of
Ober, Nanson k Co., merchants of New York,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
report in this case read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted to the House of Representatives from
the Committee of Claims of that body by Mr.
W. B. "Washburn.
The Committee of Claims, to whom were referred
the petition and papers of Robert H. Ober, of New
York eitv, submit the following report:
The petitioner claims to be a citizen of the United
States, a, resident of the city of New York, and a
member of the commercial firm doing business- in
said city under the firm name of Ober, Nanson &
Co., ana in the city of New Orleans under the firm
name of Ober, Atwater & Co.; that on the 18th of
October, I860, Ober, Nanson & Co. had occasion to
remit $60,000 to their house in New Orleans to make
payment for cotton purchased there. In order to *
make said remittance, the petitioner drew from the
National Sank of the Republic in the city of New
York $60,000 in compound-interest notes of the
United States of the denomination of fifty dollars
each, as follows: $5,000 letter D, Nos. 272801 to
272900 inclusive} $5,000letter A, Nos. 270201 to 276300
inclusive: $5,000 letter C, Nos. 270801 to 270900 inclu-
sive; $5,000, letter A, Nos. 268601 to 268700 inclusive;
$5,000, letter C, Nos. 268601 to 268700 inclusive: $5,0u0,
letter C, Nos. 268301 to 268400 inclusive; $5,000, letter
G. Nos. 275501 to 275600 inclusive; $5,000 letter D,
Nos. 270501 to 270600 inclusive; $5,000, letter C, Nos.
275301 to 275400 inclusive; $5,000, letter D, Nos. 276201
to 276300 inclusive; $5,000, letter A, Nos. 275601 to
275700inclusive; $5,000, letter A, Nos.275901 to 276000
inclusive; and placed the said notes in the hands of
James W.Hale, notary public of the city of New
York, who sealed up the same in a package with his
official seal, which package was addressed to "Ober,
Atwater & Co., New Orleans, Louisiana," and was
delivered to the postmaster of New York, and duly
registered and receipted for by that officer, to be dis-
patched in the United States mail to its destination;
that the mails containing said package were dis-
patched by the steamer Republic, which was lost at
sea at a point 140 miles east of Savannah, Georgia,
on the 25th of October following, as appears by the
affidavits of Edward Young, Sarsfield E. Young, and
William H. 0. Moorhouse, captain, mate, and purser
of the said steamship, respectively. No part of the
mails were saved, nor have .any part thereof been
since recovered, so far as is known to thepostmaster
of New York, as appears by his certificate in writing,
dated the 11th of January last.
The following is an analysis of the evidence:
James W. Hale, notary public, 54 Wall street, New
York, certifies, under his official seal, that on the 13th
of October, 1865, he placed in a parcel, sealed with his
official seal, $60,000 in fifty-dollar United States com-
pound-interest notes, all dated September 1, 1865,
which was directed to "Ober, Atwater & Co,, New
Orleans, Louisiana." This certificate describes the
notes by letters and numbers corresponding with the
description in the petition. Thepetitioner's affidavit,
sworn to before T. E. Stillman, notary public, New
York city, asserts that he is a member of the com-
mercial firm of Ober, Nanson & Co., of New York,
and of Ober, Atwater & Co., New Orleans; that on
the 18th day of October, 1865, the New York desired
to remit to the New Orleans house $60,000, to pay for
cotton purchased there; that he drew from the
"National Bank of the Republic" in New York city
160,000 in compound-interest notes of the United
States, each dated September 1, 1865, and each note
of the denomination of titty dollars and of the num-
bers designated in the certificate of James W. Haie,
notary public; that, he caused said notes to be placed
in a parcel by said notary public, sealed with his
official seal, which was then directed to Ober, Atwater
& Co., New Orleans, and was by him delivered at and
deposited in the New York post office, to be carried
in the United States mails to New Orleans; that the
said parcel was duly registered" at the post office; that
the said mail containing said letter was dispatched
by the steamer Republic, which was lost at sea Octo-
ber 25,1865. The receipt attached to his affidavit is
tho original receipt of the New York postmaster for
said letter, and that the certificate thereto attached
is the certificate of said postmaster as to the registry
of said letter, the dispatch of the mail containing
said letter, and the loss and non-delivery thereof.
The receipt referred to in the foregoing affidavit is
as follows:
No. 1889—Registered letter.
Post Offick, New Yobk, October 18,1865.
Received of Ober, Nanson & Co., a letter addressed
to Ober, Atwater & Co., New Orleans, Louisiana.
(To which is printed the name of)
JAMES KELLEY, Postmaster.
The certificate referred to in Mr. Ober's affidavit is
dated at the post office, New York, January 11,1S66,
signed by James Keliey, postmaster, andcertifies that
a letter directed to Ober, Atwater & Co., New Orleans,
Louisiana, was received in this office October 18, I860,
from Messrs. Ober, Nanson & Co., was registered and
dispatched in the mail forwarded the same day per
steamer Republic, which was lost at sea, no part of
the mail, so far as he knew, ever having been recov-
ered.
Affidavits of E. Young, master and commander of
thesteamship Republic; ol Sarsfield E. Young, chief
officer or mate, and of William H. O. Moorhouse,
purser of the same, taken betore notaries public,
establish thefollowingtacts: that said vessel "sailed
from New York for New Orleans on the 10th of Oc-
tober, 1865, having onboard the United States mails;
that on the 24th of October, 1865, during a severe gale
of wind, the vessel sprung a leak, which continued
to gain upon her until about four o'clock p.m. of tho
day following, when she went down at a point about
one hundred and forty miles east of Savannah, Geor-
gia, and nothing was saved on board the ship except
the lives of the passengers, who were taken off in the
vessel's boats and upon a raft made for that purpose :
thatthe mails remained on board the vessel locked
up between decks against the bulkhead ol the ladies
cabin, and at the time the vessel went aown were
lost with their contents in the sea.
The affidavits of Walter Keliey and James \ oung,
of the city of New York, and clerks m tne post office
having charge of registered letters, establish clearly
that said package directed to Ober, Nanson & Co.
