1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
posed to do a thing so fearful in some respects
as we do now who was so mild in the manner
of it. No man ever " cut a throat'! with half
the mildness we propose to do this. Sir, this
bill is a modification of the action of this Gov-
ernment in these States for the last six years,
and I thank Heaven that we have come to the
time at last when we can modify our action.
W hat have we been doing? We have held these
twelve million people at the absolute control
of the military, have we not—life, property,
estate, reputation, everything in our grasp? By
the exercise of this power we have subdued
them and conquered them, reduced them as
"insurrectionary States," put down civil war
and rebellion. We no longer levy armies; we
no longer plan campaigns into that country; we
now propose to interpose the military rule in a
subdued form to preserve order throughout a
country where there is no civil authority. That
is all. Does that honorable Senator need be
told that there is no civil authority in all that
country? Does not the world know that there
is no such thing as civil rule, no courts of jus-
tice, no administration of law there, and has
not been of late? Well, sir, how then do you
propose to restore order, to preserve order, to
maintain the public peace, to protect individ-
ual rights, except by the interposition of the
military authority?
Mr. COWAN. I should like to call the
honorable Senator's attention to that part of
the bill which declares that—
It shall be the duty of each officer assigned as afore-
said to protect all persons ill their rights of person
ana property.
How are they to do it? Are they to try an
indictment for an assault and battery, or an
ejectment for ths title to a tract of land, or an
action of trover for personal property?
Mr. MORRILL. I was addressing myself
particularly to my friend from Nevada; if I
have occasion to speak upon the details of this
bill, I will by-and-by answer my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania. But it is the appre-
hension of the exercise of military power of
which I was speaking; and I undertake to state
as a proposition that this bill modifies the action
of the military authority which has been exer-
cised since the war began; and it proposes to
furnish a rule, a military rule, as an article of
war, if you please, to the commander in that
region of country where now they are without
any except such as arise from the general Arti-
cles of War. Now, let me say to the honorable
Senator that when he talks about the appre-
hension of being accustomed to military author-
ity, and that here is an imposition of military
governments, he is mistaken. It is no such
thing. It is simply in the nature of an article
of war or a rule for the government of the
Army in a conquered country, and that is all
it is. Sir, by the triumph of our arms we have
overthrown rebellion and civil war. These civil
and political communities, recently in insur-
rection and war are subdued and at our feet.
I assume that there are no civil tribunals there,
no State governments which we are bound to
respect, or which it is safe for us to respect and
trust. What, then, is to be done ? We are to
restore those communities, of course; when?
As soon as it is practicable to do it. In the
meantime it is the duty of Congress to define
by law what the military authorities in that
region of country shall be bound to do, and
that is, by this proposition, to keep order, pre-
serve order in these insurrectionary States,
protect the persons and the property of the peo-
ple, and that is all.
Now, allow me to remind my honorable friend
from Nevada that since these insurrectionary
States were subdued and overthrown the mil-
itary power in that region of the country has
been absolute, and we have sat here since 18G5
and witnessed the military acts of the President
of the United States unlimited and absolute
over the whole country. We have seen him set
aside States and State constitutions and State
laws and State institutions and govern that en-
tire country by his absolute military authority.
Nobody denies that. I do not stand here to
complain of it. I think when the war was
ended, the insurrection was overthrown, and
these States were subdued; it was the duty of
the President of the United States without at-
tempting to organize State governments to pre-
serve order, and it becomes necessary now to
interpose the legislative authority in that direc-
tion because he does not preserve order. Does
notthe honorable Senator from Nevadaunder-
standthat? Does he not understand that it is
because the President of the United States,
when by the power of our arms this rebellion
was overthrown, neglected to preserve orde^ by
military authority, and give protection to per-
sons and property, and because he neglected to
do that, and turned his attention to tho recon-
struction of States without authority, that the
Congress of the United States to-day is called
upon to direct the Army of the United States in
all those military districts in the way of a mili-
tary rule, what shall be done for the protection
of person and for the protection of property.
So much, then, for the question of military
rule. Instead of its being military rule in the
sense of Government, as the honorable Sena-
tor seems to apprehend, permanent, unlimited,
unqualified, and despotic, it is military rule in
a limited, mitigated form, applicable only to
the extraordinary state of affairs in that region
of country, and in the very nature of things
temporary.
But the honorable Senator says he wants
this amendment as an apology for what we are
doing. Well, sir, I may persuade myself to
vote for tho amendment. If it will help the
honorable Senator to vote for the bill, very
well; so much the better; but that the amend-
ment in any form modifies the question of mil-
itai-y power nobody will contend. No lawyer
on this floor, and no Senator who has exam-
ined the measure, will pretend that the amend-
ment modifies the severity of the power of
which the Senator complains; it only discloses
the fact that the Congress of the United States,
while it extends this military rule over these
States, accompanies it with a statement of the
conditions on which the rule may be abated;
that is all; and to that extent I welcome it,
and may not be unwilling to vote for it, but it
has no reference whatever to the extent or
limitation of military power provided for in
the bill.
But, sir, if the honorable Senator had been
desirous of ascertaining reasons or of finding
an apology for the exercise of this military
authority which we undertake to assert, he
would have found them in the preamble to the
bill itself. What is the reason assigned for the
assertion at tho present time of this military
power ? It is set forth in the preamble in con-
cise terms:
Whereas—
the governments of certain States which are
named—•
were set up without the authority of Congress and
without the sanction of the people; and whereas
said protended governments afforded no adequate
protection for life or property, but countenance and
encourage lawlessless and crime.
Here you have the reason why the Congress
of the United States proposes to authorize the
interference of military power in these States.
Sir, need any one stand here to-day to re-
mind the Senate of the United States that
since the surrender of the confederate armies
there has been no civil authority in that coun-
try ? Have we not over and over again de-
clared that all that has been done there in the
reconstruction of States has been ausurpation?
Does not the honorable Senator from Nevada
know that there is no protection of person or
property in all that region of country? Has
he not been advertised of the innumerable
murders, cruelties, and oppressions of all sorts
to the loyal people of that country? Are not
we, all of us, persuaded of that? Have we
not been told by constituted committees of this
body and of the other branch of the national
Congress that there is no such thing as order
or peace in all that region of country, no such
thing as personal security, no such thing as
security to property? Do we not know that
to-day, under these sham governments, the
state of things is that of misrule in all that
region of country? Do we not know to-day
that the President of the United States, having
set up these sham governments and feeling
bound by them, does not propose to execute
the laws which the Congress of the United
States has passed? Does not the honorable
Senator from Nevada know that the civil rights
bill enacted here to open the courts of justice
to the oppressed people is a dead letter through-
out the South? And yet the honorable Sen-
ator rises here and undertakes to alarm this
body upon the idea that we are about to assume
the exercise of military power. Sir, we are
about to assume an authority under the Con-
stitution to preserve order in that region of
country which we have declared insurrection-
ary, in that region of country which we know
to be in a state of disorder, in which we know
that the loyal men have no security either of
person or property.
I say to the honorable Senator from Nevada
that he should be—I fear he will have occasion
to be—vastly more solicitous for an apology for
not passing this bill than for reasons to justify
himself in doing so. Sir, if there ever was a
measure demanded of a legislative tribunal, this
is the one. It is the first measure on the part
of the American Congress since the rebellion
closed by which it has said to the loyal people
in that region of the country, "We come to you
now with protection ; we have overthrown the
rebellion; we know the animus of those who
were in arms against the Government of the
U nited States toward the loyal population of this
region of the country, and we come to stand by
you for your protection and security.'' This,
I think, it is our bounden duty to do ; and
then, as to the rest, protection and reconstruc-
tion are intimately connected. I agree that
you cannot do them both at one and the same
time. That is impracticable. We can give
protection, and we ought to give protection ;
and if we delay protection when we can give it
we are culpable, and the American people I
believe will hold us so.
Therefore, Mr. President, I am for this
measure either with or without amendment.
I am for it as a great measure of protection to
a people downtrodden and oppressed as few
people in any age or country ever have been,
and I am for it at the earliest practicable
moment. The amendment very properly
shadows forth the terms and conditions upon
which these people may reorganize State gov-
ernments. It is perfectly easy for me to accept
it if it is any relief to any gentleman. If any-
body desires that I should express as much as
that, I am perfectly willing, and to express
it in this bill. If we should pass this bill with-
out the amendment, I do not suppose it will
be likely to be misapprehended by the Ameri-
can people. I do not suppose, as the honor-
able Senator seems to apprehend, that if we
pass this bill as a measure of protection to-day
the people would fear that we intended to
make this military rule permanent. I am sure
nothing has gone from the American Congress
which authorizes any such inference or justifies
any such presumption. No one can fail to see
the difficulty of instant protection and recon-
struction ; that this is an advance measure : a
measure demanded by the times; a measure
quite too long postponed, in my judgment.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morkill,] although he approves of this
amendment, has seen fit to read me a severe
lecture because I do not desire military rule as
an end, but as a means, because I have no par-
ticular love for military despotism, because,
while I acknowledge the necessity of it, I do not
love it. Now 1 do recognize the fact that the
civil rights bill has been trampled upon, that
human rights are trampled upon in the South,
that loyal men are not protected, and but for
those facts I could not vote for this bill at all.
It is the existence of these facts that makes me
vote for a'bill of this extraordinary character,
a bill that places the life of a citizen in the
