1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enfranchise; and therefore the greater neces-
sity for passing the bill now before as.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection to
the correction of theformer lawinboth the par-
ticulars which have been mentioned; and if the
amendment proposed by the committee was
confined to the correction of those points I
should interpose no single word by way of de-
bate. The' Senator from California objects to
the particular phraseology employed in the
former law. Well, sir, I would be as little dis-
posed as he is to leave the privilege of voting
to the mere discretion of the officers of registry.
It ought to be a fixed right; their duties ought
to be defined; and a provision making the lan-
guage of the law express in that particular
point would not only not be open to objection,
but would be highly appropriate.
In regard to the other point, the question of
time suggested by the chairman, who says, if
I understand him, that under a possible con-
struction of the former law this registry may
not be made in time for the election of the
present year, and consequently that the law
may be postponed in its practical application
for the period of two years, of course there is
no objection to the correction of that feature,
also-, of the existing statute, and to saying that
this'registry shall be made in such time that it
can take effect and go into operation at the
next ensuing election in the city of George-
town.
But, sir, the reasoning which we have had
frcim the two members who have spoken indi-
cates an amendment confined to those two
points, whereas my objection to the amend-
men^before the Senate was directed to quite a
different point, to wit: the creation of five
unnecessary officers in the city of Washington
and three unnecessary officers in the city of
Georgetown. I think that there has beep no
reason shown for this multiplication of local
offices. In the former law these duties of reg-
istry were charged upon the mayt>r and coun-
cils of the respective cities, persons already
in office, and it charged them with an appro-
priate duty, one that they are competent to
discharge. They are more competent perhaps
than any other persons, and they come also
from the people ; and in this respect our legis-
lation w-ould^ be analogous to the legislation
which takes place in the States. If the chair-
man of the committee desires the correction
of the former law in the two points to which
he has .referred, he will have my hearty con-
currence ; but so long as his amendment ex-
tends to the point upon which I have spoken,
the creation of unnecessary offices without any
reason in the world shown for it, I must vote
against it.
Mr. MORRILL. My friend is quite at fault
about his facts. These are never duties de-
volved on the mayor and aldermen except by
the law to which this bill is amendatory.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will allow
me to explain. What I mean is that duties of
this description, duties of assessment and of
making out a registry of voters, in the States
are charged upon officers selected by the peo-
ple and responsible to them. That is what I
mean.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is so, ordi-
narily ; but the reason why I think this duty
ought not to be imposed perhaps upon the
mayors and aldermen in these cities is that
they are unaccustomed to anything of the kind,
and it may be onerous upon them, and beside I
think it would be distasteful to them. Those
two reasons put together lead me to suppose
that it would be more agreeable, perhaps, to
the authorities that it might be devolved on
these other parties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have an objection to
this amendment not suggested by my friend
from Pennsylvania. It is that these officers
are to be appointed by a court, although they
in no way have any connection with the court
itself. This is the first bill in which it is pro-
posed, I believe, to confer the appointment of
a political officer upon a court. I shall regret
to see it done. Ihis court, in the discharge
of its official duties, has no connection with
duties of this sort, and is not necessarily brought
in eon tact with the people so as to qualify" it
specially for the appointment of a board such
as is provided for in this amendment.
The firSt and second sections of this bill are
unobjectionable to me, if the matter is not
already provided for, except that I think the
punishment prescribed is too severe. I think
you will fail to execute a law with a penalty so
severe as this. I think in our western States,
at least, the punishment for illegal voting is
not so severe, and even then it is somewhat
difficult to execute the law. By this bill the
punishment of necessity must be imprison-
ment for not less than two months. I regard
the offense of illegal voting as a very grave
one; but I think it will be found impossible to
execute so severe a law as this against that
particular offense. ■ I suggest, therefore, to
the chairman that he had better leave it in the
discretion of the court to impose a fine or to
add imprisonment at its discretion. It often
occurs that persons of very weak mind and
having little consideration of these subjects
are induced to cast a vote by the act of others,
and juries are not willing to impose such a
severe punishment in all cases. There may
be cases in which the punishment of imprison-
ment ought to be imposed ; but in many cases
I think it will be found impossible to get juries
to execute so severe a law. I suggest to the
gentleman having this bill in charge to punish
illegal voting by fine, to which the court in its
discretion may add imprisonment. I believe
that in the code of the District of Columbia
the punishment is decided by the court and not
by the jury. In the State in which I live the
punishment is always decided upon by the
jury. I think it would be better to provide in
these two sections a fine not exceeding $1,000,
to which the court may add imprisonment not
exceeding six months.
I am opposed to the third section for the
reasons suggested by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and the further reason that it gives
to the court the appointment of officers not of
the court itself. I think we ought to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays are demanded on the question of
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 9; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Erelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Howe, Lane, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Stewart. Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Hcndricks,
Johnson, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Saulsbury,
and Willev—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Creswell Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard,
Kirkwood, McDougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Eiddle, Ross, Sprague, and Van Winkle—18.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time,
and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all prior
orders be postponed, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. POLAND. I should be very glad to
proceed with the bankrupt bill, which was under'
consideration on Saturday, but I do not desire
to antagonize that against the consideration of
the bill which my friend from Maine has in
charge. The tariff bill, perhaps, is_ regarded
by my constituents as far the more important
measure of the two. I will not, therefore, at-
tempt to keep it in the way of the consideration
of the tariff bill, and I consent that the bank-
rupt bill may be laid aside informally for the
purpose of allowing the tariff bill to be taken
up and proceeded with, which will obviate the
necessity of any motion to lay it aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to make
any motion that will effect the gentleman's
object if there is any that I can make. -The
bankrupt bill can be laid aside informally, I
suppose, and we can proceed with the tariff
bill. I move that that bill be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The upfin-
ished business of Saturday is the bankrupt bill,
and the morning hour having expired that bill
is legitimately before the Senate. Tie Senator
from Maine moves to postpone that and all
prior orders and to proceed to the considera-
tion of the tariff bill. The Senator from Ver-
mont suggests that the bankrupt bill be laid
aside informally.by common consent, and that
the tariff bill come up for discussion. That
course will be pursued if there be no objection,
and the bankrupt bill by common consent will
be laid aside, and the tariff bill will be consid-
ered as the bill before the Senate.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WADE. Before the bill of the Senator
from Maine is proceeded with I desire, with
his consent, to offer a resolution of inquiry
I'emlved, That the Secretary of the Interior fee,
and he ishereby, directed to transmit copies of all re-
ports, written or printed, which may be in his posses-
sion regarding the investigation made by a commit-
tee of the Senate, in the year 1865, into the condition
of Indian affairs in the western States and Territories.
Mr. NESMITH. As the chairman of the
committee alluded to is not present it is per-
haps proper that I should make an explana-
tion in relation to the subject. The committee
were sent out in 1865 for the purpose of mak-
ing an investigation into the condition of Indian
affairs, and of course, being assigned to duty
in all the Territories and States where Indians
could be found, their labors extended oyer a
vast.extent of country. The Presiding Officer
of the Senate, having been a member of that
committee, is cognizant of some of the embar-
rassments under which the committee labored.
They have collected all the testimony taken
and the various sub-reports and have them
printed, now ready for distribution; and it is a
matter of which the Secretary of the Interior
has not a particle of control, this committee
being authorized to make their report direct to
Congress. The testimony and sub-reports are
printed and have been for six or eight months;
but the final report has not yet been made up
by the committee, and they have deemed it
proper to withhold the other reports until they
could make up the final report of their iavesti-
gations.
I see in a paper which has been sent to me a
statement that these reports and the testimony
have been suppressed by the committee for
some improper reason. I beg leave to say to
the Senate that no such reason actuated the
committee. The report has not been submitted
because we have not yet had time during this
session to get together to complete the final
report. The statement which has appeared in
the papers that the report is lying at the print-
ing office and is intended to be suppressed by
the committee is entirely untrue. There is no
foundation for any such statement; and without
the passage of this resolution the report will
be submitted to Congress in a few days, as soon
as we have time to complete the examination
of the papers and make up the final report.
Mr. WADE. That is satisfactory to me, I
was only anxious to sec the report because it
is a matter of a good deal of interest. The
resolution may lie on the table for thepresent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over.
Mr. WADE. I have another resolution to
offer:
liesohed. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate a copy of
the report of Major General A. D. McCook, concern-
ing the ChiYington or Sand Creek massacre, and other
matters concerning the condition of Indian affairs
upon which General McCook may have reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to amend
that by adding to it 
Mr, FESSENDEN. I think I must insist
upon going on with the tariff bill, as theie is
evidently going to be discussion on the resoUi-
tion; let it lie over.
Mr, WADE. I supposed there would be no
objection to it.
