1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
hands of a- military man. If he is a good man,
that life may be safe. If he is a drunken man,
if he is a passionate man, if he is a wicked man,
that life is in danger. But, sir, this measure
grows out of the necessity of the ease, and I
resort to itbecause I cannot do anything else.
The reason why I am willing to use it tempo-
rarily is because we cannot enforce the civil
rights bill, and because we cannot protect our
citizens there. I justify it on that ground.
The Senator says I want an apology to vote
for placing the life and liberty of citizens in
the hands of military men, I want an apology
for voting for military commissions, I waat an
apology for violating the republican principle
and giving all power to one man. Yes, sir, I
do want an apology for it. I want a reason
for it. I want a reason of necessity which no
man can gainsay before I vote to place any
man at the mercy of another. If I did not want
an apology and a reason for such action I
should be false to truth, false to honesty, false
to justice, false to republican institutions. I
must have a reason, and a cogent reason. I
believe that reason exists. I must vote for the
bill, provided in doing so I am not to destroy
republican institutions altogether; but when
you pass this bill, I care not what there is
in the preamble, although you may desire to
modify it, it is by no means sure that you
will have the power to do so. Although you
may think it will be temporary, you have no
declaration that it shall be temporary. We
are already told that the other House will not
pass it if we put a limitation on this military
rule.
The Senator from Maine says he is accus-
tomed to military rule and does not fear it. I
hope that ho nor his posterity may never feel
it. I hope it may never fall upon his gallant
State. 1 hope it may never fall upon any State
in this Union now here represented. I hope
the cup may soon be taken away from the peo-
ple of tlio rebellious States. I regret as much
as any man that I must place this cup to their
mouths; and while I do it, I will not trust my-
self lest I should not relinquish the power
when they have complied with all that is writ-
ten in the bond. If to-day the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United
States, while exercising this high and import-
ant nrerogative of placing the life and liberty
of all the citizens in a given Stato under one
man, are unwilling to place a limit on that
power, if the leaders of that House have been
driven to unite with Democrats to force this
bill through in its present form, if they will
take nothing but this and this unlimited, if
they will make the military an end and not a
means of securing liberty, if such be the tem-
per of the House it is time that an appeal is
sounded for liberty, if they are so greedy of
power that they are not willing to say Thus far
will we go and no farther," it is time that some-
body should come forward and demand an
apology for all this.
I should blush to vote for this bill if the rea-
son of my act. was not recorded with the act. I
am glad, and T congratulate the Senator from
Maine that ho is willing to vote for this amend-
ment. I believe the Senate will adopt it. I
believe the Senate is not disposed to use
unnecessarily arbitrary power. I believe the
Senate is desirous of placing limitations upon
any necessary exercise of power in (he south-
ern States. If when you pass this bill with
this limitation it shall be found that the limit-
ation is wrong, you can repeal the limitation ;
but pass the bill without limitation, placing
all these people under the control of mili-
tary power, and do you not believe you can
get a report from every military man in the
South who is sent there to control the people
that it is necessary to continue that stato of
things? When they get power do you not
believe they will report in favor of continuing
that power? Do you think it absolutely cer-
tain that yo.u can pass a law repealing it? I
fear it. I am not attempting to alarm the
Senate; but let me say this is no ordinary
bill. It is erecting tribunals unknown to the
Constitution, and which can only be justified
by war. It erects tribunals by which men are
subjected to the loss of life at the will of a
single man. It can only be justified by a law
higher than the Constitution, the law of neces-
sity, by which nations maintain their exist-
ence.
It is not in pursuance of the Constitution ;
it is above the Constitution. It results from
that higher law to which we all bow, the law
under which we acted in suppressing the rebel-
lion. I am for invoking that law no longer
than it is necessary, for exercising it only within
the limits of the necessity. Enacted into a sys-
tem of permanent laws, with no limit to the
duration of such a system, and it does look,
and the world will believe, that this struggle is
for military despotism as an end, and not for
military rule as a means for the preservation of
free institutions.
I wish the Senator from Oregon had stood
by the proposition he offered last night. I am
sorry that he has listened to the minority of
Union men in the House, who by a coalition
with the Democrats rejected this amendment
there. I am sorry that they have so much
influence in this body. I wish we could have
on this question the cool, deliberate judgment
of grave Senators. I believe the majority of
Union men who voted for this amendment in
the House will carry it through instantly if we
send it back with this amendment, and those
who seek for military rule as an end will be
bound to come to that majority. I am opposed
to the minority of the House, first coalescing
with the Democrats and forcing a measure of
this kind through, and then telling us and toll-
ing the world that if we put a limitation upon
our own power, if we put limitation in this bill,
they will not pass the bill; that they will have
absolute power; that they will place that
power in the hands of military men ; that they
will have men in the South who shall have in
their hands arbitrary disposal of life and death,
or the Union people shall have no protection.
The bill with this amendment gives the same
protection and in the same way that it does
without. The amendment simply says to the
South, "If you will repent and comply with
our terms you may have civil liberty." That
is all. It does-not change the fonn of the bill.
The Senator from Maine calls me to an
account because I say that this is an extraor-
dinary bill, an extraordinary remedy, and can
only be sanctioned by extraordinary reasons.
I think that, if any lawyer will road the bill he
will say so. Ill times gone by the power to put
a State under the control of a single man, to
make him a dictator and more than dictator,
to give him the power to execute his own will
without appeal to any higher tribunal, to give
him absolute ^owerof life and death, seemed to
the fathers of the Republic to be an extraor-
dinary pqwer that could only be justified in
perilous times. I have, from the reports
before me, come to the conclusion that
those times do exist temporarily now; but I
believe that the people of the South, when the
necessary consequence of their conduct is
brought homo to them by this bill, will recon-
sider their contumacious conduct and learn to
do right. I am not here to justify the setting
up of governments over them by the President.
I admit that alLthat was irregular, and that is
one reason why it is necessary for us to legis-
late ; but it is no reason why we should make
this institution, which wo think is justified by
present necessity, a permanent one, to be exer-
cised as a military despotism in the South. I
know that the President has exercised some-
what similar power. If an officer did not suit
him he removed the officer and placed another
in his_ stead. I do not object to the President's
exercising power where it was necessary; I do
not object to continuing its exercise in a regu-
lar manner so long as it may be necessary, but
we might weil have complained if the Presi-
dent had proclaimed that he intended to exer-
cise it through all time.
You say that in the nature of things this is
to be temporary. Plead not the nature of
things, plead hot the nature of man. Show
nije an instance where any one who had such
power ever relinquished it. It is according to
all history and the nature of man that those
who have power hold on to it as long as they
can. Let no man Say, then, give power with-
out a littlit which must necessarily lead to the
destfuctioii of free institutiofis. The Senator
from Maine says to me in a very self-confident
manner that there is no such thing as civil
government in the South. I admit that civil
government in the South is a miserable apol-
ogy ; but the bill itself provides for this civil
authority acting in subordination to the mili-
tary. It recognizes its existence. I do not
object to that. There is some civil authority
there which the gentleman proposes to use in
the exercise of this military power. It is a
civil authority that we have allowed to grow
up, but it was not sanctioned by any law. It
was a usurpation when it was started. I do
not approve of that.. It should have been sub-
mitted to Congress; but it is then actually in
existence, and it is recognized by this bill.
All I have to say, then, is, the emergency
has arisen when extraordinary means must be
provided, but there will be a time when we
shall want civil government. When all our
conditions have been complied with—and this
amendment states what the conditions are—
do we not want to have civil government re-
stored? The arrival of that time depends on
the good or bad conduct of the southern peo-
ple themselves. They are left free agents ;
they are the arbiters of their own fortune. If
they act right they shall have civil government.
If they continue to oppress they shall not have
it. Let them have the power to choose be-
tween right and wrong ; but put your military
power there and hold out an inducement to
the people to have it removed. Otherwise
what inducement is held out to the southern
man to do right, when if he does right you
continue your military rule; and if he does
wrong you continue it, and he must be under
a military government anyhow.
The loyal as well as the disloyal are placed
in that position, and then they are without hope.
Let me suggest one consideration on this point.
What kind of men will these military rulers be ?
They will be stationed amon^ these people.
Now, the disloyal have just as fine houses, just
as fine wines, just as fine places of entertain-
ment, just as many fascinations in society as the
loyalists ; in fact I think it will be admitted that
they stand a little higher in society there. If
you pass this bill in this shape, you may have
military men there who will not be above the
arts and the inducements and the allurements
that may be thrown around young men. The
loyal may suffer while the disloyal will be riot-
ing. Establish this bill without any such amend-
ment, and all the military men you send there
will send you reports that the continuance of
their power is necessary. No man will be ex-
erting himself to throw off the yoke because no
hope is held out, no promise, no salvation, no
matter what they do. The loyal and the dis-
loyal alike will sink down into hopelessness and
despair. But suppose you hold out to them
a prospect that when they do right they shall
have mcrcy, then you put an argument into the
mouths of the loyal and they can say to the
disloyal, "You have brought this misery upon
us; if you behave yourselves we shall be free ;
you are our enemies; it is your rebellion first
and your tyranny now, it is your denial of h nman
rights that has caused us to be deprived of the
rights of States aud placed under military pow-
er; come go with us and do right; accept these
generous propositions of Congress and be free.''
Would not that be an argument in the mouths
of the loyal? But If there is no hope held out
what will be the consequence? I believe every
Senator now thinks and believes that if they
would comply with these conditions he would re-
lieve these people. Then why not say so now?
Is it not quite as important to say it now as at
any othertime? You admit it to be just. The
only argument against this amendment that I
have heard is that if adopted the other House
