1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
will not sanction it and pass the bill. Why
not? A majority of the Union members of the
House have already voted for it. It was de-
feated by a minority of the Union members
coalescing with the Democrats.
But, Mr. President, I need not say more.
I hope honorable Senators will not place me
in a false position again by pretending that I
am unwilling to give adequate protection to
the Union men in the South, by pretending
that I am any more in favor of rebels than any
other man is. I recognize the necessity for
this bill; but I want the Union men in the
South to have an argument to show that there
is redemption for the South if they do right.
Southern men tell me, "We are overpowered
by the disloyal; they say to us, you are treated
as we are treated ; Congress does nothing for
you; what is the use of your making efforts;
nothing will be done to admit even the loyal."
The southern people who are Unionists are not
in the front rank of intelligence; many of them
are poor, low, and oppressed. The argument
that Congress does not care any more for them
than for the rebels, and that there is nothing
they can do which will enable them to get into
the Union, overpowers the Union men. The
disloyal are teaching the Union men of the
rebel States to-day that we in Congress seek
military despotism as an end and not as a
means, that we seek disunion as a perpetual
end of this controversy ; that we desire to hold
the South as conquered provinces; that we
will not say on what terms we shall let them
in. They say we have now assumed the same
language which they started out with when they
declared that if j'ou gave them a blank sheet
of paper they would not write the terms upon
which the Union could be saved. They turn
around to loyal men in the South and say the
North are victorious and they will not accept a
blank sheet of paper and write the terms upon
which we shall have free government, and thus
they silence the clamor of those who have stood
firm and fast to the Union. It is a powerful
argument. If you want men to rally around
you in the South you must state the terms of
restoration. The terms proposed in this amend-
ment are all that humanity demands. Make
that statement and my word for it you will
have a party in the South eager to avoid this
military rule and accept the terms of restoration
which you propose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I should
be glad if it would please the Senate to have
a vote at this time indicating its sense upon
this amendment, because the discussion pro-
ceeds upon the general merits of the bill; and
for some reasons—I need not state them—I
should be glad to know whether the Senate
intends or does not intend to attach this amend-
ment to the bill; and as the discussions that
occur do not relate particularly to the amend-
ment, but to the general merits of the bill, it
seems to me they might go on as well after the
Senate has determined whether to amend the
bill or not, and if agreeable to Senators I
f-hould like to have a vote at this time upon
the amendment.
[ find that I failed to make myself under-
stood here. I gave notice last night that I
should propose this amendment to the bill. I
do not indicate any hostility to the amendment
now ; but I say that upon consulting persons
who know the state of things in the other
House, it was represented to me that the con-
dition of business there is such that to attach
an amendment to this bill and send it back
would probably, if not certainly, accomplish
its defeat. I took those representations from
persons of the highest authority in the House.
Of course I do not propose to mention names.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me a word on that
point, for I am pretty well acquainted with the
rules of the House, having been a member of
that body for several years. There is no trouble
in a majority of the House at any time reach-
ing a bill on the Speakers table if it does not
contain an appropriation of money. A ma-
jority of that House in favor of it can reach
this bill within ten minutes after it goes back
to the House, beyond a doubt. A motion to
go to the Speaker's table is in order, and then
the House can lay aside one bill after anothejL
until they reach this. ™
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the honorable Sen-
ator differs from the Speaker of the House on
that question, and I do not propose to decide
between them. The honorable Speaker indi-
cated to me a manner in which the enemies of
this bill might prevent any final vote upon it
until after Tuesday night.
Mr. SHERMAN. They might perhaps by
filibustering.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a possible thing,
as we all know. It is necessary that this bill
should go to the President on Tuesday night in
order to have his decision as to whether he
will or will not approve it before Congress ad-
journs ; and it is to be remembered that if the
President should veto this bill his objections to
it are to be sent to the House of Representa-
tives, and then of course there will be more or
less opportunity both in the House and in the
Senate to discuss the question upon the objec-
tions of the President, and then both Houses
must by a two-thirds vote sustain the measure
in order to secure its passage. I do not wish
to go into that matter more particularly ; but I
simply state these things to indicate the reason
why I should prefer to have this bill pass in its
present shape and to have this amendment, or
the substance of it, embodied iu some bill or
resolution to be passed by Congress before its
adjournment; and my object in rising now was
simply to ask the Senate, if agreeable to them,
to vote on the amendment at this time, and
then proceed with the general discussion of the
merits of the hill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It strikes me as rather
harsh to hear the action of the House quoted
to~ influence the action of the Senate, or obser-
vations or threats made by persons in the
House that if we choose to amend one of their
bills it cannot pass at this session. Such a
thing is in violation of the rules, to commence
with, because the rules expressly declare that
no such observation shall be made. A mem-
ber of the House has no right to influence or to
attempt to influence our action by what be may
say, and it is out of order in the House to make
any allusion to what a Senator desires on the
passage of a bill. That is the established rule
of Parliament.
Now, Mr. President, this is the gravest ques-
tion, in my judgment, that has come before this
Congress at any period of its deliberations. I
am not disposed to consider any amendment
to this bill or the bill itself nnder any sugges-
tions such as have been made here. I want to
give this subject the most serious consideration
possible, and I want to vote on these proposi-
tions after I have heard Senators on both sides,
and I do not think we ought to be influenced
in the slightest degree by the rules of the House
or by what maybe donebythe House. I have
no doubt the House of Representatives are as
patriotic as we are, and that after our action
has been had they will deliberate upon it in
good faith. The long delay in bringing this
bill before Congress is not, perhaps, the fault
of either House. At any rate, it is here at this
late period of the session, and I wish to give it
a fair and full consideration. Nor am I to be
influenced in the slightest degree by any obser-
vations that may be made by a member of the
House as to the effect of our amendments. If
they can pass a bill and send it to us, and we
are not at liberty for any cause to amend it, as
a matter of course there is the end of the joint
action of the two Houses. I am not disposed
to legislate in that way.
Mr. CONNESS. The suggestion made by
the honorable Senator from Oregon who has
charge of this measure as to the order of our
proceeding I think has a good deal in it, and
I rise to express the wish that the Senate will
pay attention to his suggestion, which is that
wo discuss the amendments proposed and act
upon them, leaving the discussion upon the
main proposition until the amendments shall
have been disposed of. If the discussions here
generally should take that regular order we
should get along with business much more rap-
idly than we do. I hope the Senator's sugges-
tion on this point will receive the attention of
the Senate.
I desire to add a word to what the honorable
Senator from Ohio has said in regard to gov-
erning onr legislation by what members of the
other House may say, and the remark I would
make is with respect to the frequent allusions
that have been made here to what the Presi-
dent may do. I think allusions of the one kind
are about as much out of place as those of the
other. I have no fears that the President will,
to use the technical language, pocket important
bills upon this subject. I believe that if bills
upon this great subject reach him giving him
time enough to consider them, he will either
sign them or return them to this body within
the proper time or before its adjournment with
his objections. I have little doubt upon that
point. What would be the consequence if he
did not, and if by such a course as the pocket-
ing of bills, as it is termed, he should challenge
the opposition of both Houses of Congress ?
Already the law provides that the new Con-
gress shall meet on the 4th day of March. The
inevitable result would be that Congress would
go on and reconsider and act upon the meas-
ures which the President had refused to return.
Now, I apprehend there is scarcely a Senator
who is ready to believe that the President de-
sires to compel us to remain in lengthened ses-
sion after the 4th of March. I have yet to meet
the first Senator or member of the House of
Representatives desirous to continue that ses-
sion beyond its organization. But the refusal
by the President to consider a bill of this char-
acter and to return it to the House in which it
originated, before the adjournment would be
a challenge to Congress and compel Congress
to go on after the 4th of March with renewed
legislation upon these subjects. Sir, I have
no fears upon that point. I hope we shall go
on with deliberation upon the legislation now
before us. When other Senators shall have
discussed the subject further, and before a vote
is taken, I may claim the attention of the Sen-
ate for a very short time. At present I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Oregon insists that a vote be had on the pend-
ing amendment immediately, and that all dis-
cussion which may be necessary be had on the
general provisions of the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. I desire not to
enter into the discussion of the amendment or
the bill, but simply at this stage_ of the pro-
ceedings to get some information if I can from
the Senator from Oregon, who seems to have
charge of the bill. I discover that the second
section of the pending measure provides—
That it shall be the duty of the General of the
Army to assign to the command of each of said dis-
tricts an officer of the Army not below.the rank of
brigadier general, and to detail a sufficient military
force to enable such officer to perform his duties and
enforce his authority within the district to which he
is assigned.
At the present time, as I understand, officers
have been assigned to those different States
and are now there in command; for instance,
General Schofield is in command at Richmond,
assigned there by the President; General Sick-
les is in command at Charleston, and General
Sheridan at New Orleans. Is it the under-
standing of the Senator from Oregon that the
President, under this measure, will have any
command of the officers after they have been
assigned by the General of the Army 7 Will
the President be still Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States?
After they have been assigned to these respect-
ive States, what position will they have assumed
different from the position now occupied by
them in these States? That is the point to
which I wish to direct the Senator's attention,
and his answer to it will control materially my
vote upon the proposition he now insists shall
be \oted upon at once.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
Constitution of the United States makes the
