1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
On all manufactures of cotton, as fallows, to wit:
Class 1.
On all plain woven manufactures of cotton, and on
drills, jeans, silesias, and other tweeled or twilled
fabrics, not more than four-leaved twill, in the brown
gray, or unbleached condition, notexceeding one hun-
dred threads to the square inch, counting the warp
and filling, and exceeding in weight five ounces per
square yard, four cents per square yard; if bleached,
four and one half cents per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, four and one half ccnts
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, ten per
cent, ad valorem.
Class 2.
On finer or lighter goods of like description, not
exceeding two hundred threads to the square inch,
counting the warp and filling, in the brown, gray, or
unbleached condition, five cents per square yard; if
bleached, five and one half cents per square yard;
if colorcd, stained, paintod, or printed, live and one
half cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
Class 3.
, On finer or lighter goods of like description, exceed-
ing two hundred threads to the square inch, counting
the warp and filling, in brown, gray, or unbleached
condition, seven cents per square yard; if bleached,
seven and one half cents per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, seven and one half cents
per square yard; and, in addition thereto, twenty per
cent* ad valorem.
Class 4.
On all other manufactures of cotton commonly sold
or purchased by the yard or other lineal measure or
by the piece, comprising twills over four-leaved, sat-
teen, jeans, nets, lappet andpacquard-made fabrics,
damasked and figured fabrics, cords, beaverteens,
velvets, velveteens, and fabrics embroidered or tam-
boured in the loom, not otherwise provided for, in
the brown, gray, or unbleached condition, six cents
per square yard; if bleached, colored, stained, paint-
ed, or printed, six cents per square yard, and, in addi-
tion thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem: Provided,
That if the duties imposed upon manufactures of cot-
ton, included in the four foregoing classes, shall
amount upon brown, gray, or unbleached fabrics to
less than thirty per cent, ad valorem, then the duty
shall be assessed at thirty per cent, ad valorem: upon
bleached fabrics to less than thirty-three and one
third per cent, ad valorem then the duty shall be as-
sessed at thirty-three and one third per cent, ad va-
lorem/ upon colored, stained, painted, or printed fab-
rics to less than thirty-five per cent, ad valorem,
then the duty shall be assessed at thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem. t
Class 5.
On spool thread of cotton, ten cents per dozen
spools, containing on each spool two hundred yards
or less; and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad
valorem; and for every additional one hundred yards
on each spool, or fractional part thereof, five cents
per dozen spools, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On cotton yarns in any form, when not advanced
beyond singles, in numbers coarser than number
fifty, twenty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, aa valorem; when not coarser than
number fifty, nor finer than number seventy, thirty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
eent. ad valorem ; when finer than number seventy,
forty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On cotton thread when not wound upon spools,
and on cotton yarns for warps or other purposes,
when two or more strands are twisted together,
whether on beams, in bundles, skeins, hanks, cops,
or in any other form, if composed of single yarns of
numbers coarser than number fifty, twenty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad
valorem ; if composed of single yarns not coarser than
number fifty, nor finer than number seventy, thirty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, advalorem ; if composed of single yarns of num-
bers finer than number seventy, forty cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all cotton hosiery, comprising shirts, drawers,
stockings, socks, gloves, and all other goods knitted
or made on frames or by band, ten ccnts per pound,
and, in addition thereto, forty per ccnt. ad valorem.
On cotton webbing, tapes, galloons, bindings, gimps,
trimmings, and braids, plain or otherwise, sixty per
cent, ad valorem.
On cotton edgings, insertings, and embroideries,
and on all embroideries of ever;y material (except
silk) of which the embroidering is the chief value,
not otherwise provided for, forty percent, advalorem.
On all manufactures of cotton notherein otherwise
provided for, forty per cent, advalorem.
On all manufactures of cotton mixed with other
material, in which cotton is the material of chief
value, and not herein otherwise provided for, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid the same duties
as are herein providedforsimilarmanufacturescom-
posed wholly of cotton.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. In lines ninety-one
and ninety two I move to strike out the words
"and on all embroideries of every material
(except silk)" after ''' embroidery11 in line
ninety-one, so as to make the item read:
On cotton edgings, insertings, and embroideries,
of which the embroidering is the chief value, not
otherwise provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
line ninety-four this paragraph :
On manufactures of cotton, known as book-binders'
cloths, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law (on the articles
mentioned and embraced in this section) there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, on all manufactured
wool, hair of the alpaca, goat, camel, and other like
animals, imported from foreign countries, the duties
hereinafter provided.
All wools, hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like
animals, as aforesaid, shall be divided, for the pur-
pose of fixing the duties to be charged thereon, into
three classes, to wit:
Class 1.
Clothing wools: that is to say, merino, mcstiza,
inets, or metis wools, or other wools of merino blood,
immediate or remote; Down clothing wools; and
wools of like character, with any of the preceding,
including such as have been heretofore usually im-
ported into the United States from Buenos Ayres,
New Zealand, Australia, Cape of Good Hope, Russia,
Great Britain, Canada, and elsewhere, and also in-
cluding all wools not hereinafter described or desig-
nated in classe two or three.
Class 2.
Combing: that is to say, Leicester. Cotswold, Lin-
colnshire, Down combing wools, Canada long wools,
or other like combing wools of English blood, and
usually known by the terms herein used; and also
all hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like animals.
Class 3.
Carpet wools and other similar wools, such as Don-
skoi, native South American, Cardova, Valparaiso,
native Smyrna, and including all such wools of like
character as have been heretofore usually imported
into the United States from Turkey, Greece, Egypt,
Syria, and elsewhere.
For the purpose of carrying into effect the classifi-
cation herein provided, a sufficient number of dis-
tinctive samples of the various kinds of wool or hair
embraced in each of the three classes above-named,
selected and prepared under the direction of theSec-
retary of the Treasury, and duly verified by him, (the
standard samples being retained in the Treasury De-
partment,) shall be deposited in the custom-houses
and elsewhere, as he may direct, which samples shall
be used by the proper officers of the customs to de-
termine the classes above-specified, to which all im-
ported wools belong. And upon wools of th e first class,
imported unwashed, the value whereof, at the last
port or place whence exported to the United States,
excluding charges in such port, shall be thirty-two
cents or less per pound, the duty shall be ten cents
per pound, and in addition thereto ten per cent, ad
valorem ; upon wools of the same class, unwashed,
the value whereof at the last port or place whence
exported to the United States, excluding charges in
such port, shall exceed thirty-two cents per pound,
the duty shall be twelve cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem. Upon
wools of the second class, and upon all hair of the
alpaca, goat, camel, and other like animals, and upon
noils, the value whereof at the last port or place
whence exported to the United States, excluding
charges in such port, shall be thirty-two cents or
less per pound, the duty shall be ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, aa valorem;
upon wools of the same class, the value whereof at
the last port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding chargcs in such port, shall exceed
thirty-two cents per pound, the duty shall be twelve
cents per pound, and in addition thereto, ten per
cent, ad valorem. Upon wools of the third class, the
value whereof at the last port or place whence ex-
ported into the United States, excluding charges in
such port, shall be twelve cents or less per pound,
the duty shall be three cents per pound. Upon wools
of the same class, the value whereof at the last
port or place whence exported to the United States,
excluding charges in such port, shall exceed twelve
cents per pound, the duty shall be six cents per
pound: Provided, Thatanywool ofthesheep, or hair
of the alpaca, goat, camel, and other like animals,
which shall bo imported in any other than the ordi-
nary condition as now and heretofore practiced, or
which shall be changed in its character or condition,
for the purpose of evading the duty, or which shall
be reduced m value by the admixture of dirt or any
other foreign substance, shall be subject to pay twice
the amount of duty to which it would otherwise be
subjected, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding: Provided further* That when wool of
different qualities is imported in the same bale, bag,
or package, it shall be appraised, by the appraiser,
to determine the rate of duty to which it shall be
subjected, at the average aggregate value of the con-
tents of the bale, bag, or package; and when bales
of different qualities are embraced in the same in-
voice at the same price, whereby the average price
shall be reduced more than ten per cent, below the
value of the bale of the best quality, the value of the
whole shall be appraised according to the value of
the bale of the best quality; and no bale, bag, or
package shall be liable to a less rate of duty in con-
sequence of being invoiced with wool of lower value:
And provided further, That the duty upon wool of
the first class which shall be imported washed shall
be twice the amount of the duty to whieh it would
be subjected if importod unwashed, and that the duty
upon wool of all classes which shall be imported
scoured shall be three times the amount of the duty,
to which it would be subjected if imported unwashed.
On sheep-skins and Angora goat-skins, raw or un-
manuiactured, imported with the wool on, washed
or unwashed, the duty shall be thirty per cent, ad
valorem; and on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, ex-
tract of wool, and waste, the duty shall be twelve
cents per pound; and on woolen flocks the duty shall
be three cents per pound.
Mr, FESSENDEN. After the word "flocks,"
in line one hundred and five, I move to insert
"or shearings of new fulled cloth," so as to
read:
And on woolen flocks or shearings of new fulled
eloth the duty shall be three cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
" to.
Section four of the substitute was next read,
as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on manufac-
tures of wool and similar materials, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and
merchandise herein enumerated and provided for,
imported from foreign countries, thefollowingdutaes
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On woolen cloths, comprising broadcloths, cloak-
ings, cassimeres, ladies' cloths, doeskins, tricots, and
all other fulled or felted goods or fabrics, woolen
shawls, flannels, and all manufactures of wool of
every description made wholly or in part of wool,
not herein otherwise specified, forty-five cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
On blankets andwoolen or worsted yarns composed
wholly or in part of wool, the hair of the alpaca,
goat, camel, or other like animals, valued at not
exceeding forty cents per pound, twenty cents per
pound; valued at above forty cents per pound, and
not exceeding sixty cents per pound, thirty cents per
pound; valued at above sixty cents per pound, and
not exceeding eighty cents per pound, forty cents per
pound; valued at above eighty cents per pound, fifty
cents per pound; and, in addition thereto, upon all
the above-named articles,thirtypercent.advalorem♦
On bunting, twenty cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods, and real or
imitation Italian cloths, and lastings, and all other
similar fabrics, either in the gray or of uniform color,
or in various colors or figures produced in the process
of weaving, or by coloring, staining, painting, print-
ing, or otherwise, commonly sold or purchased by the
yard or other lineal measure, or by the piece, com-
posed wholly or in part of wool, worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, camel, or other like animals, valued
at not exceeding twenty cents the square yard, six
cents per square yard,- and. in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem; valued at above twenty
cents per square yard, eight ccnts per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem : Provided, That on all such goods weighingfour
ounces and over per square yard, the duty shall be
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per eent. ad oalorem.
On hosiery, composed wholly or in part of wool,
comprising shirts, drawers, stockings, socks, gloves,
mittens, and all other goods knitted or made on
frames or by hand, and cloth gloves, forty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On hats and caps of wool, and clothing ready made,
and wearing apparel of every description, and bal-
moral skirts, composed wholly or in part of wool,
worsted, the nair of the alpaca, goat, camel, or other
like animals, made up or manufactured wholly or in
part by the tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, fifty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On webbings, beltings, cords, bindings, braids, and
galloons, composed wholly or in part of wool, worsted,
the hair of the alpaca, goat, camel, or other like ani-
mals, fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On fringes, gimp, tassels, dress trimmings, head
nets, buttons or tassel buttons, or buttons of other
forms for tassels or ornaments, wrought by hand or
braided by machinery, made of wool, worsted, the hair
of the alpaca, goat, camcl, or other like animals, or
of which the above-named materials are the compo-
nent parts of chief value, seventy per cent, ad valo-
rem,,
On Aubusson and Axminster carpets and carpets
woven whole for rooms, fifty per eent. ad valorem.
On Saxony, "Wilton, and Tournay velvet carpets,
wrought by the Jacquard maehine, eighty cents per
square yard; on Brussels carpets, wrought by the
Jacquard machine, seventy centsper square yard; on
patent velvet and tapestry velvet carpets, printed on
the warp or otherwise, fifty cents per square yard.
On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets, printed
on the warp or otherwise, fifty cents per square yard.
On treble ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain
Venetian carpets, forty cents per square yard.
On yarn Venetian and two-ply ingrain carpets,
thirty-five cents per square yard.
On druggets,> baizes, and bookings, printed, col-
ored,or otherwise, twenty-five cents per square yard,
and,m addition thereto, thirty per cent, advalorem;
on carpets and carpetings of wool, flax, or cotton, or
parts of either, or other materials not otherwise
herein specified, forty per cent, ad valorem: Pro-
vided, That mats, rugs screens, covers, hassocks, bed-
sides, and other portions of oarpcts or carpeting shall
be subjected to the rat^ of duty herein imposed on
carpets or carpeting of like oh aracter or description,
