606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
and that the duty on all other mats (not exclusively
01 vegetable material.) screens, hassocks, and car-
pet,and door-rugs, shall be forty per cent, advalorem.
Un oilcloths forfloors, stamped, painted,or printed,
valued at fifty cents or less per square yard, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem; valued at over fifty cents
per square yard, and all other oilcloth, (except silk
oilcloth,) and on water-proof cloth, not otherwise
provided for, forty-five per cent, ad valorem; on oil
silk cloth, sixty per cent, advalorem.
On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist, or other man-
ufactures of cloth, woven or made in patterns of such
size, shape,^and form, or cut in such manner as to be
fit lor use in the manufacture of shoes, boots, and
bootees exclusively, not combined with India-rubber,
and upon lastings in the piece, fifty per ccnt. ad
valorem,.
t On all manufactures of cloth, woven, made, or cut
m.patterns of such size, shape, and form, as to be fit
for use' in the manufacture of buttons, exclusively,
not combined with India-rubber, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On roofing fell, twenty per cent, ad valorem,
On all manufactures of wool, worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, or other like animal, mixed with
other material, in which wool, worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, camel, or other like animal is the
material of chief value, not herein otherwise speci-
fied, there shall be levied, collected, and paid the
same duties as are herein provided for similar man-
ufactures, composed wholly of wool, worsted, the
hair of the alpaca, goat, or other like animals: Pro-
vided, That all manufactures of worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, or any other animal, and of shoddy,
mungo, waste, or flocks, not herein specified, shall be
known as manufactures of wool, and the same rate
of duties shall be levied, collected, and paid on them
as are herein imposed on similar fabrics composed
wholly of wool.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the proviso in lines
tbirty-eigkt and thirty-nine I move to strike
out "all such goods," and to insert " skirt-
ings, upholstery fabrics, and all other worsted
goods5" so as to make the proviso read :
Provided, That on skirtings, upholstery fabrics, and
all other worsted goods weighing four ounces and
over per square yard, the duty shall be fifty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
from lines sixty-six to seventy-seven inclusive,
and in lieu of them to insert:
On "Wilton, Saxony, Aubusson, Axminster, patent
velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry velvet carpets
and carpeting, Brussels carpet wrought by theJac-
quard machine, and all medallion or whole carpets,
valued at SI 25 or under per square yard, eighty cents
per square yard; valued at over $125 per square yard,
ninety cents per square yard: Provided, That no car-
peting. carpets, or rugs of the foregoing description
shall pay aduty of less than fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and car-
peting, printed on the warp or otherwise, sixty cents
per square yard.
On all treble ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain
Venetian carpets and carpeting, forty-five cents per
square yard.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seventy-eight,
after "carpets,'' the words "or carpeting"
should be inserted.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ In line eighty, after
"bocking," I move to insert " and felt carpets
and carpeting."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary next read section five of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed bylaw on the importation
of silk and the manufactures of silk there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say:
On spun silk for filling, in skeins or cops, not more
advanced than singles, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem ; on silk in the gum not more advanced than
singles, tram, thrown, or organzine, and on floss
silks, thirty-five per cent, advalorcn.
On sowing silk or silk twist in the gum or purified,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On all ribbons, beltings, galloons, hat-bands, bind-
ings, braids, fringes, gimps, gloves, cloak and dress
trimmings, fancy buttons, cords, dress cords, cords
and tassels, head nets, head-dresses, neckties, collars,
and scarfs, made of silk, seventy percent, advalorem.
On each and every other description of manufac-
tures of silk, whether produced by the loom or frame,
or in any other way, or further advanced by the
needle, whether by hand or machinery, sixty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all other manufactures of silk mixed with other
materials, comprised as above, in which silk is the
material of chief value, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixteen, after
" silk," I move to insert " or of which salk is
the component material of chief valueso as
to read:
On all ribbons, beltings, galloons, &c„ made of silk
or of which silk is the component material of chief
value.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line sixteen I
move to insert as a new paragraph:
On silk plush for the manufacture of hats, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary next read section six of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be itfurther enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of flax, hemp, j ute, or similar vegetable materials, or
on manufactures of the same, there shall be hereafter
levied, collected, and paid-the following dutie3 and
rates of duties, that is to say:
On flax unmanufactured, fifteen dollars per ton.
On flax hackled, known as dressed line, twenty dol-
lars per ton.
On Russia, Manila, Italian, and all other hemps,
unmanufactured, twenty-five dollars per ton.
On flax straw, one dollar per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, five dollars per ton.
On jute, unmanufactured, and Sisal grass, and other
vegetable fibers, not otherwise provided for, five dol-
lars per ton.-
On all manufactures of Sisal grass, thirty per cent.
ad valorem.
On all brown or bleached linens, ducks, canvas
paddings, cot bottoms, burlaps, drills, coatings, brown
Hollands, blay linens, Spanish linens, diaper, dam-
asks, crash, huckabacks, handkerchiefs, lawns, or
other manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute, orof which
flax, hemp, or jute is the component material ot
chief value, not herein otherwise specified, three
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On cordage and rope, of whatever vegetable ma-
terial composed, three cents per pound.
On gunny-cloth, gunny-bags, cotton bagging, or
other manufactures not otherwise herein provided
for, suitable for the uses to which eotton bagging is
applied, composed wholly or in part of hemp, jute,
flax, or other material valued at ten cents or less per
square yard, three cents per pound; valued at over
ten cents per square yarjJ, four cents per pound.
On jute, hemp, or cocoa-nut matting and carpet-
ing, three cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On mats and on matting not otherwise specified,
of the same and other exclusively vegetable ma-
terials, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On matting made of bass or linden wood bark, fif-
teen percent, advalorem.
On threads, patent threads, saddlers'thread, shoe
thread, gill-net thread or gill-net twine, and pack
thread and sewing-machine thread, and all other
threads and twines and yarn, when advanced be-
yond single, made of flax, hemp, or jute, or of the
tow of flax, hemp, or jute, valued at fifty cents or less
per pound, five cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, advalorem/ valued at over
fifty ecnts and not over one dollar per pound, ten
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem; valued at over one dollar per
pound, fifteen cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On seines or nets made of flax or hemp thread,
yarn, or twine, completed or in parts, valued at not
over seventy-five cents per pound, ten cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent.
ad valorem,- valued at over seventy-five cents per
pound, fifteen cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty percent, ad valorem.
Onfish lines of linen, or twines of linen suitable for
fish lines, valued at $2 50 or less per pound, thirty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem .* valued at over $2 50 per pound,
forty cents perpound, and, in addition thereto,thirty
per ccnt. ad valorem.
On yarns of flax or hemp, single, or the tow of flax
or hemp, single, valued at seventy-five cents or less
per pound, five cents per pound; valued at over
seventy-five cents and not over SI 50 per pound,
ten cents per pound; valued at over $1 50 per pound,
fifteen cents per pound, and in, addition thereto, in
each case, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On jute yarns, single, thirty percent, ad valorem.
On coir yarn, one cent and a half per pound.
On webbing, tapes, galloons, bindings, gimps,
trimmings, braids, plain or otherwise, made of flax,
hemp, or jute, or of parts of either, or of which hemp,
flax, or jute shall be thecomponent material of chief
value, fifty percent, ad valorem.
On all other manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute,
or other similar fibers not herein otherwise specified,
forty per cent, advalorem.
On all manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute, in which
flax, hemp, or jute shall be the component material
of chief value, thero shall be levied, collected, and
paid the same duties as those herein assessed on simi-
lar articles composed wholly of the above-named
materials.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven I move to
strike out"twenty" andinsert "thirty;" so as
to read:
On flax hackled, known as dressed line, thirty dol-
lars per ton.
The amendment to the amendment was
agrreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines twenty-two and
twenty-three I move to strike out " three cents
per square yard, and in addition thereto," and
after lt thirty," in line twenty-three, to insert
" five;" so as to read:
Manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute, orof which
flax, hemp, or jute is the component material of ehief
value, not herein otherwise specified, tbirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines forty-seven,
forty-nine, fifty-one, fifty-five, and fifty-seven,
respectively, I move to insert "five" after
"thirty," so as to make the advalorem rate in
those cases thirty-five per cent, instead of thirty.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty-five I move
to strikeout" seventy-five" and insert "fifty
in line sixty-six to strike out "seventy-five"
and insert "fifty;" in line sixty-seven to strike
out "and fifty cents" after "dollar;" in line
sixty-eight to strike out " and fifty cents" after
"dollar;" and in line seventy to insert "five"
after " thirty;;J so as to make the clause read:
On yarns of flax or hemp, single, or the tow of
flax or hemp, single, valued at fifty cents or less per
pound, five cents per pound; valued at over fifty
cents and not over one dollar per pound, ten cents per
pound; valued at over one dollar per pound, fifteen
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, in each case,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
Section seven of the substitute was next read,
as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the importa-
tion of the articles hereinafter enumerated there
shall be levied, collected, and paid the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say:
On iron in pigs, nine dollars per ton.
On old metal scrap iron, three dollars per ton.
On old wrought scrap iron, eight dollars per ton:
Provided, Tnat nothing sh.^ll be deemed wrought or
scrap iron which can be used as piles or billets in the
manufacture of iron.
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms,
less finished than bars and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, one and one fourth cents per
pound.
On iron bars for railroads or inclined planes, made
to order, ready to lay down, seventy cents per one
hundred pounds.
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars not less than one and a half nor more than four
inches wide, nor less than half an inch nor more than
two inches thiek, one and one fourth cent per pound.
On iron bars, rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars less than one and a half inch and more than
four inches wide, and less than oue half of an inch
and not less than three eighths of an inch thiek, and
on iron bars, rolled or hammered, more than two
inches thick, one and one half cent per pound.
On all sizes of flats, rolled or hammered, less than
three eighths of an inch in thiekness and not thinner
than No. 8, wire gauge, one and three fourths cent
per pound.
On iron bars or rods, round or square, not less than
seven eighths of an inch, nor more than two inches
diameter or square, one and one fourth cent per
pound.
On iron bars or rods less than seven eighths of an
inch round or square and more than two inches di-
ameter or square and not less than nine sixteenths
of an inch round or square, one and three fourths
centner pound.
Onl>arsorrods round or square, less than nine six-
teenths of an inch diameter or square, and not less
than five sixteenths of an inch diameter or square,
two cents per pound.
On rods less than five sixteenths of an inch diam-
eter or square, and not less than No. 9 wire guage,
two and one half cents per pound.
On iron rods and wire rods, less than No. 9 wire
guage, two and one half cents per pound.
On all sizes nail rods, slit or rolled, and on all slit
iron, two and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sizes of oval, half oval, and half round iron,
two and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sizes hoop, band, and scroll iron, thinner
than No. 8 and not thinner than No 14. wire guago,
two and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sizes hoop, band, and scroll iron, thinner
than No. 14 wire gauge, two and three fourths cents
cents per pound.
On all sizes of plate iron, not thinner than No.
10 wire gauge, one and three fourth? cent per
pound.
On sheet or plate iron thinner than No. 10, and
not thinner than No. 18, wire gauge, two cents per
pound.
On sheet or plate iron thinner than No. 18 wires
gauge, and not thinner than No. 22 wire gauge, two
and one fourth cents per pound.
On sheet or plate iron thinner than No. 22, and not
thinner than No. 24 wire gauge, two and a half eents
per pound.
On sheet or phite iron thinner than No. 24 wire
