1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
President Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy, and of course Congress has no
power to deprive him of that office; and this
bill will not and cannot in the nature of things
have that effect. But as I understand, it is
usual for the General of the Army, without
consulting the President, to detail officers and
men for certain purposes, and this bill recog-
nizes that practice. I have no doubt, in_my
own mind, that the President of the United
States by virtue of the authority vested in him
by the Constitution, may overrule any order
that may be made by the General of the Army
that does not controvert this law. So far as
the disposition of the forces is concerned, and
as to what particular generals shall be assigned
to a particular district, the bill requires the
General of the Army to designate ; but I do
do not suppose that the bill can overrule the
Constitution and deprive the President of his
functions as Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator if in his judgment General Grant is
now subject, so far as the government of the
Anny is concerned, to the orders of the Presi-
dent, and whether General Grant, in making
these assignments, would not be compelled to
obey the orders of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I believe, as the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] suggests to me, that, in
issuing his general orders, General Grant signs
them " by order of the President of the United
States," those that affect the management and
control of the Army; for instance, assigning a
military commander to one of the districts, or
u general order to operate in the government
of the military forces of United States.
The ,Senator from Oregon says it is im-
mensely important that this bill shall be passed,
and that it shall be passed in such time tlmt
the President shall not be able to pocket it
and prevent its passage till after the 4th of
March. 1 have no idea that the President of
the United States will desire exceedingly to
pocket a measure of this sort. I cannot see
that lie would desire to do so. If 1 have any
complaint to make, it is that things have been
done in the southern States by order of the mil-
itary that I have not been able to give the con-
sent ot' my judgment to. I have thought that
the President heretofore exercised a military
authority in the southern States perhaps not
in accordance with the wishes of the people
of the United States. 1 have not been pleased
with the military administration ol'affiiirs there,
and 1 took occasion to make some complaint a
year ago of orders that were being enforced in
the southern States.
Now, if I understand the extent and scope
of this measure, it, wi'l simply be to give the
sanction of Congress to military administration
in the southern States by the President, [f
there is anything else in it I desire to have it,
understood now before we proceed any fur-
ther. If the Senator desires to have speedy
action on this measure, let us understand what
it is ; let us know who is to control the armies
and who is to be the real party issuing the or-
ders. I am not exceedingly favorable to mili-
tary government anywhere, and if f can get
along without it in the southern States I am
very anxious to do so. I am not pleased with
it, anywhere. 1 believe that despots anil tyrants
have generally resorted to it to accomplish their
ends and purposes. Cromwell, I believe, par-
titioned <ont England and appointed major
generals, who ruled the country wiili a rod of
iion, and finally the entire civil administration
of the affairs of the kingdom fell into the hands
of these major generals. The history of that
tune is well known to us all. Even Cromwell
himself, after having used them for years in
carrying out the wrongs that he desired to per-
petrate and to accomplish his own schemes of
ambition, had to abandon them and leave
them to work out their own salvation.
1 do not desire to have the history of that
time repeated in this country. I do not in-
tend, if I can avoid it, to have the history of
similar periods in other nations repeated here.
If Congress is to control the Army, to give
the orders, and to determine what the.admin-
istration of civil affairs shall be in the southern
Sates, it is a different matter; but if this is to
TO left entirely to the President, and he is to
give such orders through General Grant or
compel General Grant to issue such orders
for the government of the southern States as
he chooses, then I suppose it is proper for us
to discuss the measure anyhow, not to have it
hurried through without discussion, and every
man condemned who may for a moment hesi-
itate or doubt as to the propriety of its passage.
Mr. President, I have my views as to the
settlement of the difficulties in the southern
States. I presented them to the Senate a year
ago. There is but one solution, and there
will never be but one solution, and that is to
ascertain what the disease originally was, and
then apply the remedy. The disease was aris-
tocracy. The disease was that there were per-
sons in the southern States not entitled to civil
or political rights. I mean the negroes. It
is a clear proposition that we have got to do
one of three things: we must, first, either kill
the negroes; or second, we must send them
out of the country; or third, if we intend to
retain them, we must give them civil and polit-
ical rights. What is the use of hesitating about
arriving at that result? If we have made up
our minds to reconstruct in the South there is
no other way of reconstruction) and we need
not send the military there. I do not know
that the military in times of peace have ever
been exceedingly favorable to civil rights. It
is not my impression that they have been.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nor in time of war.
Mr. HENDERSON. In war it is known
tliey are not. The object, as I understand, is
to take away the freedom of the individual.
Mr. WILSON. What protection have loyal
men there now but the military?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not remember
whether the Senator from Massachusetts voted
for the proposition which I offered twelve
months ago as a constitutional amendment,
and that was to give political rights to the
negroes. Some Senators said it was a hum-
bug, that it was Jacob Townsend's Sarsapa-
rilio, or something to that effect, that it would
amount to nothing. Now, I will ask what
other protection can you give to a Union
man in the southern States than the ballot?
If something like the bill that has already
passed the House of Representatives, and is
now lying upon your desk, providing for civil
government in the southern States can bo
passed, J am perfectly willing to have a Gov-
ernor and provisional council appointed in
each State to initiate the forming of civil gov-
ernment. Civil government will protect the
rights of individuals; the Army is not very
likely to do it. We all know what the tend-
ency of a government by military power is.
We are not injuring the southern people half
so much as wo injure ourselves by a military
government. I thmk we shall regret it if we
enter into it; I think we shall have cause to
regret it; and I doubt exceedingly whether it
will be any protection to loyal men. We often
commit blunders, we often commit errors. It
is not the first time gentlemen have gone off
in a rage to accomplish something, and found
twelve months afterward that they have not
accomplished it.
Mr. WILSON. When have we done that?
Mr. HENDERSON. We frequently do it.
I know 1 do it.
Mr. WILSON. I thought you spoke of
something that the Senate had done.
Mr. HENDERSON. I say we as individ-
uals commit blunders. I commit blunders, and
the Senator from Massachusetts I apprehend
is not free from them.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to ask a question
of the Senator from Missouri. He speaks of
giving the ballot to the colored people of the
South. Let me ask him whether it would not
be better that that privilege or right should be
given them by the free action of the southern
States themselves, by amendments of their own
State constitutions?
Mr. HENDERSON. Will they- do it ?
Mr. DIXON. I think they will; but I put,
the hypothetical case, suppose they would do
it, would not that be better?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly, if they will
do it.
Mr. DIXON. That proposition has been
made.
Mr. HENDERSON. My impression is that
we committed a blunder when we voted down,
twelve months ago, the constitutional amend-
ment to which I have alluded. „ Now, let me
say that the northern people should determine
to do justice, and if the Senator from Con-
necticut himself will give us a pledge that his
own State will vote negro suffrage 
Mr. DIXON. I can give you a pledge that
I will vote for it, and I have always afforded
what feeble aid I could to the attainment of
that result in my state. I have voted for it
myself twice at the polls.
Mr. HENDERSON. The southern people
do not believe we are in earnest about this
thing. Why, sir, Connecticut eighteen months
ago, I believe, voted down negro suffrage by a
majority in every county in the State but one.
Mr. DIXON. But the State of Tennessee
has granted suffrage to the negroes by her own
action. Now, would it not be better for the
other States to do it in that way than for us to
force it on them?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not intend to
occupy any of the time of the Senate nor to
interfere with the progress of the measure
according to the course desired by the Senator
who has it in charge. All that 1 rose for was
to insist that we must not be hurried on to the
adoption of the measure without consideration,
merely to gratify the House, or to gratify indi-
vidual members of the House. If the Presi-
dent wishes to veto the measures we pass, let
him do so. We meet again on the 4th of
March.
We have been ever since 18G5 considering
questions of reconstruction, and I do not know
that we have lost anything by failing to recon-
struct heretofore. I do not know that we are
not belter able now to reconstruct fairly and
with proper judgment than we have ever been;
and perhaps we shall be more capable of re-
constructing permanently, and to the satisfac-
tion of the American people six months hence
than wo are to-day. I am in no hurry about
it. Who is suffering? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says our Union friends are suffering
down there. I ask him is there to be any
change in the policy under this bill? Is this
bill to change the policy? That is the reason
why I asked the Senator from Oregon whether
the President would control the military under
this bill. If so, what is gained ? The Presi-
dent is controlling the military now. Pie puts
officers there and ho can change them. If this
bill passes, will he not have the same power?
if there is to be no change, what is the use of
inducing the country to believe that we are
passing a great measure of reconstruction?
The Senator from Nevada a little while ago
said, in discussing this question, that we passed
the civil rights bill twelve months ago, and
that fails to protect anybody. Is that so? I
thought last year that that would be the result;
and 1 said to the Senator from Illinois when
he was pressing it and urging it that it would
amount to nothing. We say civil rights shall
be given to individuals; and we say if the State
courts do not administer justice to the negroes
and the Union men they shall have the right
to appeal to the Federal courts. They have
appealed to the Federal courts ; but we cannot
do away with the right of trial by jury under
the Constitution of the United States. We
insist that the negro shall be a witness in court
under the civil rights bill. That is right; that
right ought to be guarantied ; but how can it
be accomplished ? A case is tried in a south-
ern court—a State court; a negro is brought
forward to testify for one of the parties ; his
testimony is refused ; the case then goes to the
United States court, and the negro testifies
there under the civil rights bill; but how much
