1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
good does it do the man for whom he testifies,
provided the jurors tarn their backs upon the
negro's testimony? That is the truth of the
matter; they do not believe a word he says;
and they discard his testimony in finding a ver-
dict. Then have you remedied the evil; have
you done any good ; have you accomplished
anything? Nothing upon earth; the negro's
testimony is just as valueless as if he had been
incompetent to testify. He is not a credible
witness in the view of those who hear him, and
therefore nothing is accomplished. We have
accomplished very little by the administration
of the civil rights bill; and let me tell you I
know the fact, living in what was once a slave-
holding community, that theparties who thus be-
lieved, believe so still. They have not changed
their minds. Until you reorganize in such a
way as to give each and every individual the
power to protect his own rights, I say recon-
struction wift be a humbug and a failure. It
is useless to tell me that this military power
left in the hands of the President, just where
it is now, is going to accomplish a great deal.
I cannot see it so.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Missouri allow me to call his attention to
the language of the second section of the bill?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. The second section pro-
vides :
That it shall be the duty of the General of the
Army to assign to the command of each said districts
an officer of the Army, &c.
I regard that as an authority given to the
General of the Army, irrespective of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. HENDERSON, Do I understand the
Senator from Michigan to say that General
Grant is superior in his orders to the President
of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I have not said
so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Can he be so made by
law ?
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator wish me
to answer that question?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do, because I am
seeking light.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt that it is
within the competency of Congress, under the
Constitution, in the form of a law, to impose
any duty it may see fit upon any military officer
by name or by rank, and that it is not in the
competency of the President, after the passage
of such a law, to thwart its execution or inter-
fere with its execution in any way.
Mr. HENDERSON. What becomes of the
constitutional provision which declares that the
President of the United States shall be the Com-
niander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a mere rank con-
ferred upon the President.
Mr. HENDERSON. But after the officers
have been assigned by the General of the Army,
has. the President power to issue orders to those
subordinate officers in the districts? I should
like to have an answer to that question.
Mr. HOWARD. Not in a way to thwart the
execution of the orders of the General, upon
whom the whole duty is imposed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, Mr. President,
all I can say is, that the Senator from Michi-
gan and the Senator from Oregon, who has
the control of this bill, differ about the con-
struction of it. If the friends of the measure
differ about it, how are we_ to ascertain what
will be the construction of it. I am no enemy
to the measure. I have not announced any
enmity to it, nor do I say now that I shall not
voie for it. I am seeking light. I want to
know the operation of the measure. I want to
know what it is going to do before I record my
vote in favor of it. I want to know whether
the President will have any authority there
after the passage of this bill; whether General
Grant will issue all orders to the other officers,
or whether the President will issue the orders.
I can state to the Senator from Michigan
what I know to be a fact: that this is not a
palatable measure to the Union men of the
southern States. I understand that some of
the most radical Union men in the southern
States do not desire that it shall be passed. I
understand that Governor Hamilton, of Texas,
a very radical man, is opposed to it. I under-
stand that various others regard it as a very
dangerous measure for the government of the
southern States. I have not conversed with
them; but such I understand to be the fact.
All that I rose for was to ascertain what would
be the construction of it.
Now, if I understand it properly, there is
but one question about it, and that is, the
amendment which the Senator from Oregon
proposed to offer yesterday evening, and which
has been renewed by the Senator from Mary-
land ; and permit me, sir, to congratulate the
Senator from Maryland. Last year, I believe,
he voted against the constitutional amend-
ment; he voted against negro suffrage. Now
he offers an amendment to the pending bill in
favor of negro suffrage and in favor of the con-
stitutional amendment. That is progress. If
the Senator from Maryland can make such an
advance in twelve months, if we would just
hold on, and not be hurried about reconstruct-
ing, in six months from to-day everybody will
be in favor of negro suffrage, pure and unadul-
terated. I know how slow the Senator from
Maryland is in making advances of this char-
acter ; and, by the common rule of three, if
the Senator from Maryland in twelve months
can advance from opposition to the constitu-
tional amendment, and bitter, unrelenting
opposition to negro suffrage in every shape and
form, deeming it to be the overthrow of the
institutions of the Republic, I simply ask how
long will it take other Democratic gentlemen
to march up to that point?
Now, Mr. President, what is the use of has-
tening about thismatter? Everything is doing
well. I know there are wrongs committed in
the southern States, but this measure does not
help the matter at all, as I think I have dem-
onstrated. The Senator from Oregon says it
will not, because the President will have com-
mand of the Army there yet and can issue his
own orders. Then had we not better stop and
undertake to reorganize?
Is this proposition to be eternal? If it is to
govern the southern States by military power
from this day on, then I demur. There is no
proposition to limit it in time exceptthe amend-
ment. Hence the amendment is the bill. The
Senator from Oregon says, do Tiot discuss the
amendment; let us vote on the amendment
and then discuss the bill. I cannot see that
there is anything in the bill except the amend-
ment. That is all there is in it. That looks
to forcing the southern States if they do not
like this measure ; but I do not know but they
will like it. What Senator has the assurance
that the southern States will not take this
measure and be very fond of it; take that as a
government for all time? If it be true that
these Army officers are favorable to the south-
ern people, and if they want to control matters
there in the interest of the rebels and rebel
sympathizers of the southern States, I do not
know that they will demur to it. In all prob-
ability those blandishments and allurements
that were spoken of a little while ago will win
over the Army, and the first thing we know we
shall be as Cromwell was, trying to get rid of
our eleven major generals. Cromwell had a
great deal of difficulty in getting rid of them.
They wanted to set up for themselves. It was
one of the most difficult things Cromwell had
to do, and when he undertook to make him-
self king, his eleven major generals said, You
shall not be king. They did all the acts neces-
sary to make him king; they did mean things
enough to have made either him or anybody
else king ; but they were looking out for them-
selves. Perhaps our major geneials may be
seduced into that position themselves. I can-
not tell. We had better anyhow not be in any
great hurry about this matter. We meet again
on the 4th of March. If the President is not
satisfied with our legislation wc can go on.
The weather is not very warm on the 4th of
March. We can remain here until the 1st of
June, if necessary.
Let us reconstruct properly. When we build
our house the next time let us not build upon
the sands, so that when the winds come and the
rains fall it shall tumble down; let us build
upon the rock. What is that ? Mr. President,
as I said the_ evil has been that the ballot has
been partial in the southern States; it has been
in the hands of a few, and they have controlled
it in their own interest. That was the disease
there was in the body-politie. It brought on
the war; the war is over; and now instead of
going back and remedying the difficulty, we stop
short and send military men down there to
govern, not according to the views of Congress,
but in all probability according to the views of
the President or somebody else. General Grant,
I am told by the Senator from Michigan, is to
have the authority conferred by this bill. I do
not know exactly how General Grant feels. I
should like the Senator from Michigan to in-
form me on that subject. Is General Grant
desirous of carrying out the views of Congress,
or will he carry out the views of the President ?
I should like to have some information on that
subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no authority to
speak for General Grant except that which
arises from his previous history and his honest
and heroic services to the country. Prom this
source of information I feel perfectly authorized
in assuring the Senator from Missouri that U.
S. Grant will do his duty, as he understands it,
faithfully, promptly, and well. Of that neither
he nor any other gentleman need entertain a
doubt.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Michigan tells me that General Grant will do his
duty as he understands it; but does he under-
stand it as I understand it? [Laughter.] Thait
is the practical question.
Mr. BROWN. As Congress understand it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, I understands
as the majority of Congress do.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how Gen-
eral Grant may understand his duty ; but he is
a man of considerable intelligence and perspi-
cacity of intellect, and I shall be entirely con-
tent if General Grant does his duty as he under-
stands it, for I think he will understand it right.
As to whether he will act in accordance with
what the Senator denominates the President's
policy, or in accordance with the policy of
Congress, I have nothing to say.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Michigan is very much mistaken if he sup-
poses I have not as much confidence in the
integrity, the patriotism, and the good judg-
ment of General Grant as he has. No man
has a higher regard for General Grant than
myself. I do not permit anybody to go further
in his estimate of the character and of the ser-
vices of General Grant than myself. But that
is not the question. This is a proposition to
take away the constitutional power of the Pres-
ident, as I understand it, to control the Army
and to put it into the hands of General Grant;
and without knowing exactly how General
Grant is going to govern, I am called upon to
vote immediately, not to discuss the measure
at all, but to haste on and vote at once. I see
no necessity for that thing, and I am not going
to be hurried on into it. I may vote for the
bill, but if I do I must know all the facts and
circumstances surrounding it, and I must know
what sort of control I am going to have after-
ward.
If there is one thing that I desire to see
secured it is that we build aright, and that wo
get a loyal representation from the southern
States here immediately. That is what I want.
I want the Union restored. I do not desire
that this state of affairs shall continue any
longer. It is possible to get loyal men from the
southern States. It is an easy matter. It can
only be done, however, by rooting out the dis-
ease that has existed. What is that disease?
It is that the ballot-box has been in the hands,
as I said before, of but a part of the people.
Now, take it and give it to allj <md then ic^ci \ ©
