"60ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
cent, ad valorem the rate of duty on "hard-
ware, tools, implements," &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I moye to strike out
lines two hundred and eighty-seven, two hun-
dred and eighty-eight, two hundred and eighty-
nine, and two hundred and 'ninety, and then in
line two hundred and-ninety-one to insert " on"
before "all," and- after " machinery" in that
line to strike out "for other purposes" and
insert "not herein otherwise provided for."
The. amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The eighth section of the substitute was nest
read, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
'■of the articles hereinafter enumerated there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say:
On manufactures and wares of gold or silver, or of
which either shall be the component material of
chief value, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On all manufactures of platinum, twenty per cent.
ad valorem,' Provided, That platinum in sheets and
plates and vases or retorts of platinum for chemical
uses sliall be admitted free of duty.
On copper ore, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On regulus of copper, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On copper in pigs, ingots, or bars, four cents per
pound.
On copper sheathing for vessels, forty-eight inches
long, fourteen inches wide, and weighing from four-
teen ounces to thirty-four ounces per square foot,
and yellow metal sheathing, five cents per pound.
On old copper, two cents per pound.
On copper in plates, sheets, rods, pipes, and copper
bottoms, and on all manufactures of copper, or of
which copper shall be a component material of chief
value, not otherwise herein provided for, forty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Pn copper or brass wire-cloth finer than thirty-six
wire? to the running inch, fifty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On brass in pigs and bars, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On brass, old, and fit only to be remanufactured,
fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On brass in plates, sheets, or wire, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem;
On castings of brass or bronze, and on all manu-
factures of or articles of brass or bronze, or of which
brass or bronze shall be a component material of
chief value, not otherwise herein provided for, forty
per cent, ad valorem.
On lead in pigs or bars, two and one half cents per
pound.
On lead ore, one and one half cent per pound.
On old scrap-lead, one and one half cent per pound.
On lead in sheets, pipe, and shot, three cents per
pound,
On all manufactures of lead, not otherwise herein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On pewter, britannia, and all like mixed metals, of
lead or tin, five cents per pound.
On all articles of pewter or britannia, not other-
wise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On ore of antimony, natural, five dollars per ton.
On regulus of antimony, two cents per pound.
On nickel, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On alloy ofnickel with copper,thirty-fiveper cent.
ad valorem.
On nickel matte, speiss, or oxide, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On ores of nickel and on cobalt ores, ten per cent.
ad valorem.
On manufactures of nickel, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On tinned iron, known as tin plates, twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures or articles of tin or of tinned iron,
not otherwise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad
valorem,
On albata or white metal, argentine, German silver,
and the like mixed metals, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On all manufactures of albata, argentine, German
silver, and the like mixed metals, forty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
On zinc, spelter or tcutcnague, in block or pigs,
two cents per pound,
On zinc in sheets, three cents per pound.
On all articles of zinc, not otherwise herein pro-
vided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On all native ores of zinc, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On gold leaf, $1 50 per package of five hundred
leaves; onsilverleaf, seventy-five cents per package
of five hundred leaves.
On types and type metal, thirty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On old typefit only to be remanufactured, two cents
per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the bottom of page
39, line fifty-one of that section, I move to
strike out "fifteen per cent, ad valorem" and
to insert "thirty cents per pound;" so that it
will read:
On nickel, thirty cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr  FESSENDEN. After line fifty-nine I
move to insert the following as a new para-
graph :
On tin in pigs, bars, or blocks, fifteen per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty, after the
word "tin," I move to insert the words ."or
terneso that it will read:
On tinned iron, known as tin or terne plates, twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
The ninth section of the substitute was next
read, as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the day and year aforesaid, in lieuofthe duties
heretofore imposed by law on drugs, dyes, chemicals,
paints, oils, chemical and medicinal preparations,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid the follow-
ing duties., and rates of duty, that is to say:
On acetateof alumina, fivecents per pound; acetate
of ammonia, fifty cents per pound; acetateof baryta,
forty cents per pound; sub-acetate of copper, or ver-
digris, ten cents per pound; crystals of copper, or
distilled verdigris, twenty cents per pound; acetate
of iron, or red liquor, ten cents per pound; acetate
of lead, or sugar of lead, ten cents per pound; acetate
of lime, one and aquartercentperpound; acetateof
magnesia, fifty cents per pound; acetate of potassa,
fifty cents per pound; acetate of soda, of strontia,
and of zinc, fifty-cents per pound.
On acids, namely: on acetic or pyroligneous acid
exceeding the specific gravity of 1.0-40, twenty-five
cents per pound; not exceeding the specific gravity
of 1.040, ten cents per pound; on glacial acetic acid,
solid at temperatures above thirty-two degrees Fah-
renheit. twenty-five cents per pound; on arsenious
acid, a half cent per pound; on benzoic acid, one dol-
lar per pound; on boracic acid, crude, five cents per
pound; on carbolic acid or phenic acid, crude, twenty
per cent, ad valorem,* on carbolic acid or phenic acid,
refined, and on creosote, twenty cents per pound; on
chromic acid, crystallized, sixty cents per pound; on
citric acid, white or yellow, ten cents per pound; on
gallic acid and pyrogallic acid, $1 50 per pound; on
muriatic acid, three cents per pound; on nitric acid,
three cents per pound; on oxalic acid, four cents per
pound; on phosphoric acid and on Prussia acid, twenty
per cent, ad valorem ,• on picric and nitro-picric acids,
and on all dyes and colors made from coal tar, naph-
tha, benzole, or similar products, or of which such
products form a part, and not otherwise herein pro-
vided for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; on sul-
phuric acid or oil of vitriol, one cent per pound; on
fuming sulphuric acid, two cents per pound; on suc-
cinic acid, twenty per cent, ad valorem; on tannic
acid, SI 50 per pound; on tartaric acid, fifteen cents
per pound.
On aconite root, and aconite leaf, ten cents per
pound.
On aconitia and salts of aconitia, $2 50 per ounce.
On albumen, as egg albumen, blood albumen, or
of whatever kind; and on fibrin of whatever kind,
five cents per pound.
On aldehyde, one dollar per pound.
On alkekengi, thirty per cent, ad valorem,
On agaric, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On alkanet root, two cents per pound.
On aloes, four cents per pound.
On all medicinal preparations of aloes, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On alum, alum substitute, and aluminous cake,
sixty cents per one hundred pounds.
On maber, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On carbonate of ammonia, two cents per pound.
On sal ammoniac or muriate of ammonia, one and
ahalf ccntper pound.
On sulphate of ammonia, one cent per pound.
On alcoholic spirits of ammonia, fifty cents per
pound.
On aqua ammonia and all salts^ of ammonia not
otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On aniline dyes and colors, by whatever name
known, and on aniline, thirty-five per cent, ad val-
orem.
On aniso seed, six cents per pound.
On star anise seed, ten cents per pound.
On extract of annatto seed, five cents per pound.
On Hoffman's anodyne and on spirits of nitrous
ether, when of the strength indicated in the United
States Pharmacopoeia, fifty cents per pound.
On anthemis or chamomile, in flowers or otherwise,
three cents per pound.
On crude sulphide of antimony, or crudc antimony,
one cent per pound.
On purified sulphite of antimony, and on alkermes
and kermes mineral, thirty ccnts per pound.
On antimonium, or metallic antimony, two cents
per pound.
On tartrate of antimony and potassa, or tartar
emetic, twenty cents per pound.
On all antimonial preparations not otherwise here-
in provided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On argols or crude tartar, and on brown, gray, or
red tartar, four cents per pound.
On argois, white, or partially refined tartar, six
cents per pound.
On cream of tartar, purified argols, or bitartrate
of potassa,seven cents per pound.
On Armenian bole, fitty per cent, ad valorem.
On arrowroot, six cents per pound.
On arsenic, a half cent per pound.
On all other forms of arsenic, and all arsenical
preparations .not otherwise herein provided for,forty
per cent, ad valorem.
On assafcetida, five cents per pound.
On atropia and salts of atropia, $2 50 per ounce.
On belladonna root and belladonna leaf, ten eents
per pound.
On balsam copaiva or copaiba, twenty cents per
pound.
On balsam tolu, thirty cents per pound.
On Peruvian balsam, and balsams of every descrip-
tion noi otherwise herein provided for,fifty cents per
pound.
On Canadian balsam, ten cents per pound.
[For Peruvian barks, see free list.]
On canella alba, or Winter's bark, pomegranate
bark, and all medicinal barks, crude, not otherwise
herein provided for, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On croton cascarilla bark, and all other barks not
medicinal, crude, and not otherwise herein provided
for, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On baryta, native carbonate and sulphate, or heavy
spar, crude, five dollars per ton.
On sulphate of baryta, prepared, as blanc-fixe,
enamel white, satin white, or by whatever name des-
ignated, three ccnts per pound.
On nitrate of baryta and muriate of baryta, six
cents per pound.
On all salts of baryta not otherwise herein provided
for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On oxide of bismuth, carbonate, subnitrate, and
oxychloride of bismuth, one dollar per pound.
On bitter apples, colocynth, or coloquintida, ten
cents per pound..
On blues, namely, on fig or wash blue, and on all
other blues used for similar purposes, and not other-
wise herein provided for, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On bone black and on animal charcoal of every
description when of ordinary grade and value, one
cent per pound.
On ivory drop black, in cones or in powder, six
cents per pound.
On Frankfort black, six cents per pound.
On spirit black and lampblack, two cents per
pound.
On borax, crude or tincal, and on crude borates
not otherwise herein provided for, three cents per
pound.
On borax, refined, seven cents per pound.
On boracic acid, crude, three cents per pound.
On boracic acid, refined, hydrated, eight cents per
pound; anhydrous, fifteen cents per pound.
On borate of lime, crude, one cent per pound.
On bronze metal or Dutch metal in leaf, and clip-
pings, and on bronze liquid, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On metallic bronze powder and frosting, of all col-
ors, and of whatever material composed, $1 20 per
pound.
On bromine, forty cents per pound.
On bromide of potassium and of sodium, sixty-five
cents per pound.
On all salts and preparations of bromine not other-
wise herein provided for, thirty per cent, advalorem.
On calamus, or flag-root, five cents per pound.
On calomel, twenty cents per pound.
Oncorrosivesublimate,cyanide and iodide of mer-
cury, red oxide of mercury, red precipitate, and all
salts and preparations of mercury not otherwise
herein provided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On mercury or quicksilver, eight cents per pound.
On vermiliion or prepared cinnabar, and other pre-
pared sulphides of mercury, twenty cents per pound.
On cinnabar ore, or other native ores of mercury,
ten percent, ad valorem.
On camphor, crude, fifteen cents per pound.
On camphor, refined, twenty-three centsperpound.
On cantharides, or Spanish flies, fifty cents per
pound.
On carmine, in all forms, and carmine lake, dry
or liquid, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all prepared or manufactured chalk, as whiting-,
Paris white, or under whatever niime or form, dry,
one cent per pound; ground iff oil, five cents per
pound.
On red chalk, and French chalk or talc, three cents
per pound.
On Vienna chalk and on Vienna lime, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
On ail native ores of cobalt, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On cobalt and on oxide of cobalt, twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
On smalts, zaffre, cobalt blue, and all like prepara-
tions of cobalt, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On cocculus indicus, ten cents per pound.
On conium, cicuta, or hemlock, seed and leaf, ten
cents per pound.
On cubebs, ten cents per pound.
On euttle-fi&h bone, five cents per pound.
On crocus powder, crocus martis, colcotbar, pur-
ple, brown, Indian red, and all like oxides of iron,
fivecents per pound.
On cumin or cumin-seed, fivo cents per pound.
On clay, China clay, pipe clay, fire clay, and kao-
line, five dollais per ton.
On Puller's earth, three dollars per ton.
On clay prepared as satin white or lily white, five
cents per pound.
On chloroform, or chloric ether, fifty cents per
pound.
On collodion, liquid or solid, and on gun-cotton,
$1 50 per pound.
On Colombo root, four cents per pounl.
On Colonse water, or other perfumery of which
alcohol forms tho ingredient ot' chief value, three
dollars per gallon, and, in addition thereto, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
On copperas, or sulphate of iron, ahalf of acex&
per pound.
On sulphate of copper, blue or Roman vitriol, or
blue stone, three cents per pound.
