1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the power to Congress to determine whether
the members shall be admitted when they come
here or not. Let us try that rather than try a
doubtful expedient. When we try that and it
fails, then I shall not say a word about recon-
struction again, but will let other gentlemen
control it; I will git perfectly still and never
undertake to control the ctuestion of recon-
struction again.
I insist, however—I did insist twelve months
ago—upon theadoption of an amendment which
would have made suffrage equal to everybody.
If that had been adopted, my friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixon] would have been com-
pelled to go for negro suffrage in Connecticut,
and the southern people would have taken it,
and they would take it to-day peaceably and
willingly, provided they thought that our north-
ern friends were in earnest in insisting upon
their taking it; but they do not believe it.
Connecticut votes it down by every county
except one in the State; various other States
in the North vote it down; and the southern
people say, "Why do you insist that we shall
adopt negro suffrage when you yourselves
refuse it and reject it." It has been said, and
said very properly, that to raise a child in
the way it should go it is necessary to travel
the way a little yourself; and in order to in-
duce the southern people to adopt negro suf-
frage, to which they have just as little objec-
tion, in my opinion, as a great many of the
northern people, it will be well for the northern
people to adopt it for themselves. Hence I
want to make it as broad as the Union; adopt
it by constitutional amendment; make it appli-
cable to South Carolina and Connecticut; make
it applicable to my own State. We shall adopt
it this winter anyhow in the State of Missouri;
there is no doubt about that; but let us show
our faith by our works and make it broad and
universal, make it apply to every State in the
Union. Then the South cannot regard it as a
reflection upon their loyalty to the Union ; they
cannot regard it as an insult to them because
it is taken by ourselves; it is received by us all.
But, Mr. President, even though we do not
accept it for ourselves, I yet believe it is the
true plan of reconstruction, and that wo should
proceed to the establishment of civil govern-
ments of some sort in the southern States; and
if' it becomes necessary to use the Army in
order to prevent outbreaks against the author-
ity of that civil government which we estab-
lish, 1 am willing to go to that extent. What
else do you want.? Is there anything else-
needed? Let us first establish civil govern-
ment, and then let us declare that any opposi-
tion to that civil government that wo establish
there shall be suppressed by the military, and
[ will go to any extent necessary in tho use of
military power to put down, opposition to the
governments which we establish. That, in my
judgment, is the proper way of reaching this
thing, and I rose merely for the purpose of
ascertaining how we stood.
Now, sir, the pending amendment proposes
that this military government, when estab-
lished. shall cease to exist whenever tho south-
ern people adopt tho constitutional amend-
ment and adopt negro suffrage. As I said, that
is all there is in it, and 1 shall vote for the
amendment, not that it accomplishes what I
want to accomplish; but I shall vote for the
amendment, and when the amendment is put
on, that is all the bill. There is not a thing in it
except that. That ceases to be effectivc'fhat
will not effectuate my desires on tho subject,
because if the southern people say, " Rather
than adopt negro suffrage we will take military
government," we have accomplished nothing;
we have^ not reorganized, and still we go on,
one half the Union governing themselves and
the other half.
Mr. President, I desire soon to see recon-
struction. I desire to see it upon a proper
basis. I am willing to use civil power, and I
want to use that first, because I have my fears
of military power. It ought to be resorted to
in times of peace as little as possible. Let us
resort to the machinery of courts of justice
where the laws of the land are administered
rather than to the mere dictates of a military
commander, and then if the civil power ceases
to be effectual in the protection of civil rights
let us resort to the military. That is a last
resort, the dernier resort. It is a resort never
to be used until all other means of effecting
justice among men shall have proved unavail-
ing. I have said all I desire to say.
Mr. YATES. I do not understand the force
of the argument of the Senator from Missouri,
nor do I see the pertinency of his question.
If we suppose that the power is in the hands
of the President, that he being Commander-in-
Chief of the Army can control all generals
under his authority, does it follow that we may
not impose upon him, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, the obligation by law
to do his duty? Suppose he shall appoint
some generals who are disloyal; suppose he
shall appoint all generals who are disloyal;
suppose he shall not assist Congress at all in
the execution of this law, in the protection of
the loyal citizens of the South, does it follow
that we shall not impose upon him the duty to
give that protection ?
Sir, I conceive it to be the duty of the Sen-
ator when, for the reason he has stated, he
opposes this plan, the only plan that the com-
mittee has been able after long discussion and
thorough investigation to decide upon, to give
to the Senate a better plan. If you take the
ground that the President of the United States
is to exercise this authority, and that he is the
only person to exercise it, how else are we to
have protection in the South or anywhere unless
we impose upon the Commander-in-Chief the
duty of giving that protection ? Is it a fact—
the Senator will not deny it—that all over the
South now the civil tribunals refuse and fail to
give protection to the loyal citizens? And, sir,
will you hesitate to say that the President of the
United States, by virtue of the authority con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution of the
United States, shall give that protection under
the law? If he fails to do it, then there is
another question. He is not so supreme, his
power is not so unrestricted and unlimited
that he is not answerable for an abuse of the
power or the privileges that have been con-
ferred upon him. Is it a fact that murders
and persecutions of loyal men prevail all over
tho South ? Is it a fact that your civil courts
fail and refuse to give protection, and that no
convictions are found upon indictments when
they are presented ?
Mr. HENDERSON. _ I desire to ask the
Senator, with his permission, if it is not the
duty of the President now, through the Army
of the United States, to give protection to the
people of the South?
Mr. YATES. It is immaterial as to that
question. If it is his duty he should do it.
If he lias not power under the law of Congress
or under the laws of the United States to do
it we should confer upon him that power.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator, I should like to have him point
me to the clause of this bill which requires the
President to change his course of conduct in
the southern States in any particular.
Mr. YATES. This bill requires the Pres-
ident to appoint these officers. It is entirely
immaterial to the point which I am making
whether the President has the power to say to
the subordinate officer of General Grant that
he shall not do what General Grant lias com-
manded him to do. The Congress of the
United States says that the President shall do
his duty ; he shall give this protection as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy. If
he fails to give it, then there is another ques-
tion ; then Congress still has the power in its
own hands.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator, because I am seeking light,
I desire to ask him another question. I sup-
pose the third section of the bill is the one to
which lie alludes:
That it shall be the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of
person and property, to suppress insurrection, dis-
order, and Violence, &c.
I desire to ask him this question: if he were
a,party in one of the courts in the State of
Virginia, and he offered a negro as a witness
in the case, and the court would not receive
the testimony, would it be the duty of the
officer' in command to force the court to
receive the testimony of the negro, and if the
jury would not believe the testimony of the ,
negro after it was given in, would it be the duty
of the officer to compel the jury to believe it and
return a verdict in accordance therewith?
Mr. YATES. I understand that this is an
extraordinary proceeding; I understand that
it is a summary proceeding which arises from
the exigencies of the hour and of the day.
I understand that protection is refused the
loyal people of the South; and now I under-
stand this bill to confer upon the President,
or upon the officer who is appointed by the
President, the extraordinary power, if in his
judgment he shall deem it right and best and
necessary to the protection of the citizen, to
organize a military commission. The civil
court refuses to perform its duty. Congress
says if the civil court refuses to perform its
duty then the officer in command shall organ-
ize a military commission, and that that com-
mission shall give a fair trial and protection to
the loyal citizens.
But, Mr. President, this is the military part
of our plan of reconstruction. We must take
it in connection with the other bill which is
pending. We cannot control the President as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy;
but there is one thing wo can do and do do in
tho other bill; that is, we say that the Pres-
ident shall appoint no Governor, he shall ap-
point no officer who is not loyal to the Union,
who has been engaged in the war against the
Union, who will not take the test oath. Now,
sir, take that bill in connection with this and
the plan of the Committee on Reconstruction
and we have the two bills giving the protec-
tion which is necessary.
I will say one word as to the amendment
before I close my remarks. I hope that we
shall be unanimous in favor of this amend-
ment. It is not proper to refer to the other
House, as has been stated, but I have no doubt
that this amendment will give strength to this
bill in the other House and everywhere. Why,
sir, this amendment only says that when the
South has done all that we require, when these
rebel States have done all that we require of
them, when they have adopted the constitu-
tional amendment, when they have declared
in favor of universal suffrage, when they have
called constitutional conventions, and in their
constitutions have declared in favor of uni-
versal suffrage, when Congress has ratified the
proceedings of those constitutional conven-
tions, when they have acceded to all the terms
that we require, when they have done every-
thing which we think is necessary, then this mil-
itary rule shall cease. That is right, sir. When
they are admitted as States into this Union,
when they have State sovereignty, when they
have all their courts in operation, when they
are independent States, as independent as the
State ot New York or Illinois, then there
should be no military protection and no mili-
tary authorities in those States which we would
not have in the free States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word.
I have been reproved, as it seems, by nearly
every Senator who has spoken on the subject
for an allusion to the other House. If I have
violated any rule of the Senate, I hope I shall
be excused on account of my inexperience ;
but it so happens that I have heard, I presume,
more than twenty times during this session the
same argument. No longer ago than yester-
day the Senator from Iowa [Mr. GbimesJ
argued against an amendment to a proposed
bill which he had in charge, because to adopt
the amendment would compel the bill to go
back to the House, and the situation of affairs
was such in the House that the bill would not
be adopted. Nobody complained of that; but
