1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
simply because I have undertaken to say here
that the business was so jammed together in
the House that it would be difficult to pass this
bill with amendments, honorable Senators are
exceedingly excited, and think that I have vio-
lated the rules of the Senate. If I have, I
hope to be excused.
Mr. President, I move that the Senate, take
a recess until seven o'clock, and I wish to say
that I expect to proceed with this bill to-night
until there is a final vote upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be remembered that
a few days ago the Senate ordered that this
evening should be set aside for the prosecution
of business relating to patents. The Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] who is the
chairman of that committee, is now absent,
and I believe that the Senator from Indiana
and myself are the only remnants of the com-
mittee on the floor. I do not want to interfere
with this bill; and with the permission of the
Senate, therefore, I will move that next Wed-
nesday evening 
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; there will be time
enough to fix an evening.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from West
Virginia is absent, I think it is due to him that
he should have some day fixed, so that he shall
stand exactly in the same position as he does
now. If the Senator from Oregon will with-
draw his motion I will say Wednesday or
Thursday evening.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. Senators suggest Wednes-
day evening, and I will name that time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It is moved that Wednesday
evening next at seven o'clock be assigned for
the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I expected that my
colleague would have been here before the
session of the Senate this morning, and it is
entirely probable that he will be here before
seven o'clock. He has gone out a distance on
the railroad, and probably missed the morning
train, and will take the afternoon train, which
will bring him to the depot about six o'clock.
It was not his intention when he left to be
absent to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am a little surprised
at the announcement of the Senator from Ore-
gon, that he expects to press this bill to a vote
to-night. It is extraordinary that a bill of this
kind, that proposes to establish a military des-
potism over eight million people and a country
larger than England, Prance, and Spain com-
bined, is to be pressed to a vote in this Senate
the first day it is taken up for consideration
I say I am surprised that the Senator from
Oregon should make an announcement like
that. I for one have no purpose to delay a
vote on this bill; but, sir, this bill must receive
a fair and reasonable discussion, and gentle-
men must have a fair and a reasonable time
for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. They shall have it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator on my
left says they shall have it. How can they
have it if the Senator who has the bill in
charge, on the very first day it is introduced
here, undertakes to announce to the Senate,
as by authority, and as having charge of the
bill, "that it will be pressed to a vote to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have often heard that
notice given.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know the Senator
has heard the notice given often enough. I
do not object, when a day or two or three days
have been spent in the discussion of an im-
portant measure, if the Senator having charge
of the bill announces that he intends to bring
it to a vote. It is proper to bring a bill to a
vote when it ha3 had a reasonable discussion.
But, sir, on this subject there area good many
gentlemen who desire to be heard, and they
do not propose either to be compelled to be
driven into this night, and the late hours of
the night, in the discussion of such a measure.
Sir, no such proposition has ever been made
before in a civilized nation for six hundred
years; and gentlemen must understand that
it is a measure upon which we cannot speak
in a single moment and give utterance to all
that we desire to say. We expect a full, free,
open discussion of this great question before
it comes to a vote in this body; for, though
military despotism may be established from
the other side of the Potomac to the Rio
Grande it has not yet come this side of that
river. We are not compelled for our freedom
here, nor- is the citizen compelled, if he
applies for a habeas corpus, even to the Chief
Justice of the United States to ask the per-
mission of some little lieutenant, dressed in a
uniform with a strap on his shoulder.
Mr. President, so far as this measure is con-
cerned, I, for one, shall speak with that free-
dom and earnestness with which I always speak
upon great measures. While I question not the
sincerity of other men I shall give utterance to
what I feel, to what I think, and, if I have the
power, to all that abhorrence which I feel for
this proposition, which, of itself, if it be carried
out, is the death-knell of the Republic.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the question now
before the Senate is on setting aside Wednes-
day evening next for the Committee on Patents.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on assigning Wednesday evening next
for the consideration of business from the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the Sen-
ate take a recess till seven o'clock, for the
purpose of finishing this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that no un-
fairness is desired; I cannot presume that any
Senator would wish to do a thing that is not
fair and right. I wish to say something to the
Senate on this bill. I would have been per-
fectly willing to do so this afternoon had I
been well enough to do it and had I been pre-
pared. But this bill has been printed only a
day, and it was not very long before the House,
so as to enable us to become very fully informed
about it. Mr. President, if there was but one
in this body opposed to it, it would be manly to
five that one man an opportunity to express
is views. If the measure will not bear argu-
ment, then let it be passed in the dark hours
of the night. I think it is becoming, when
despotism is established in this free land, that
the best blood that ever ran in mortal veins
was shed to make free, that that despotism
shall be established when the sun does not
shed its bright light upon the earth. It is a
work for darkness and not for light.
I ask, simply as a member of this Senate,
that I shall be allowed to address it upon this
great question when the opportunity is fair and
equal and right. If Senators say we shall come
here and speak when Senators have refused to
come at night-time because their health is
endangered by it, I shall submit and will say
what I can. I am not prepared to speak now
upon it. I ask another day for the minority.
However small that minority may be they
ought to be heard. This question thus far has
been discussed by the friends of the measure.
The Senator from Nevada has occupied much
of the time to-day; the Senator from Oregon
has been heard; the Senator from Michigan
has been heard; the Senator from Missouri
has been heard. Not one man belonging to
what is known as the minority here has been
heard upon the bill at all. Are we. then, to
come in the night-time to discuss this meas-
ure? I say it is not just; it is not right. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. -President—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am aware of that. I
only wish to correct a remark I think made
inadvertently by the Senator from Indiana, and
I ask him to withdraw his motion for a moment
to enable me to do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; if the Sen-
ator wishes to make a remark I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is the right ef every
Senator^to be heard upon every question that
comes in this Hall. There is no previous
question here ; and it is against all past prac-
tice of the Senate to make compacts as to
when a bill shall be disposed of, or even an
affirmation as to when a debate shall be closed.
Every Senator has a right to a proper hearing
on this floor, and to a full hearing. So it has
always been adjudged; and whatever may be
announced by the Senator from Oregon, who
is in charge of tjiis bill, whatever may be sug-
gested from other quarters, I think it my duty
to discuss this important question. I shall
demand it as a right that I shall be heard in
the Senate. I came here as a Senator author-
ized to be heard upon all great pending ques-
tions, and that is the case with all other Sen-
ators here. I expect that this question will
be discussed fully.
Now, as to the meeting to-night, I do not
like to come to a night session, but still if it
is desirable to urge on the argument to an
early conclusion, I do not object to that; but
I insist still that the discussion shall be per-
fectly unembarrassed by any understanding
with regard to when the debate shall close.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not see any ne-
cessity for all this excitement on the part of
the Senator from Indiana. He says he is .not
well enough to speak to-night. If he expects
to speak with more energy to-morrow, he cer-
tainly will be in better health than I ever knew
him to be. He speaks earnestly and well this
afternoon, and no doubt might proceed most
elegantly now.
But he talks about establishing a despotism,
and gets into a perfect fret about it. Why, sir,
the southern States have presented nothing but
a despotism for the last six years. During the
rebel rule it was a despotism; the veriest des-
potism ever established upon earth; and since
the rebel rule ceased the President of the Uni-
ted States certainly has governed the southern
States without ever consulting Congress on the
subject. If Congress has ever been consulted
I am not aware of it. They have been gov-
erned. General Sickles set aside all the legis-
lation of South Carolina; General Terry set
aside a large portion of the legislation of Vir-
ginia ; General Grant, if I am not very much
mistaken, issued orders here to control the civil
rights of citizens in the several States, and I
heard no complaint about it. I believe I made
some complaint here about twelve months ago ;
but I think, so far as the gentlemen of the
Democratic party are concerned, they never
raised a voice against this despotism. I have
heard nothing about it.
Now, so far as this measure is concerned,
I for one desire that these Senators should be
heard ; and inasmuch as we have no previous
question, inasmuch as we cannot cut off debate,
1 can assure the Senator from Indiana that he
shall be heard; and if he shall be too sick to-
morrow, I for one shall give him an opportu-
nity on Monday, if I can.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o' clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly, at sixteen .minutes to five o'clock,
took a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'cloekp. m.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of em-
ployers and operatives engaged in the manu-
facture of hardware, praying the removal of
the five per cent, internal revenue tax on man-
ufactures ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Louis i.
