1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
tifications on the coast and frontier have received
or are being prepared tor more powerful arma-
ments ; lake surveys and harbor and river im-
provements are in course of energetic prose-
cution. Preparations have been made for the
payment of the additional bounties authorized
during the recent session of Congress, under
such regulations as will protect the Government
from fraud, and secure to the honorably dis-
charged soldier the well-earned reward of his
faithfulness and gallantry. More than six thou-
sand maimed soldiers have received artificial
limbs or other surgical apparatus; and forty-
one national cemeteries, containing the remains
of one hundred and four thousand five hundred
and twenty-six Union soldiers, have already
been established. The total estimate of mili-
tary appropriations is $25,205,669.
It is stated in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy that the naval force at this time con-
sists of two hundred and seventy-eight vessels,
armed with two thousand three hundred and fifty-
one guns. Of these, one hundred and fifteen
vessels, carrying one thousand and twenty-nine
guns, are in commission, distributed chiefly
among seven squadrons. The number of men
in the service is thirteen thousand six hundred.
Great activity and vigilance have been displayed
by all the squadrons, and their movements have
been judiciously and efficiently arranged in such
manner as would best promote American com-
merce and protect the rights and interests of
our countrymen abroad. The vessels unem-
ployed are undergoing repairs, or are laid up
until their services may be required. Most of
the iron-clad fleet is at League Island, in the
vicinity of Philadelphia, a place which, until
decisive action should be taken by Congress,
was selected by the Secretary of the Navy as
the most eligible location for that class of ves-
sels. It is important that a suitable public
station should be provided for the iron-clad
fleet. It is intended that these vessels shall be
in proper condition for any emergency, and it
is desirable that the bill accepting League
Island for naval purposes, which passed the
House of Representatives at its last session,
should receive final action at an early period,
in order that there may be a suitable public
station for this class of vessels, as well as a
navy-yard of area sufficient for the wants of
the service, on the Delaware river. The naval
pension fund amounts to $11,750,000, having
been increased $2,750,000 during the year. The
expenditures of the Department for the fiscal
year ending 30th June last were $43,324,526,
and the estimates for the coming year amount
to $23,568,436. Attention is invited to the
condition of our seamen, and the importance
of legislative measures for their relief and im-
provement. The suggestions in behalf of this
deserving class of our fellow-citizens are ear-
nestly recommended to the favorable attention
of Congress.
The report of the Postmaster General pre-
sents a most satisfactory condition of the postal
service, and submits recommendations which
deserve the consideration of Congress. The
revenues of the Department for the year end-
ing June 30, 1866, were $14,386,986, and the
expenditures $15,352,079, showing an excess
of the latter of $965,093. In anticipation of
his deficiency, however, a special appropria-
tion was made by Congress in the act approved
July 28, 1866. Including the standing appro-
priation of $700,000 for free mail matter, as a
legitimate portion of the revenues yet remaining
unexpended, the actual deficiency for the past
year is only $265,093 — a sum within $51,141
of the amount estimated in the annual report
of 1864. The decrease of revenue compared
with the previous year was one and one fifth per
cent., and the increase of expenditures, owing
principally to the enlargement of the mail ser-
vice in the South, was twelve per cent. On
the 30th of June last tb're were in operation
six thousand nine huiured and thirty mail
routes, with an aggregate length of one hun-
dred and eighty thousand nine hundred and
twenty-one miles, an aggregate annual trans-
portation of seventy-one million eight hundred
and thirty-seven thousand nine hundred and
fourteen miles, and an aggregate annual cost,
including all expenditures, of $8,410,184. The
length of railroad routes is thirty-two thousand
and ninety-two miles, and the annual transporta-
tion thirty million six hundred and nine thousand
four hundred and sixty-seven miles. The length
of steamboat routes is fourteen thousand three
hundred and forty-six miles, and the annual
transportation three million four hundred and
eleven thousand nine hundred and sixty-two
miles. The mail service is rapidly increasing
throughout the whole country, and its steady
extension in the southern States indicates their
constantly improving condition. The growing
importance of the foreign service also merits
attention. The Post Office Department of
Great Britain and our own have agreed upon
a preliminary basis for a new postal conven-
tion, which it is believed will prove eminently
beneficial to the commercial interests of the
United States, inasmuch as it contemplates a
reduction of the international letter postage to
one half the existing rates; a reduction of post-
age with all other countries to and from which
correspondence is transmitted in the British
mail, or in closed mails through the United
Kingdom; the establishment of uniform and
reasonable charges for the sea and territorial
transit of correspondence in closed mails; and
an allowance to each Post Office Department
of the right to use all mail communications es-
tablished under the authority of the other for
the dispatch of correspondence, either in open
1 or closed mails, on the same terms as those
applicable to the inhabitants of the country
providing the means of transmission.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
exhibits the condition of those branches of the
public service which are committed to his su-
pervision. During the last fisoal year 4,629,312
acres of public land were disposed of, 1,802,516
acres of which were entered under the home-
stead act. The policy originally adopted rela-
tive to the public lands has undergone essential
modifications. Immediate revenue, and not
their rapid settlement, was the cardinal feature
of our land system. Long experience and earnest
discussion have resulted in the conviction that
the early development of our agricultural re-
sources, and the diffusion of an energetic popu-
lation over our vast territory, are objects of far
greater importance to the national growth and
prosperity than the proceeds of the sale of the
land to the highest bidder in open market. The
preemption laws confer upon the pioneer who
complies with the terms they impose the priv-
ilege of purchasing a limited portion of "un-
offered lands" at the minimum price. The
homestead enactments relieve the settler from
the payment of purchase money, and secure
him a permanent home, upon the condition of
residence for a term of years. This liberal
policy invites emigration from the Old and from
the more crowded portions of the New World.
Its propitious results are undoubted, and will
be more signally manifested when time shall
have given to it a wider development.
Congress has made liberal grants of public
land to corporations in aid of the construction
of railroads and other internal improvements.
Should this policy hereafter prevail, more strin-
gent provisions will be required to secure a
faithful application of the fund. The title to
the lands should not pass, by patent or other-
wise, but remain in the Government and sub-
ject to its control until some portion of the
road has been actually built. Portions of t.hem
might then, from time to time, be conveyed to
the corporation, but never in a greater ratio to
the whole quantity embraced by the grant than
the completed parts bear to the entire length
of the projected improvement. This restriction
would not operate to the prejudice of any un-
dertaking conceived in good faith and executed
with reasonable energy, as it is the settled prac-
tice to withdraw from market the lands falling
within the operation of such grauts, and thus
to exclude the inception of a subsequent adverse
right. A breach of the conditions which Con-
gress may deem proper to impose should work
a forfeiture of claim to the lands so withdrawn
but uneonveyed, and of title to the lands con-
veyed which remain unsold.
"Operations on the several lines of the Pacific
railroad have been prosecuted with unexam-
pled vigor and success. Should no unforeseen
causes of delay occur, it is confidently antici-
pated that this great thoroughfare will be com-
pleted before the expiration of the period des-
ignated by Congress.
During the last fiscal year the amount paid
to pensioners, including the expenses of dis-
bursement, was $13,459,996; and fifty thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-seven names
were added to the pension-rolls. The entire
number of pensioners, June 30, 1806, was one
hundred and twenty-six thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-two. This fact furnisher mel-
ancholy and striking proof of the sacrifices
made to vindicate the constitutional authority
of the Federal Government and to maintain
j inviolate the integrity of the Union. They
impose upon us corresponding obligations. It
is estimated that, $33,000,000 will be required
to meet the exigencies of this branch of the
service during the next fiscal year.
Treaties have been concluded with the In-
dians who, enticed into armed opposition to
our Government at the outbreak of the rebel-
lion, have unconditionally submitted to our
authority, and manifested an earnest desire
for a renewal of friendly relations.
During the year ending September 30, 1S66,
eight thousand seven hundred and sixteen pat-
ents for useful inventions and designs wore
issued, and at that date the balance in the
Treasury to the credit of the patent fund was
$228,297.
As a subject upon which depends an im-
mense amount of the production and commerce
of the country, I recommend to Congress such
legislation as may be necessary for the preser-
vation of the levees of the Mississippi river.
It is a matter of national importance that early
steps should be taken, not only to add to the
efficiency of these barriers against destructive
inundations, but for the removal of all obstruc-
tions to the free and safe navigation of that
great channel of trade and commerce.
The District of Columbia, under existing
laws, is not entitled to that representation in
the national councils which, from our earliest
history, has been uniformly accorded to each
Territory established from time to time within
our limits. It maintains peculiar relations to
Congress, to whom the Constitution has granted
the power of exercising exclusive legislation
over the seat of Government. Our fellow-
citizens residing in the District, whoso interests
arc thus confided to the spccial guardianship
of Congress, exceed in number the population
of several of our Territories, and no just reason
is perceived why a Delegate of their choice
should not be admitted to~a seat in the House
of Representatives. No mode seems so appro-
priate and effectual of enabling them to make
known their peculiar condition and wants, and
of securing the local legislation adapted to
them. I therefore recommend the passage of
a, law authorizing the electors of the District
of Columbia to choose a Delegate, to be al-
lowed the same rights and privileges as a Dele-
gate representing a Territory. The increasing
enterprise and rapid progress of improvement
in the District are highly gratifying, and I trust
that the efforts of the municipal authorities to
promote the prosperity of the national metrop-
olis will receive the efficient and generous coop-
eration of Congress. .
The report of the Commissioner of Agricult-
ure reviews the operations of his Department
during the past year, and asks the aid of Con-
