APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Message of the President.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
gress in its efforts to encourage those States
which, scourged by war. are now earnestly
engaged in the reorganization of domestic
industry.
It is a subject of congratulation that no for-
eign combinations against our domestic peace
and safety, or our legitimate influence among
the nations, have been formed or attempted.
While sentiments of reconciliation, loyalty, and
patriotism have increased at home, a more just
consideration of our national character and
rights has been manifested by foreign nations.
The entire success of the Atlantic telegraph
between the coast of Ireland and the Province
of Newfoundland, is an achievement which has
been justly celebrated in both hemispheres as
the opening of an era in the progress of civili-
zation. There is reason to expect that equal
success will attend, and even greater results
follow, the enterprise for connecting the two
continents through the Pacific ocean, by the
projected line of telegraph between lvam-
schatka and the Russian possessions in Amer-
ica.
The resolution of Congress protesting against
pardons by foreign Governments of persons
convicted of infamous offenses, on condition of
emigration to our country, has been commu-
nicated to the States with which we maintain
intercourse, and the practice, so justly the
subject of complaint on our part, has not
been renewed.
The congratulations of Congress to the Em-
perorof Russia, upon his escape from attempted
assassination, have been presented to that hu-
mane and enlightened ruler, and received by
him with expressions of grateful appreciation.
The Executive, warned of an attempt by
Spanish-American adventurers to induce the
emigration of freedmen of the United States to
a foreign country, protested against the project
as one which, if consummated, would reduce
them to a bondage even more oppressive than
that from which they have just been relieved.
Assurance has been received from the Govern-
ment of the State in which the plan was ma-
tured, that the proceeding will meet neither its
encouragement nor approval. It is a question
worthy of your consideration whether our laws
upon this subject are adequate to the preven-
tion or punishment of the crime thus meditated.
In the month of April last, as Congress is
aware, a friendly arrangement was made be-
tween the Emperor of France and the Presi-
dent of the United States for the withdrawal
from Mexico of the French expeditionary mili-
tary forces. This withdrawal was to be effected
in three detachments, the first of which, it was
understood, would leave Mexico in November,
now past, the second in March next, and the
third and last in November, 1867. Immedi-
ately upon the completion of the evacuation,
the French Government was to assume the
same attitude of non-intervention, in regard to
Mexico, as is held by the Government of the
United States. Repeated assurances have been
given by the Emperor, since that agreement,
that he would complete the promised evacua-
tion within the period mentioned, or sooner.
It was reasonably expected that the proceed-
ings thus contemplatea would produce a crisis
of great political interest in the republic of
Mexico. The newly-appointed minister of the
United States, Mr. Campbell, was therefore
sent forward, on the 9th day of November last,
to assume his proper functions as minister
plenipotentiary of the United States to that
republic. It was also thought expedient that
he should be attended in the vicinity of Mexico
by the Lieutenant General of the Army of the
United States, with the view of obtaining such
information as might be important to determine
the course to be pursued by the United States
in reestablishing and maintaining necessary and
proper intercourse with the republic of Mex-
ico. Deeply interested in the cause of liberty
and humanity, it seemed an obvious duty on
our part to exercise whatever influence we
possessed f6r the restoration and permanent
establishment in that country of a domestic
and republican form of government.
Such was the condition of affairs in regard
to Mexico, when, on the 22d of November last,
official information was received from Paris
that the Emperor of France had some time
before decided not to withdraw a detachment
of his forces in the month of November past,
according to engagement, but that this decision
was made with the purpose of withdrawing the
whole of those forces in the ensuing spring.
Of this determination, however, the United
States had not received any notice or inti-
mation; and, so soon as the information was
received by the Government, care was taken
to make known its dissent to the Emperor
of France.
I cannot forego the hope that France will
reconsider the subject, and adopt some resolu-
tion in regard to the evacuation of Mexico
which will conform as nearly as practicable
with the existing engagement, and thus meet
the just expectations of the United States.
The papers relating to the subject will be laid
before you. It is believed that, with the evac-
uation of Mexico by the expeditionary forces,
no subject for serious differences between
France and the United States would remain.
The expressions of the Emperor and people
of France warrant a hope that the tradition-
ary friendship between the two countries might
in that case be renewed and permanently
restored.
A claim of a citizen of the United States for
indemnity for spoliations committed on the
high seas by the French authorities, in the
exercise of a belligerent power against Mexico,
has been met by the Government of France
with a proposition to defer settlement until a
mutual convention for the adjustment of all
claims of citizens and subjects of both coun-
tries, arising out of the recent wars on this
continent, shall be agreed upon by the two
countries. The suggestion is not deemed
unreasonable, but it belongs to Congress to
direct the manner in which claims for indem-
nity by foreigners, as well as by citizens of the
United States, arising out of the late civil war,
shall be adjudicated and determined. I have
no doubt that the subject of all such claims
will engage your attention at a convenient and
proper time.
It is a matter of regret that no considerable
advance has been made toward an adjustment
of the differences between the United States
and Great Britain, arising out of the depreda-
tions upon our national commerce and other
trespasses committed during our civil war by
British subjects, in violation of international
law and treaty obligations. The delay, how-
ever, may be believed to have resulted in no
small degree from the domestic situation of
Great Britain. An entire change of ministry
occurred in that country during the last session
of Parliament. The attention of the new min-
istry was called to the subject at an early day,
and there is some reason to expect that it will
now be considered in a becoming and friendly
spirit. The importance of an early disposition
of the question cannot be exaggerated. What-
ever might be the wishes of the two Govern-
ments, it is manifest tliatgood-will and friend-
ship between the two countries cannot be
established until a reciprocity, in the practice
of good faith and neutrality, shall be restored
between the respective nations.
On the Cth of June last, in violation of our
neutrality laws, a military expedition and en-
terprise against the British North American
colonies was projected and attempted to be
carried on within the territory and jurisdiction
of the United States. In obedience to the ob-
ligation imposed upon the Executive by the
Constitution, to see that the laws are faithfully
executed, all citizens were warned, by procla-
mation, against taking part in or aiding such
unlawful proceedings, and the proper civil,
military, and naval officers were directed to
take all necessary measures for the enforce-
ment of the laws. The expedition failed, but it
has not been without its painful consequences.
Some of our citizens who, it was alleged, were
engaged in the expedition, were captured, and
have been brought to trial, as for a capital of-
fense, in the Province of Canada. Judgment
and sentence of death have been pronounced
against some, while others have been acquitted.
Fully believing in the maxim of government,
that severity of civil punishment for misguided
persons who have engaged in revolutionary
attempts which have disastrously failed, is un-
sound and unwise, such representations have
been made to the British Government, in be-
half of the convicted persons, as, being sus-
tained by an enlightened and humane judg-
ment, will, it is hoped, induce in their cases
an exercise of clemency, and a judicious am-
nesty to all who were engaged in the move-
ment. Counsel has been employed by the
Government to defend citizens of the United
States on trial for capital offenses in Canada;
and a discontinuance of the prosecutions which
were instituted in the courts of the United
States against those who took part in the
expedition has been directed.
I have regarded the expedition .as not only
political in its nature, but as also in a great
measure foreign from the United States in its
causes, character, and objects. The attempt
was understood to be made in sympathy with
an insurgent party in Ireland, and, by striking
at a British province on this continent, was
designed to aid in obtaining redress for politi-
cal grievances which, it was assumed, the peo-
ple of Ireland had suffered at the hands of the
British Government during a period of several
centuries. The persons engaged in it were
chiefly natives of that country, some of whom
had, while others had not, become citizens of
the United States underf pur general laws of
naturalization. Complaints of misgovernment
in Ireland continually engage the attention of
the British nation, and so great an agitation is
now prevailing in Ireland that the British
Government have deemed it necessary to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus in that country.
These circumstances must necessarily modify
the opinion which we might otherwise have
entertained in regard to an expedition ex-
pressly prohibited by our neutrality laws. So
long as those laws remain upon our statute-
books, they should be faithfully executed, and
if they operate harshly, unjustly, or oppress-
ively, Congress alone can .apply the remedy,
by their modification or repeal.
Political and commercial interests of the
United States are not unlikely to be affected in
some degree by events which are transpiring in
the eastern regions of Europe, and the time
seems to have come when our Government
ought to have a proper diplomatic representa-
tion in Greece.
This Government has claimed for all persons
not convicted, or accused, or suspected of
crime, an absolute political right of self-expa-
triation, and a choice of new national alle-
giance. Most of the European States have
dissented from this principle, and have claimed
a right to hold such of their subjects as have
immigrated to and been naturalized in the
United States, and afterward returned on
transient visits to their native countries, to the
performance of military service in like manner
as resident subjects. (Complaints arising from
the claim in this respect made by foreign
States, have heretofore been matters of con-
troversy between the United States and some
of the Europeafi Powers, and the irritation
consequent upon the failure to settle thisqups-
tion increased during the war in which Prus-
sia. Italy, and Austria were recently engaeed.
While Great Britain has never acknowledged
the right of expatriation, she has not practi-
cally insisted upon it. France has been equally
forbearing; and Prussia has proposed a com-
