1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
I?tr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines three hundred and forty-six and three
hundred and forty-seven, and in lieu of them
to iasert:
On muriate of lime* one cent per pound.
On eiiraie of lime, three cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". In line four hundred
and seventy-six I move to strike out '4 five dol-
lars" and insert "one dollar so as to read:
On oil of ergot, one dollar per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Between lines five hun-
dred and thirty-seven and five hundred and
thirty-eight I move to insert:
On piperine, fifty cents per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and forty-six I move to strike out "three" and
to insert " four 5" so as to read:
On chromate and bichromate of potassa, four cents
per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and forty-eight I move to strike out "five" and
to insert " six;" so as to read:
On yellow prussiateof potassa, six cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and fifty-four I move to strike out the word
(' cent'' and to insert'1 and one half cents;" so
as to read:
On saltpeter, or niter, or nitrate of potassa, crude,
one and one half cent per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
line five hundred and fifty-five entirely, namely:
On saltpeter, partially refined, two cents perpound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and fifty-nine I move to strike out " seves"
and to insert " ten;" so as to read:
On cream of tartar, tartrate and bi-tartrate of pot-
assa, ton cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and seventy-two I move to strike out "thirty-
three" and to insert "forty;" so that the
clause will read:
On quinia, quinidia, and all their salts, forty cents
per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and ninety-four I move to strike out "ten"
and to insert "twelve5" so as to read:
On Seidlitz mixture, twelve cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred and
thirteen I move to strike out " one and one
fifth cent per pound" and insert "seventy-
five cents per bushel; " so as to read:
On castor seed or beans, seventy-five cents per
bushel.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred and
twenty-eight I move to strikeout " sixty-five"
and insert " seventy-five; " so as to read:
On iodate and hydriodate of soda, seventy-five,
cents }&r pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. v
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred and
fifty-two, after the word-" dollar/1 I move to
insert the words " and twenty-five cents;" so
as to re-ad:
On strychnia and salts of strychnia, or strychnine
§1 25 per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred and
seventy, after the word uad valorem," a semi-
colon should be inserted instead of a comma.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made by general consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred
and ninety-nine I move to strike out the words
"cordials, bitters."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and one, after the word "compositions," I
move to insert the words "not herein other-
wise specified."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line seven hun-
dred and seven I move to insert the following
proviso:
Provided, That upon all medicinal or other prepara-
tions, or the compounds, of which distilled spirits are
the component part of chief value, there shall be
levied, in addition to the duties imposed by this act
on such preparations, the duties imposed upon dis-
tilled spirits.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and ten the word "and" should be "or;" so
as to read: "or put up for popular sale."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made, if there is no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "chemicals"
in line seven hundred and seventeen should
be struck out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
The Secretary read section ten of the substi-
tute, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed bylaw on the importa-
tion of the articles hereinafter mentioned, thereshall
be levied, collected, and paid, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On bags and baskets, of any material, not other"
wise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem,.
On all manufactures of bamboos, rattans, or reeds,
not otherwise herein provided for, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On beads, bead bags, bead ornaments, and bead
manufactures of all kinds, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On boxes of every material, not otherwise herein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On brooms and brushes of all kinds, forty per cent.
ad valorem.
On buttons of pearl, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On buttons not otherwise herein provided for, forty
per cent, ad valorem.
On all button molds, and materials used exclu-
sively for buttons, not otherwise herein provided for,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all articles and manufacturesof coral, lava, jet,
or cornelian, or of which either shall be the com-
ponent materia] of chief value, not otherwise herein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On cork wood, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On corks, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On diamonds and gems, not set, five per cent, ad
valorem.
On diamonds and gems, set, twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
On glaziers' diamonds, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On embroideries, or embroidered articles, not other-
wise herein piovided for, whether embroidered with
gold, silver, silk, worsted, or other material, fifty per
cent, ad valorem : Provided, That no articles shall be
classed as embroideries which are not advanced
twenty percent, in value by embroidered work,_
On raw bullion, eamatile, or metal thread, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On epaulettes, galloons, laces, regalia, and all like
ornaments of gold, silver, or gilt, or of any other
material in imitation of either, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On eyelets of every description, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On fans of palm-leaf, one half cent each.
„ On fans of every other description, fifty per cent.
ad valorem.
On ostrich, vulture, maribout, cock, and all other
ornamental feathers, crude, or not dressed, colored
or ornamented, twenty per cent, ad valorem; when
dressed, colored, or manufactured, "fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
Ou feathers and downs of all descriptions for beds
or bedding', ten per cent, ad valorem.
On feather beds, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On skins of birds undressed, and not propared,
twenty per cont. ad valorem.
On skins of birds prepared, dressed, or mounted,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On artificial flowers when imported in roses, buds,
leaves, and grasses, in gross, fifty per cent, ad
valorem ; when imported in bunches or wreaths,
consisting of flowers, buds, leaves, or grasses com-
bined, ready for sale and use, sixty per ojmt. ad
valorem; when made wholly or in part of silk,
seventy-five per cent.
On lace or laces of every description, composed of
cotton or flax, or cotton and flax, not made up "by the
needle, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On lace shawls and scarfs, of cotton or flax, or cot-
ton and flax, and all lace articles of the same mate-
rials where lace is of chief value, prepared by the
needle, either by maehine or by hand, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On silk lace or laces of every description, and all
manufactures of silk lace, prepared by the needle,
whether by hand or machine, composed wholly of
silk, or of which silk shall be thecomponent material
of chief value, sixty per cent, ad-valorem.
On furs or fur skins, not dressed in any manner,
and on fur of all descriptions cut from the skin, but
not dressed, cleaned, or prepared, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On hatters' or cut furs, cleaned and dressed, and on
fur skins or fur on the skin, cleaned, dressed, or pre-
pared, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On fur hats, hat bodies, caps, robes, muffs, and all
manufactures of fur, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On kid gloves of every description, $4 50 per dozen.
On all other leather gloves, three dollars per dozen.
On gloves of every description, not otherwise herein
provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On hair of all kinds, cleaned, drawn, or dressed,
human and horse hair prepared for weaving ex-
cepted, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On human hair not cleaned, drawn, or dressed,
twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On human hair, cleaned, drawn, or dressed, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On hair bracelets, braids, curls, ringlets, and man-
ufactures of human hair 01 every description, forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On curled hair for beds, twenty per cent, advalo*
rem.
On hair pencils, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On hair cloths, of the description known as hair
seating, forty-five eents per square yard.
On hair cloth, known as crinoline cloth, or by any
other name, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On all other manufactures of hair, not otherwise
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On hats and bonnets of straw, chip, palm leaf, or
other vegetable material, and on hats, caps, and bon-
nets of every other material, except silk, wool, and
fur, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On hoop skirts, forty per cent, advalorem,
On dice, chessmen, draughts, chess balls, billiard
balls, and bagatelle balls, of ivory, bone, wood,
papier-mache, or any other material, fifty per cent.
ad valorem.
On manufactures of ivory, bone, horn,wood, leather,
or other material for umbrellas, parasols, canes,
whips, furniture trimmings, and all like uses, forty
percent, ad valorem.
On all other manufactures of ivory or ivory nuts,
not otherwise herein pro>ided for, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
On jewelry, of whatever material composed not
otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent, ad
valorem; and no articles shall be classed as jewelry
not used or intended to be used or worn as personal
ornaments exclusively.
On India-rubber shoes and boots, and all manu-
factures of India-rubber not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, forty, per cent, ad valorem.
On water-proof cloth, stamped or gummed with
India-rubber, thirty-five per cent, advalorem.
On fabrics of India-rubber and other materials
combined, three inches wide or over, six cents per
lineal yard, and, in addition thereto, forty-five per
cent, advalorem; on all other fabrics of india-rub-
ber and other m'atcrials combined, not otherwise
provided for, twenty-five cents forcvcry onehundred
and forty-four yards, and, in addition thereto, fifty
per cent, advalorem.
On braces and suspenders, made of India-rubber
and other materials combined, thirty-five cents per
dozen, and, in addition thereto, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On umbrella and parasol clastic ties, fifty per ccnt.
advalorem,
On manufactures of guttapercha, and on all manu-
factured insulated telegraphic or electric wires or
cables used for submarine telegraphic or other pur-
poses, forty per ccnt. ad valorem.
On oil paintings valued, exclusive of frames, at$iQ0
and less, thirty dollars eaeh painting; valued at over
one hundred dollars, thirty dollars each painting,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On water-color paintings, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On paintings and statuary, not otherwise herein
provided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures of palm leaf, not otherwise herein
provided for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures and wares of papUr-mache, forty
per cent, ad valorem.
On paste imitation of precious stones or jewelry,
and on composition of glass or paste, set or not- aefc,.
forty per cent, ad valorem.
On pearls, not set, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On pearls, set, twenty-fire per cont. ad valorem.
On pencils of wood, filled with lead, chalk, or other
material, fifty ccnts per gross, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On camel's hair pencils and on crayons; thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all poncils in bone, ivory, or metal cases, not
