612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
otherwise herein- provided for, one dollar pfeir gtibsa,
and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On chalk pencils, fifty cents per gross, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty ner cent, ad valorem.
On pens, metallic,"ten cents per gross, and, in addi-
tion thereto,- twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On pen-holders of every description, without pens,
forty per cent, advalorem.
On penholder sticks and penholder tips, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
On pins, hair-pins, brass or white metal pins, and
all other pins for dress ox personal use, of every de-
scription, not jewelry, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On pin and needle cases of every material, forty
per cent, advalorem.
On pocket-books,- pass-books, and note-books,
porte-monnaies, photograph albums, wallets, caba^,
and all like articles, and frames for leather bags and
porte-monnaies, not otherwise herein provided for,
fifty per eea t. act valorem,
On shell baskets, shell-work, and manufactures of
shell of every description, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On spectacle cases, of steel, forty-five per cent, ad
valorem,♦ of gold, silver, or other precious metal,
forty per cent, ad valorem ; of iron, leather, or paper,
forty per cent, ad valorem,; of all not otherwise
herein provided for, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On straw, in bulk or for plaiting, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On straw-plaits and braids, and on chip in plaits,
braids, or sprays, and not further manufactured,
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On finished articles of straw or chip, forty per cent.
advalorem. „ , „
On toys for children, dolls, and parts of dolls of
every description, fifty per cent, ad valorem: Pro-
vided, That earthenware, china, or Parian ware toys,
shall pay duty as other wares of the same materials.
On umbrellas, parasols, and sun-shades, covered
with silk, sixty per cent, ad valorem.; if covered with
cotton or any other material than silk, and of what-
ever material the frame may be composed, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
On umbrellas and parasols, and sticks, frames, tips,
runners, stretchers, handles, or other parts thereof,
sixty per cent, ad valorem.
On watches, watch movements, and parts of
watches, and on wateh cases of gold, silver, or other
metal, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On chronometers and parts of chronometers, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On whips of every material, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN". In line sixty-six tlie
words "advalorem" ought to be inserted after
"percent."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be added if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighty-two,
after the word 1 'dressed," I more to insert
" ten per cent, ad valoremand also to strike
out thelword "and" after the word " dressed,"
and make a new paragraph following j so as to
read:
On hatters* or cut furs, cloanod and dressed, ten
per cont. ad valorem.
On fur skins or fur on the skm, eleaned, dressed,
• or prepared, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighty-six I
move to strike out(1 forty'5 and to insert*'fifty,''
so as to read :
On fur hats, hat bodies, caps, robes, muffs, and all
manufactures of fur, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines eighty-eight
and eighty-nine, after the word "dozen," I
move to insert the word "pair," so as to read:
On kid gloves of every description, $4 50 per dozen
pair.
On all other leather gloves, three dollars pordozen
pair.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line one hun-
dred and seventy-nine I mQve to insert:
On hair-pins made of iron-wire, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to strike
out "hair-pins" in line one hundred and
eighty.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line two hundred
and eleven I move to strike out the letter "s,''
at the end of the words "umbrellas" and "par-
asols," and also to strike out the word "and"
after Parasols;" so that will read:
On umbrolla and parasol sticks, frames, tips, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
The Secretary read section eleven of the
substitute as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the importa-
tion of the articles hereinafter mentioned, thereshall
be levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
rates of duty, that is to say:
On all brown earthenware, and common stoneware,
and gas retorts, thirty.per cent, ad valorem.
On blacking jars or bottles not glass, twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On china and porcelain ware, gilded, ornamented,
or decorated in any manner, sixty per cent, ad
On china and porcelain ware, plain and not deco-
rated in any manner,and on Parian ware, fifty perccnt.
advalorem/ on all other earthen, stone, or crockery
ware, white, glazed, edged, printed, painted, dipped,
or cream-colored, composed 9f earthy ormineral sub-
stances, and not herein otherwise provided for, fifty
cent, advalorem. , , ^
- On glass vials, jars, bottles, and other vessels of
glass, plain, molded, and pressed, not cut, engraved,
or painted, of less than eight ounces capacity each,
two and one half cents per pound; of eight and less
than twenty ounces capacity each, three cents per
pound; of twenty ounces capacity and ovor each,
four cents per pound: Provided, That the true allow-
ance for boxes or otherpackagescontainingthe same,
shall be twenty per cent, of the gross weight.
On glass crystals for watches, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
On lenses for spectacles, whether of glass or peb-
ble, forty per cent, ad valorem ,• and in addition
thereto, for lenses ground and polished on bofch sides,
two dollars per gross pairs.
On spectacles, spectacle frames, and parts thereof,
of whatevermaterial composed, two dollarsper gross
pairs, and in addition thereto forty per cent, ad va-
lorem. ' . , , „
On all other lenses for optical purposes, whether
in frames or otherwise, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On all articles of glass, cut, "engraved, painted,
colored, printed, stained, silvered, or gilded, not
including plate-glass silvered, or looking-glass plates,
forty per cent. a& valorem.
On all unpolished cylinder, crown, and common
window glass, not exceeding ten by fifteen inches
square, two and a quarter cents per pound; above
that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four
inches square, two and three fourths cents per pound;
above that, and not exceeding twenty-four by thirty
inches square, four cents per pound; all above that,
fourand ahalf cents perpound.
On cylinder and crown glass, polished, not exceed-
ing ten by fifteen inches square, three and a half
cents per square foot; abovo that, and not exceed-
ing sixteenhy twenty-four inchcs square, five and a
half cents per square foot; above that, and notex-
ceeding .twenty-four by thirty inches square, eight
cents per square foot; above that, and not exceed-
ing twenty-four by sixty inches, twenty-five cents
per squ^je foot; all above that, fifty cents per square
On fluted, rolled, or rough plate glass, not includ-
ing crown cylinder or common window glass,.two
cents perpound.
On all cast polished plato glass, unsilvered, not
exceeding ten by fifteen inches square, four cents
per square foot; above that, and not exceeding six-
teen hy twenty-four inches square, six cents per
square foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-
four by thirty inches square, ten cents per square
foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-four by
sixty inches square, thirty cents per square foot; all
above that, fifty cents per square foot.
On ail cast polished plate glass, silvered, or look-
ing-glass plates, not exceeding ten to fifteen inches
square, four cents per square foot; above that, and
not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches square,
six cents per square foot; above that, and not exceed-
ing twenty-four by thirty inches square, ten cents
per square foot; above that, and not exceeduag
twenty-four by sixty inches square, thirty cents per
square foot: all above that, fifty cents per square
foot: Provided, That no looking-glass plates or plate
glass, silvered, when framed, shall pay a less rate of
duty than that imposed upon similar glass of like
description not framed, but shall bo liable lo pay, in
addition thereto, forty per cent ad valorem.
On porcelain and Bohemian glass, paintings on glass
or glasses, and all manufactures of glass, or of which
glass shall be a component material of chief value,
not otherwise herein provided for, and all glass bot-
tles or jars* filled with sweetmeats or preserves, or
other articles,nototherwise herein provided for, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-five of
that section I move to strike out " forty" and
to insert " fifty;" so that it will read :
On all other lenses for optical purposes, whether
in frames or otherwiso, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
■ The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section twelve of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the import-
ation of the articles hereinafter enumerated, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid the following
duties and rates of duty, thnt is to say:
On hides, raw or uneured, whether dry, salted, or
pickled, ten per cent, ad valorem ; on hide cuttings,
strips, tails, and like articles, used as glue stock, ten
per cent, ad valorem.
On raw goat skins in the hair, and on deer skins
and calfskins raw, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On raw sheep-skins, or pelts without wool, ten per
cent, ad valorem; and all skins, dressed, tanned,
tawed, or curried, wholly or in part, not otherwise
herein provided for, shall pay duty as leather, except
skins of the North American buffalo, which shall bo
admitted as raw skins, at a duty of ten per cent, ad
.On skivers and roans, pickled or salted, ten per
cent, ad valorem. ■ .
On skivers, tanned, colored or finished, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On leather, namely, on bend or belting leather, and
on Spanish or other sole leather, thirty-five per cent.
On French, German, and other tanned calf skins,
and on all upper leather, except Morocco, japanned
and patent leather, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem..
On Morocco, enameled, glazed, japanned, varn-
ished, and patent leather, forty per cent, ad valorem„
On fawn, kid, and lamb skins, tanned and dressed,
otherwise than in colors, and known as chamois, and
on all skins tanned, tawed, carried, or dressed, not
otherwise herein provided for, thirty-five per oent.
advalorem.
On shoes, boots, and slippers, of which leather or
lasting is the principal component material, and on
all manufactures of leather, nototherwise herein pro-
vided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On mats of sheep-skins, not colored, forty per cent,
advalorem. ,
On mats of sheep-skins,fancy, colored, fifty per cent.
advalorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the twenty-fifth
line of that section, page 83, I DiOS-'6 to strike
out the werds " morocco, japanned, and pat-
ent leather," and to insert "morocco, enam-
eled, glazed, japanned, varnished, and patent
leather."
The amendment te the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section thirteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, in lieu of the duties
heretofore imposed by law on the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid the following duties, that is to
,y:
On asbestos, not manufactured, twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
On Ayr stones, twenty per eent. ad valorem.
On bricks, for building or roofing, and on tiles of
every description other than marble, and on firo-
bricks and Bath bricks, or Bristol bricks, twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On cement, Roman, Portland, and all other cedent,
twenty per eent. ad valorem.
On chalk, white, or cliff stone, five dollars per ton.
On clay, China clay, pipe-clay, fire-clay, and kao-
lin, five dollars per ton.
On candle or cannel coal, and on all bituminous
coal, mined and imported from any port or Place
thirty degrees of longitude east of W ashington, $1 50
per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
On all bituminous coal, mined and imported from
any place not more than thirty degrees of longituto
east of Washington, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel. .
On anthracite, and all other coal not herein other-
wise provided for, $1 50 per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel.
On coke and culm of coal, twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem. _
On chapapote or asphaltum, bitumen, or mineral
pitch, Albertite and bituminous shales of every
description, fifty cents per ton.
On flint, flint-stones, and ground flint, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
On fuller's earth, three dollars per ton.
Ongrindstones, unfinished, ten perccnt. advalorem.
On grindstones, finished, twenty per cont. ad
On burr-stones, finished and bound up into mill-
stones, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On lime, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On limestone, not burned, cut, or dressed, ten per
cent, ad valoreyn.
On lime, white, three cents per pound.
On lithographic stones, engraved, twenty per cent.
ad valorem. _
On marble, white statuary, brocatella sienna and
antique, in slab or block, one dollar per cubic foot,
and, in addition thereto, twenty-five per cent. ad
On all other marble, in slab or block, fifty cents per
cubic foot and twenty per cent. ad valorem.
On marble monuments, ligures. pillars and orna-
ment^ slabs, and tiles, and cut marble of every
description, not otherwiso herein provided for, sev-
enty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On minerals, crude, not otherwiso herein provided
for, twenty percent, ad valorem.
On paving-stones, slabs, and flags, not dressed, and
on Nova Scotia stone, Caen stono, and all building
stones, not cut or dressed, twenty percent, ad valorem.
On building, paving, or monumental stones, or
every description, cut or dressed, thirty-five pur cent.
ad valorem.
On salt in bulk, and on all rock salt ormineral salt,
twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds.
On salt in bags or sacks, thirty cents per one hun-
