1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18-77"
ARKANSAS.
General J. W. Sprague, assistant commis-
sioner, in forwarding this report, says:
In some parts of the State, (Arkansas,) partic-
ularly m the southeast and southwest, freedmen's
lives arc threatened if they report their wrongs to
the agent of the bureau, and in many instances the
persons making reports are missed and never heard
of after. I believe the murder&herein reported do
not embrace one half the number that have been
committed during the time mentioned. These mur-
ders as reported to me, would, in any but a southern
btate, be regarded and punished as ' murder in the
fifst degree.'^ I do not know of a single instance
where the guilty parties are in prison or have been
punished/'
General Ord has recently stated that tbe
freedmen and Union men were outraged and
rourdered,_ and that the civil authorities yield
no protection.
General Sheridan, commanding the depart-
ment of the Gulf, reports that—
."Homicides are frequent in some localities. The
trial of a white man tor the killing of a freedman
can, in the existing condition of society in this
State, be considered nothing more nor less than a
-mere farce."
_ I hope Senators will not forget tliis declara-
tion of this brilliant soldier, whose name is
dear to the country.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator from
Maryland, who offered this amendment, is not
present, or I suppose he would modify it. As
it is drawn, it has a much more expansive oper-
ation, I dare say, than was intended by him.
The language appears to me, inadvertently no
doubt, drawn so as to comprise every male
person above the age of twenty-one years, with
the exceptions specifically mentioned in the
latter part of the section. There was, doubt-
less, no intention to exclude qualifications relat-
ing to taxability, such as we have in the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, and more partic-
ularly provisions relating to residence, requiring
persons to reside within the State and within
the election district a certain length of time, as
a guarantee against the enormous frauds with
which our elections would be deluged without
some such, provision. I presume it was not
intended to exclude provisions of that charac-
ter, which would undoubtedly, if adopted by
any State, exclude large numbers of persons
directly and clearly included within the lan-
guage of this amendment: "The elective fran-
chise shall be enjoyed"—the expression is
absolute—" by all male citizens of the United
States." And afterward it mentions the dis-
crimination of race or color, and mentions the
exceptions from its operation, to wit: rebels
who have been engaged in the war against us,
or persons who have committed felony at the
common law. There area good many electoral
provisions which exclude other persons, and
very properly. 'I have mentioned the most
striking one—the qualification of residence,
which is everywhere indispensable to protect
elections against fraud. Sir, before this amend-
ment is voted upon its language ought to un-
dergo some revision. Surely these results were
never intended, and I presume if the Senator
from Maryland were present, on his attention
being called to these points, he would at once
modify his proposition.
Mr. McDQIJG-ALL. Mr. President, I agree
with the propriety of the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana, without, however, agree-
ing to the original amendment, which, as it
stands, includes all citizens of the United
States twenty-one years of age and over, with
the exceptions named. I would ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he thinks it wise
or prudent that we should have sixty thousand
Chinese voters in the State of California? Such
a provision, in the shape which is now offered,
would force upon us sixty thousand Chinese
votes, who come here to California, hired by
companies, to make no real home here in point
of fact, and whose bones are carried home to
China, they not being willing to be buried in
our land.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are not citizens,
Mr. McDOUGALL. They are within the
rule of the law. If the railroad is completed
across this continent, and ready and rapid
39th Cong. 2b Sess.—No. 87.
communication had with China, we may have
as many Chinamen and Malays and Bast In-
dians in California as we have of our own race.
Now the Chinese race are far less homogeneous
with us than the African race. They have not
a bit of sentiment, of feeling, in common with
us. They come here simply to make what they
can, and return to their own homes, and if
they die here their bones are carried home.
Carrying out the principle advanced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, the law would
make them electors, would give them the priv-
ilege of the elective franchise throughout this
country. A more demoralized people, a peo-
ple of less moral principle is not known on the
face of the globe. Their oath cannot be taken
in court without many ceremonies. Falsehood
they hold to be their right; and it is their
common practice in their own courts, unless
held by some strict and very stringent law.
What is true of the Chinaman, the Malayan,
the East Indian, is true of the field-hands of
Mississippi and South Carolina and Alabama,
who are as ignorant, as low as when they were
taken slaves by the King of Dahomey and sold
upon the Guinea coast. And this is to make
them a part and parcel of this Government, to
take part in the reestablishment of our insti-
tutions. Out of the four million negroes I
suppose you might possibly gel five hundred
thousand voters, three or four hundred of
whom, in the cotton and sugar-planting States,
might have intelligence enough to exercise the
elective franchise. The rest of them are but
savages ; docile savages, because they are held
in subjection by the exercise of superior forces.
It is for these reasons that I Cannot support
this amendment. It seems to me that gentle-
men urging this policy must be ignorant of the
character of the population in the planting
Stales. I do not speak of the border States,
nor of the colored population in the northern
States, but I speak of the great body of this
population in the planting States, the field-
hands. They have no families, they have no
education, they have no information. They
have not the first idea of liberty except escape
from labor, not knowing that labor is one of
the first laws. In forcing such a policy on the
South we are forcing them again into a local
rebellion, for can you suppose that the intelli-
gent population of the South can submit to be
ruled and governed by that class of men ? It
is impossible ; it is not in the nature of things.
But, says the Senator from Massachusetts,
we will impose these measures upon them and
force them to accept them. Sir, there is no
such thing as force in the moral law except the
force that comes from moral conviction, and
that conviction does not exist among the intel-
ligent classes at the South on this point. You
may use the foree of the bayonet, but I think
that has been employed about sufficiently for
the next decade. This application of force, as
suggested by the Senator, the force of legisla-
tion, will be very much like the law whereby
we undertook to extinguish the crime of polyg-
amy in Utah Territory several years ago. It
passed the Senate with only two dissenting
voices, my then colleague's and my own, be-
cause we said it was all nonsense ; the law had
no power and could have no influence. The
truth is that if the colored population of the
South do not yield a willing subservience, as I
think they will, to those who have employed
them and who have previously owned them,
they will eome in direct hostile conflict, and
they will go out as have the red men from the
forest and the mountain.
Eighteen years ago in a beautiful valley of
my own State inhabited three or four tribes of
Indians, half Christianized, quiet, and they
cultivated the land; not at war with us, not
in collision with us ; but still, as we advanced
upon them, and they came in contact with us,
they wasted away like the snow before the sun,
and in ten years of all those twenty-five thou-
sand there were not twenty-five left. If the
races in the South be antagonized in this man-
ner, by placing them on this level of equality,
so that they shall lake part in the Government,
the inferior as against the white race, will waste
away in the same manner.
I have been'always in favor of the freedom
of the negro; I am in favor of it now; I am
m favor of his enjoying all civil rights; but
we have already sufficiently demoralized the
elective franchise in this country. It would be
probably safer and better for us and our insti-
tutions wotild be better founded if there had
been a little more care about the distribution
of the elective franchise. To extend it now to
large masses of those known to be altogether
ignorant, altogether unfit for participation in
government, seems to me to be an outrage
upon our civilization and an outrage upon the
very idea of our institutions.
I have not been able to conceive of any
reason why such a policy should be advocated,
except it be that those who are advocating
their right to the elective franchise do not know
the people of whom they speak. I know the
Senator from Massachusetts may find intelli-
gent colored men in Boston and throughout
Massachusetts, who can probably as well exer-
cise the elective franchise as many of the white
population, and that may be said truly of many
in the States of the North and in some of the
border States. I do not question that; but
that is not the proposition now pending. It
is to introduce the whole of the late slave
population of the South, uneducated, unin-
formed, to force them into the rights of citizen-
ship and the right to exercise the elective fran-
chise. The result will be this: they will be
taken by the persons who employ them and on
whom they are dependant and carried by the
hundred and voted at the will of their employ-
ers ; or if they fail to do so they will come to
grief. That will be the result of the present
condition of things; a result that should be
avoided. Now, suppose you carry out the
same principle in California: you introduce the
Chinamen, a population that may accumulate
with great rapidity. The people of the Pacific
coast will not consent to it, will not submit to
it, and it will lead to violence and perhaps
what may be called local revolution. The
principle of this amendment invites all these
things, and it is a dangerous system at the pres-
ent time. Such a thing may be introduced in.
the course of years, but at the present time it is
not only mischievous but dangerous. There-
fore, while I would support the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana, I altogether oppose
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. LANE. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, believing that it is necessary to make a
perfect system for the restoration of the lately
rebellious States.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me ask the Senator
what amendment he means—the amendment
to the amendment now pending?
Mr. LANE. The amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Oregon, from the
Pacific slope. I shall vote for that amendment
with great pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER.'*' Do I understand that that
is proposed by the Senator from Oregon? I
.thought it came from the Senator from Mary-
land on the Democratic side of the House.
Mr. LANE. I see Mr. Williams's name to
it as it is printed on my table.
Mr. SUMNER. He has not moved it, as I
understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. He did move it yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. It is moved bythe Senator
from Maryland, I understand.
Mr. LANE. Well, Mr. Williams's name
is on the printed amendment in my hand, any-
how.
Mr. SUMNER. I rather think he lias thought
better of it since.
Mr. LANE. Either indorsement is quite
sufficient for my purpose. I shall vote for it
no matter who introduced it. The bill which
has been passed by the House of Representa-
tives contemplates one object, a very urgent}
and a very important object; the amendment!
contemplates another; both are necessary. in
my opinion, to make any perfect system of
restoration in the rebel States.
