1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIS
dred pounds: Provided, That no return of duties
shallbemade on accountof damage to salt, or to sacks
containing salt, in whatever form imported.
On slate, namely • on roofing slate, slates for school*
slate pencils, and all raanufactures of slate, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all manufacturesof prepared or enameled slate,
forty per cent, ad valorem.
On polishing-stones, oil-stones, whet-stones, and
currier's stones, and all stones for sharpening or pol-
ishing metals or minerals, twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In Hue twenty-five,
page 85r I move to strike out the words
" anthracite andso that it will read:
On all other coal, not herein otherwise provided
for, $150 per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty
pounds to the bushel.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-seven I
move to strike out " twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem," and to insert "five dollars per ton
so as to read:
On grindstones, finished, five dollars per ton.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, In line sixty-one, page
86, I move to strike out " thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem" and to insert "two dollars per
tori of thirteen cubic feet j" so as to read:
On building, paving, or monumental stones, of
every description, cut or dressed, two dollars per ton
of thirteen cubic feet.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed" to.
Mr. FESSENDEN., In line sixty-six I
move to strike out the words "to salt, or,"
&nd also to strike out the words u in whatever
form importedso that the clause will read:
Provided, That no return of duties shall bemado
on account of damage to sacks containing salt.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section fourteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, on tho importation ofthe
articles hereinafter mentioned, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On all books in the English language, printed prior
to the year 1840, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On all books in foreign languages, twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
On all books in the English language, printed since
the year 1840, and on all books not otherwise herein
provided for, thirty cents per pound.
On all books reprinted from books first printed in
the United States, forty cents, per pound.
On magazines, periodicals, illustrated newspapers,
and newspapers, except as lawfully transmitted by
mail, ten cents per pound,
On maps, charts, engravings, lithographs, and pho-
tographs, not accompanying books, twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem; when accompanying books, the
duty imposed on books.
On music, bound or unbound, twenty-five percent.
ad vaterem.
On electrotype and stereotype plates of every de-
scription, twenty-five cents per pound.
On paper, namely, on book and printing paper,
sized or unsized, used for books and newspapers
exclusively, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On writing paper, and all other paper not other-
wise herein specified, of everydescription, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On blank-books, envelopes, card-board, bristol
board, and paste-board, enameled paper of every
description, and paper for labels, colored, marbled
or gilt, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On playing cards, of all kinds, twenty-five centsper
pack. . .
On cards_pf every other description, forty percent.
ad valorem.
On paper-hangings, borders, and paper for screens
and fire-boards, valued at not over twenty cents per
roll, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all other paper-hangings and borders, and paper
for screens and fire-boards, forty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On parchment and vellum, thirty percent, ad valo-
rem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen of that sec-
tion in the following words;
On all books in the English language, printed
since the year 1840, and on all books not otherwise
herein provided for, thirty cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
On all books in the English language, bound,
stitched, or in sheets, printed since the year 1840,
and on all printed matter not otherwise herein pro-
vided for. thirty-five per cent.«d valorem: Pi-oviaed,
That no books printed since the year 1840 on which
an ad valorem duty is imposed by this act shall be
admitted for entry at an invoiced value less than
fifty per ceiit. of their retail price at the place of
publication.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that a substitute for the
proposition in the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, for the elev-
enth, twelfth, and thirteenth lines.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say nothing about it
now. At the proper time I shall have some
remarks to make on this subject.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-six the
words "sized or" should be stricken out, so
that the clause will read:
On paper, namely, on book and printing paper,
unsized, used for books and newspapers exclusively,
twenty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section fifteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the importa-
tion of the articles Hereinafter enumerated, there
shall bo levied, collected, and paid the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say:
On animals living, namely: On horses, mares, colts,
asses, and mules, twenty per cent, ad valorem: on
neat cattle, twenty per cent, ad valorem; on sheep,
goats, calves, and swine, twenty per cent, ad valorem;
on all kindsnot otherwise herein provided for, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
On apples, garden fruit, and edible vegetables, and
roots, in a green or fresh state, not otherwise herein
provided for, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, fifteen
cents per bushel.
On barley, pearl or hulled, one cent per pound.
On beans, (except vanilla and castor,) ten per cent.
ad valorem.
On broom-corn, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On Indian corn, ten cents per bushel.
On corn meal, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On butter, three cents per pound.
On buckwheat, ten cents per bushel.
On flour and meal, middlings, and mill-feed of
wheat, rye, or oats, fifteen percent, ad valorem.
On fruits, green, namely, on oranges, lemons, and
limes, and on bananas, plantains, shaddocks, man-
goes, pineapples, and cocoa-nuts, twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That loss of quantity of
the fruits above named by decay on the voyage shall
be admitted when such loss shall be of full leakages
or other separable portions; and on oranges and
lemons in boxes loss of quantity may be allowed
where such loss reaches thirty-three per cent, of the
quantity in the boxes, such loss being certified by the
appraisers of damage; but no other loss or damage
shall be allowed in abatement of duty. '
On grapes, green, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On iruits, dried or preserved, namely: on currants,
raisins, figs, plums, prunes, apples, peaches, and all
other dried fruits, three cents per pound; on dates,
green or ripe, two cents per pound.
On fruit juice, or fruits preserved in their own
juice, tbirty-five per cent, advalorem.
On fruits preserved in spirits or brandy, two dol-
lars per gallon: on fruits preserved in sugar or mo-v
lasses, and on all other sweetmeats, thirty-five per
cent, advalorem: Provided, That all preserved fruits
aad pickled fruits in jars, bottles, or other packages,
shall pay duty on the entire cost as put up, the cost
of packages included.
On fish, namely: on smoked salmon and halibut,
one dollar per ono hundred pounds; on smoked her-
ring, one dollar per one hundred pounds; on pickled
salmon, white fish, and trout, three dollars per bar-
rel ; on pickled mackerel, shad, and halibut, two dol-
lars per barrel; on pickled herring and alewives, one
dollar per barrel: Provided, That any jnckledfislvin
packages other than barrels shall pay in proportion
to the rates charged for similar fish in barrels: And
provided further. That all fibh imported in bulk (other
than fresh) shall pay at the above rates, estimating
two hundred pounds to the barrel. On all pickled
fish, not otherwise provided for, ono dollar per ono
hundred pounds; on all dry fish, one half cent per
pound; on sardines and anchovies, and all prepara-
tions of the same, fifty per cent, ad valorem. -
On hay, twenty percent, advalorem,
On honey, twenty cents per gallon.
On hops, five cents per pound.
On meats, namely; On beef not cured, and on beef
dried, one cent per pound; on beef cured, in barrels,
two dollars per barrel of two hundred pounds; on
pork, in any form, not cured, one cent per pound; on
pork, in barrels, two dollars per barrel of two hun-
dred pounds; on dressed poultry, onecentpcr pound;
on all other meats notcured, one cent per pound; on
all prepared or canned meats and sausages, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On malt, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On nuts, namely; on almonds, shelled, seven cents
per pound; on almonds, not shelled, four cents per
pound; on walnuts, three cents per pound; on Brazil
nuts, or cream nuts, two cents per pound; on chest-
nuts, pecan nuts, filberts, and all other edibl enuts,
xcept shelled peanuts, one cent per pound.
On oil cake, twenty per cent, advalorem: Provided,
That no drawback shall be allowed on oil-cake man-
ufactured of imported linseed when exported to
foreign countries.
On olives, in oil or salt, thirty per cent,a<£ valorem
On pickles, capers, catsup, and sauces of every-
description, and pickled fruits, forty per cent. a 
valorem; and the cost Of all bottles and packages
shall be included in the dutiable values.
On peas, twenty-five cents per bushel.
On peanuts, or ground beans, ono cent per pound;
shelled, one and a half cent per pound.
On potatoes, ten cents per husfcel.
On cleaned rice, including rice commonly called
Patna rice, two and a half cents per pound:.
On uncleancd rice, including Patna rice, one and a
half cent per pound.
On paddy, three fourths of a ccnt per pound.
On timothy, clover, and other grass seeds, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On all garden seeds, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On canary seed, one dollar per bushel of sixty
pounds.
On sesame seed, ten per cent, advalorem.
On all other seeds, not otherwise herein provided
for, thirty per cent, advalorem.
- On vetches or tares, and seed of vetches or tares*
twenty per eent. advalorem.
On tallow, lard, and marrow, one cent per pound.
On tamarinds, two cents per pound.
On vegetables, dried, desiccated or canned, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On wheat, twenty cents per bushel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirteen of that
section, page 89,1 move to strike out " fifteen"
and to insert "ten," so as to read:
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, ten cents
per bushel.  
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line ninety-two,
page 92, I move to strike out the words "in-
cluding rice commonly called Patna rice;"
and in line ninety-four I move to strike out the
words "including Patna ricej" so that tHe
clause will read :
On cleaned rice, two and a half cents per pound.
On uncleaned rice, ono and a half cent per pound..
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section sixteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted, That in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the importation ofthe
articles hereinafter mentioned the following duties
andrates of duty, that is tosay: '
On all timber, not otherwise herein provided for,
squared or sided, one cent per cubic foot.
On sawed boards,plank,deals, andother lumberof
spruce, hemlock, whitewood, and basswood, one dol-
lar per thousand feet, board measure.
On all other varieties of sawed lumber, two dollars
per thousand feet, board measure: Provided, That
when lumber of any sort is planed or finished, in
addition to the rates herein provided, there shall be
levied and paid for each side so planed or finished one
dollar per thousand feet; and if planed on one side
and tongued and grooved, two dollars per thousand
feet; and if planed on two sides and tongued and
grooved, $2 50 per thousand feet.
On hubs for wheels, posts, last-blocks, wagon-
blocks, oar-blocks, gun-blocks, heading-blocks, shin-
gte bolts and stave holts, and all like blocks orsticks,
rough-hewn, or sawed only ten per cent, ad valorem.
On pickets, palings, and lath, ten per eent. ad
valorem.
On pine and ccdar shingles, fifty cents per thou-
sand.
On spruce shingles, thirty cents per thousand.
On pine clapboards, two dollars per thousand.
On spruce clapboards, $1 50 per thousand.
On house or cabinet furniture, in pieces, or rough
and not finished, thirty per ccnt. ad valorem.
On cabinet wares and house furniture, finished,
forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On casks and barrels, empty, and on sugar-box
shooks, and packing-boxes of wood, not otherwise
provided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem: Provided',
That casks, barrels, or carboys, and other vessels, and
grain bags, the manufacture of the United States,
if exported containing American produce, and declar-
ation be made of intent to return the same empty,
shall be admitted free of duty under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. „ , tl ...
On all manufactures of weod, not otherwise herein
provided for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr, FESSENDEN. In lines twenty and
twenty-one of that section, page 94, I move to
strike out the words "shingle bolts and stave
bolts." We propose to put them on the free
list.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a typograph-
ical error in the second line of this section.
The word "heretore" should be "hereto-
fore }'
The PRESIDING OFF CER. That cor-
rection will be made. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-nine I
