614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2%
move to strike out the words *' in pieces^ or 5"
so as to read: -
On house or cabinet furniture, rough and not fin-
ished, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the* amendment was
to.
. ^Ir. FESSENDEN. I9 line thirty-one, after
the word uand" I move to insert "cabinet
and;" so as to read; -
On cabinet wares and cabinet and house furniture,
finished, forty-five per cent. o,d valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-eight,
after the word "produce/' I move to strike
out the words "and declaration be made of
intent to return the same empty;" and m line
thirty-nine, after the word "shall," to insert
"when returned empty;" so that the proviso
will read:
Provided, That casks, barrels, or carboys, and other
vessels, and grain bags, the manufacture of the tjni-
ted States, if exported containing American produce,
shajl, when returned empty, be admitted free of duty
under such regulations as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section seventeen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That, from and"
after the passage of this act, in lieu of the duties here-
tofore imposed by law on the importation of the ar-
ticles hereinafter mentioned, there shjiU be levied,
collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise enumerated and provided for in this section,
imported from foreign countries, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On blacking of all kinds, forty per cent, ad valo-
rem.
On bladders, and all integuments of animals, not
otherwise provided for, prepared or not prepared,
except catgut and whipgut, twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem. ■
On bone manufactures of every description, not
otherwise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On bones ground and bone-dust, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On bristles, fifteen cents per pound.
Oil busts or casts of plaster, or of earths, alabaster,
bronze, or metal, and on all figures, moldings, and
ornaments, statues, statuettes of plaster, alabaster,
earths, bronze, or metal, not otherwise herein pro-
vided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On candles of tallow, two and one half cents per
poun&.
On candles and tapers of wax, spermaceti, or para-
fine, wholly or m part, eight cents per pound.
On candles of other mixed materials, and of stear-
ine, five cents per pound.
On can es for walking, of every descri ption, finished
or unfinished, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On carriages, wagons, and vehicles of every de-
scription, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Provided, That vehicles in actual and ne«essary
use, as the property of emigrants crossing the front-
ier from the British North American Provinces,
shall be admitted free of duty.
On cider, twenty per ccnt. ad valorem.
On clocks and parts of clocks, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
On all manufactures of cork, not otherwise herein
provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On crucibles of sand or earths, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On cruciblcs or pots of black lead or plumbago,
wholly or in part, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On fish skins, raw, or not manufactured, ten per
ccnt. ad valorem.
On gold-beaters' molds, and gold-beaters' skins,
ten per cent, ad valorem.
On inkstands of every description, forty per cent.
ad valorem.
On jellies of every description, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On matches of every description, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On mathematical and philosophical instruments, of
whatever material composed, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On moss, sea-weed,and all like vegetable substances,
used for beds and mattresses, twenty per ccnt. ad
valorem.
On musical instruments, and parts of instruments
. of every description, and music strings of metal or
gut, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On percussion «aps, ten cents per thousand, and in
addition thereto, forty per eent. ad valorem.
On common pipes of clay for smoking, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On pipes of meerschaum, of earthenware* porce-
lain, glass, or wood, and all other tobacco-smoking
pipes and pipe-bowls, and on pipe stems, mountings
and fixtures, cigar-stands and cigar-holders, of eveiy
material, seventy-five per cent, ad valorem.
On plows, harrows, wheelbarrows, and all agri-
cultural implements, not otherwise hcreiA provided
for, thirtv-five per ccnt. ad valorem.
On <iuill* and quill manufactures, thirty per cent.
ad valorem.
On whalebone of foreign fishing, twenty per cent.
ad valorem. .
On oziers or willows, unmanufactured, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures of whalebone, not otherwise
herein provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Ijpon all fabrics or unmanufactured articles, m
whole or in part, not herein otherwise provided for,
except such as are included in the free list, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid duties at the rate
of thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all raw or unmanufactured articles, not enu-
merated or provided for in this act, ten per ccnt. ad
valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word'<emigrants''
in line thirty-two should be "immigrants."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line fifty-eight,
page 97, after "mattresses," I move to insert
"not herein otherwise provided forso that
the clause will read:
On moss, sea-weed, andalllikevegetablesubstances,
used for beds and mattresses, not herein otherwise
provided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
•Mr. FESSENDEN. Mter line seventy-
three I move to insert the following :
On pula or pulu, two cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ In line eighty-three
after the words "provided for," I move to
strike out the words '' except such as are in-
cluded in the free list."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section eighteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned and embraced in this
section shall be exempt from duty, that is to say:
ambergris; annatto, in rolls; annatto seed; articles
imported for the use of the United States: Provided,
That the price paid to the importer does not include
the duty; articles, the growth, produce, or manufac-
ture of the United States, when returned in the same
condition as exported: Provided, That proof of iden-
tity be made under such regulations as the Secre-
tary o££he Treasury shall prescribe, and such mer-
chandise be admitted to entry, if of such character
was at the time of original exportation charged with
internal revenue or duties, unless payment of such
internal ^ax be made, or sufficient proof shall bo
made that such internal tax was not refunded at the
time of exportation; bamboos; barks, Peruvian,
Lima, calisaya, and all cinchona barks; beeswax,
crude or unbleached; bells, old, and old bell-metal;
berries and nuts, used in dyeing or m composing
dyes, not otherwise herein provided for; but no such
articles shall be classed as such that has undergone
any manufacture; bismuth: bleaching powders or
chloride of lime; bolting cloths; bones, crude, not
manufactured; burr stone, in blocks, rough or not
manufactured, and not bound up into millstones;
Brazil wood, brazilletto, and all other dye woods in
sticks; bullion, gold and silver; cabinets of either
coins, medals, or gems, especially imported a3 objecis
of taste, and not for sale; calamus, dragon's blood;
catechu or cntch; catgut and whipgut; cadmium;
castor or castoreum; coins, gold, silver, or copper;
collections of antiquities, especially imported as ob-
jects of taste andnot forsalc; copper, when imported
for the United States Mint; cochineal; coral, unmanu-
factured; cornelian, unmanufactured; cudbear; cry-
olite; diamond dust or bort; divi-divi; eggs; esparto,
or Spanish grass; felt, patent adhesive, forships' bot-
toms: firewood; fish, fresh, for immediate consump-
tion ; fish, for bait; fol. digitalis; glass, when old and
not in pieces, which can bo cut for use. and fit only to
be remanufactured; gold, silver, and platinum; gam-
bier; guano; gypsum, earthy; gypsuui, all crude;
guttapercha, crude; hair of the horse, lonsr, and
used for weaving, cleansed or not, horse and cow,
not cleansed and dressed; hair, hog, not cleansed or
dressed; hemlock bark; hemlock bark, extract of;
hoofs,hornnndhorn-tipc; ice; iridium; India-rubber,
crudo; India-rubber,milk of; indigo: ivory, unman-
ufactured; ivory, vegetable, unmanufactured; jet,
unmanufactured; junk, old; jute buts; kelp and ba-
rilla; lac. crude; lac, stick; lava, unmanufactured;
leeches; lithographic stone5?, not engraved; leaves for
dyeing; logs and unmanufactured timber; litmus
and all litchens, not prepared: machinery, steam,
for agricultural purposes; madder root of all kinds,
ground and unground; munjcct or India madder;
manuscripts; manures; masts and spars, undressed;
medals, when imported as objects of taste, and not
for pale; models of inventions aud other improve-
ments in the arts: Provided, That no article or arti-
cles shall be deemed a model or improvement which
can bo fitted for use. Nutgnll1*; mix vomica: oak
bark; oakum and old junk; oils, spermaceti, whale,
and other fish oils of American fisheries, and all
other articles the produce of such fisheries: oil. co-
coanut; orchil or archil, in the weed or liquid: oys-
ters: palm leaf and palmetto loaf, unmanufactured;
palm oil; paper waste, or wa^te material of any kind,
fit only lor the manufacture of paper; pearl, mother
of: Persian berries or yellow berries, for dyeing: per-
son al or household effects, not merchandise, if accom-
panied by the owner, or if of American citizens dying
abroad with a certified list omnvoice from a consul
or commercial agent of,the United States; wearing
apparel in use, professional books, implements and
tools of trade, occupation, or employment of immi-
grants: Provided, That this exemption shall not
include machinery or tools for use in a manufactur-
ing establishment; paintings, statuary, fountains,
and other works of art, the production of American
artists residing abroad: Provided, That the same be
imported in good faith as objects of taste, and not of
merchandise; paintings and statuary imported ex-
pressly for presentation to national, State, or munici-
pal institutions; phosphates for fertilizing purposes;
plants, trees, shrubs, and seeds, imported by the De-
partment of Agriculture for distribution; plants,
trees, shrubs, and seeds, imported especially for cul-
tivation, and not for sale or as merchandise; plaster
of Paris, orsulphatoof lime, unground; platinum, un-
manufactured; platinum vases or retorts, for chem-
ical uses; potash, crude; pearlash, crude; pumice-'
stone; rags, cotton, linen, jute, and hemp; railroad
ties, (of wood;) ratans, unmanufactured; reeds, un-
manufactured; rotten-stone; roucou; saffron i.saf-
flower; seaweeds, not otherwise specially provided
for; shrimps; sandalwood; shells, of every descrip-
tion, not manufactured; silk, raw, or as reeled^or
rereeled from the cocoon in the country of origin,
and not doubled, twisted, or advanced in manufac-
ture any way; silk cocoons and silk waste, and eggs
of the silk-worm; spars, (see masts and spars;) speci-
mens of natural history, botany, and mineralogy,
when imported as objects of taste, and not for sale;
sponges; sulphur, crude; sumac; teazles; timber,
round, and not advanced by manufacturing; Umber,
ship; tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks; tortoise and other
shell,unmanufactured; tumeric; terra japonica; tur-
tles, and other shell-fish; weld, woad or pastel;
wood ashes; wood ashes, lye of; woods, namely:
cedar, lignumvit®, laneewood, ebony, box, grana-
dilla, mahogany, rosewood, satinwood, in the log or
stick, and all cabinet woods unmanufactured.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After " ambergris,"
in line five, I move to itisert:
Animals imported as specimens of natural history.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-three,
after the word "old," I move to insert the
words "and fit only to be remanufactured
so aa to read:
Bells, old, and fit only to be remanufactured, and
old bell-metal.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line thirty, page
99, I move to insert the following as a new
paragraph:
Bones calcined and bono ash, imported for the
manufacture of phosphates and fertilizers.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
line forty-five on page 100, in these words :
Copper, when imported for the United States Mint.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty-nine,
page 101, a new paragraph should be made
after the word '! not' the word 11 hair: should
be inserted after the word " cow," and "or"'
should be inserted instead of "and;'' so as to
read:
Hair of the horse, long, and used for weaving,
eleanscd or not.
Horse and cow hair, not cleansed or dressed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and twenty-two, page 103, after the words
*' United States," I move to insert the follow-
ing:
Household furniture, and effects, books, and paint-
ings actually in use by the diplomatic, consular, or
other officers of the United States in foreign countries,
imported for tho use of the owners, and not as mer-
chandise.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and thirty-one I move to strike out the word
"and" "between the words "paintings" and
"statuary," and after the word "statuary" to
insert "fountains and other works of art;"
and in line one hundred and thirty-two, after
the word "State," to insert the words "edu-
cational, religious;" so that the clause will
read :
Paintings, statuary, femntnius, and other works of
