1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
stations issuing notes as money to secure
them, beyond any conceivable contingency,
bv deposits with the Treasurer of the United
States; thus, without the agency of a natipnal
bank, providing a national currency which
would save the Government and people from
losses, of which there was constant danger,
from a local and unsecured circulation. The
national banking system was intended, while
not invading the rights of the States, nor dam-
aging private interests, to furnish the people
with a permanent paper circulation. The Uni-
ted States notes were intended to meet a tem-
porary emergency, and to be retired when the
emergency had passed.
The present Secretary was not the advocate
of the national banking system, and claims only
the credit of having used his best efforts, as
Comptroller, to put it into successful operation.
But he has no hesitation in pronouncing it a
vast improvement upon the systems which it
superseded, and one admirably adapted to our
peculiar form of Government, There are sub-
stantial objections to all banks of issue, and if
none existed in the United States it might be
very questionable if any should be introduced; t
but having taken the place of the State banks,
and furnishing as they do a circulation as free :
from objection as any that is likely to be pro-
vided, tiie Secretary is of the opinion that the
national banks should be sustained, and that
the paper circulation of the country should be
reduced, not by compelling them to retire their
notes, but by the withdrawal of the United
States notes.
The Secretary is not unmindful of the saving
of interest which results to the Government by
the use of its own currency, nor of the favor with
■which this currency is regarded by the people :
but all considerations of this nature are more
than counterbalanced by the discredit which
attaches to the Government by failing to pay
its notes according to their tenor, by the bad
influence of this voluntary discredit upon the
public morals, and the wide departure which a
continued issue of legal-tender notes involves
from past usages, if not from the teachings
of the Constitution itself. The Government
cannot exercise powers not conferred by its
organic law or necessary for its own preserva-
tion, nor dishonor its own engagements when
able to meet them, without either shocking or
demoralizing the sentiment of the people; and
the fact that the indelinite continuance of the
circulation of an inconvertible but still legal-
tender currency is generally advocated, indi-
cates how far we have wandered from old land-
marks both in finance and ethics. The views
of the Secretary on this point were so fully ex-
pressed in his former report that it is not neces-
sary to restate them. It is sufficient to say that
his opinions are unchanged, and that reflection
and observation during the past year have as-
sured him of their correctness. Anxious as he
is to lighten the public burdens and reduce the
public debt, he does not hesitate to advise that
these notes be withdrawn from circulation, and
that the furnishing of what papercurrency may
he required be left to corporations, under ex-
isting laws and such amendment of these laws as
experience may dictate for the better protec-
tion and advancement of the public interest.
How rapidly they may be retired must depend
upon the effect which contraction may have
upon business and industry, and can be better
determined as the work progresses. The re-
duction could probably be increased from four
millions per month, as contemplated by the act
of April 12, 1866, to six millions per month for
the present fiscal year, and to ten millions per
month thereafter, without preventing a steady
conversion of the interest-bearing bonds, or
injuriously affecting legitimate business. No
determinate scale of reduction would, however,
in the present condition of our affairs, be ad-
visable. The policy of contracting the circu-
lation of Government notes should be definitely
and unchangeably established, and the process
•Bhould go on just as rapidly as possible without
producing a financial crisis or seriously embar-
rassing those branches of industry and trade
upon which our revenues are dependent. There
is a great adaptability in the business of the
United States, and it will easily accommodate
itself to any policy which the Government may
adopt. That the policy indicated is the true
and safe one the Secretary is thoroughly con-
vinced. If it shall not be speedily adopted and
rigidly but judiciously enforced, severe finan-
cial troubles are in store for us.
The Secretary cordially approves what is said
by the acting Comptroller of the Currency, in
his report, in regard to the importance of fur-
nishing the people of the South with the bank-
note circulation which their business may
require, and agrees with him in the opinion
which he expresses of the beneficial results,
political, financial, and social, to be effected
by the organization of national banks in the
southern States, but he cannot recommend an
increase of the bank-note circulation of the
country beyond $300,000,000, and hopes that
the necessities of those States may be supplied
rather by a reduction of the amount awarded
to other States than by an increase of the
volume of currency.
The third remedy suggested is a revision of
the tariff for the purpose of harmonizing it
with internal taxes, a reduction of taxes upon
raw material, &c.
The sixty-sixth section of the act entitled '1 An
act to reduce internal taxation, fcc.," approved
July 13, 1866, provides: " That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint
an officer in his Department, who shall be
styled ' special commissioner of the revenue,'
whose office shall terminate in four years from
the 30th day of June, I860. It shall be the
duty of the special commissioner of the rev-
enue to inquire into all the sources of national
revenue, and the best method of collecting the
revenue ; the relation of foreign trade to domes-
tic industry ; the mutual adjustment of the
systems of taxation by customs and excise,
with the view of insuring the requisite revenue
with the least disturbance or inconvenience to
the progress of industry and the development
of the resources of the country ; and to inquire,
from time to time, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, into the manner in
which officers charged with the administration
and collection of the revenues perform their
duties. And the said special commissioner
of the revenue shall, from time to time, re-
port through the Secretary of the Treasury to
Congress, either in the form of a bill or other-
wise, such modifications of the rates of tax-
ation, or of the methods of collecting the rev-
enues, and such other facts pertaining to the
trade, industry, commerce, or taxation of the
country, as he may find, by actual observation
of the operation of the law, to be conducive
to the public interest."
On the 16th day of July last, Mr. David A.
Wells was appointed special commissioner of
the revenue, und«r the authority above recited,
and he was instructed to proceed at once to
perform the contemplated work, giving his chief
attention to the tariff, with the view of ascer-
taining what modifications are required to adjust
it to the system of internal taxes, stimulate
industry, and make labor more productive.
The ability displayed by Mr. Wells in the
performance of his duties as one of the com-
missioners for the revision of the internal reve-
nue laws, and the heartiness with which he is
prosecuting his investigations, give the best
assurance that he will perform the work in a
manner creditable to himself, and satisfactory
to Congress and the people. The Secretary
addressed to him on the 14th day of September,
1860, a letter, from which the following is
extracted: "In view of the fact that the re-
vision of the tariff is certain to engage the
attention of Congress at its next session, I con-
sider it especially desirable that the Treasury
Department should be prepared to furnish as
much information pertinent to the subject as
can be obtained and collected within the limited
time available for the necessary investigations.
You are, therefore, hereby requested to give
the subject of the revision of the tariff especial
attention, and to report a bill which, if approved
by Congress, will be a substitute for all acts
imposing customs duties, and which will render
the administration of this branch of the revenue
system more simple, economical, and effective.
"In the discharge of this duty, you will con-
sider the necessity of providing for a large,
certain, and permanent revenue, recollecting
the fact that the existing tariff has proved most
effective in this direction. You will, therefore,
endeavor, first, to secure for the Government
a revenue commensurate with its necessities:
and secondly, to propose such modifications of
the tariff laws now in force as will better adjust
and equalize the duties upon foreign imports
with the internal taxes upon home productions.
If this last result can be obtained without det-
riment to the revenue, by reducing taxation
upon raw materials and the machinery of home
productions, rather than by increasing the rates
of imports, it would, in my opinion, by decreas-
ing the cost of production and increasing the
purchasing power of wages, greatly promote
the interests of the whole country."
There is no subject>which has in times past
provoked so much discussion, and in regard to
which opinions have differed so widely, as the
tariff. It has been a standing matter of sec-
tional and political strife for nearly half a
century, and the sentiment of the people in
regard to it is still quite as much divided as
when the discussion of it commenced. Al-
ways a complex and difficult question, it is
particularly so at the present time. Prior to
the rebellion it had no relation to internal
taxes, for this form of Federal taxation was
then unknown to our people. It had little
conncction with the currency, for, until the
year 1802, although the banks had repeatedly
suspended specie payments, specie was the
only legally recognized standard of value in
the United States. Now, the question of the
tariff is to be considered in connection with a
permanent system of internal taxes and a de-
preciated, but, it is hoped, a temporary, legal-
tender currency. It is obvious that a scale of
duties upon imports which might have been
sufficient, judicious, and beneficial when there
were no internal Federal taxes, and business
was conducted upon a specie basis, may be
insufficient, injudicious, and injnrious now. A
large revenue is at present indispensable for
the payment of the ordinary expenses of the
Government, the interest upon the public debt,
and for a gradual and regular reduction of the
principal. Free trade, although in accord with
the principles of the Government and the
instincts of the people, cannot be adopted as a
policy as long as the public debt exists in any-
thing like its present magnitude. The long-
hoped for period when there shall be no legal
obstructions to a free exchange of commodi-
ties between the United States and other coun-
tries is still far in the future. Duties upon
imports are not only necessary for revenue,
but also for the protection of those home
interests upon which heavy internal taxes are
to be assessed. The question now before the
qountry is. therefore, one of adaptation rather
than principle. How shall the necessary rev-
enue be raised under a system of internal and
external taxes without sustaining monopolies,
without repressing industry, without discour-
aging enterprise, without oppressing labor?
In other words, how shall the revenue be
raised in a manner the least oppressive to the
people, without checking the prosperity and
growth of the country? The Secretary is not
disposed to discuss the question in this report.
This will, it is expected, Jse done elaborately
and thoroughly in the report of the commis-
sioner. He desires, however, to call attention
to a few important facts in regard to some
branches of business in the United States, the
consideration of which may tend to give a
