1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BIS
art, imported expressly for presentation to national,
State, educational, religious, or municipal institu-
tions.
The amendment* to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and forty-four, after the word "rags," I move
to insert the word "of," and at the end of the
line to insert the words "suitable only for the
manufacture of paper j" so that the clause
will read:
Bags of cotton, linen, jute, and hemp, suitable
only for the manufacture of paper.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and forty-six another "t" should be inserted
in the word "ratans."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made for the sake of orthography.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Between lines one
hundred and forty-seven and one hundred
and forty-eight I move to insert the following
paragraph:
Regalia, meaning thereby articles only worn on the
persons of priests or their officials, or useel by hand
in the performance of religious ceremonies.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and fifty-six I move to strike out the word
"or," after the word "raw;" and also the
words "or rereeled," in the same line; and
after the word "cocoon" to insert the words
"or rereeled;" so that the clause will read:
Silk, raw, as reeled from the cocoon, or rereeled in
the eoantry of origin, and not doubled, twisted, or
advanced in manufacture, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line one hundred
and sixty-three I move to insert:
Stave-bolts and shingle-bolts.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
line one hundred an3 sixty-nine, as follows:
Tin in pigs, bars, or Blocks.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make some
few amendments in the part, of the bill that
has not yet been read, and if it is the pleasure
of the Senate to suspend the further reading
of the bill until to-morrow, I am willing that
it shall go over and come up as the unfinished
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
taken to be the pleasure of the Senate unless
objection be made that the further reading of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the understand-
ing that it will come up as the unfinished
business.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating in oSedience to law statements
by the Chief of Ordnance showing the orders
given and the purchases made by the Ordnance
office during the year ending December 31.
1806 ; a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating in obedience to law the Quarter-
master General's statement of contracts made
by that Department from July 1 to December
SI, 1866; a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating in obedience to law a list of
contracts made by the officers and agents of
the Engineer Department duringthe year 1866 ;
and a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of December 17, 1866, reports of
the assistant commissioners of freedmen, and
a synopsis of the laws respecting persons of
color in the late slave States, reported in favor
of printing the same; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of De-
cember 19,1866, certain information in respect
to the progress made in collecting the prod-
ucts and also the weights, measures, and
coins of the United States for exhibition at
the Universal Exposition to be held at Paris
during the present year ; which, with the ac-
companying documents, on motion of Mr.
Sumner, was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
HOUSE BILL REEERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate the
sale of gold by the Secretary of the Treasury,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 21, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the call of States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference only, and not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
INCREASE OF COMPENSATION 01? CRIERS, ETC.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill to increase the compensation of
criers and tipstaves of the circuit and district
court of the United States held in the cities
of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Brooklyn, New Orleans, and San Fran-
cisco ; which was read a first and second time,
and' referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. . •
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. BUCKL AND introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An actio provide ways ajid
means to support the Government," approved
March 3,1865; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
PUBLICATION OF LAWS, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill providing
for the publication of the laws and judicial and
other notices in the States recently in rebel-
lion ; which was read -a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
TENNESifeE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Tennessee
river; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
MICHIGAN CITY HARBOR COMPANY.
The SPEAKER (placing Mr. Farquhar in
the chair for the time and taking his place upon
the floor as a Representative from Indiana)
introduced a bill in relation to the Michigan
City Harbor Company; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BAKER. I introduce the following
joint resolution, and ask that it be referred to
the Judiciary Committee:
Resolved, First, that tho ten communities lately in
armed rebellion against the U nited States of America,
known as the States of Virginia, North Carolina,
, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, were left
without civii governments upon the overthrow of said
armed rebellion; second, that the pretended govern-
mentssince set up therein throusrhtbemilitary inter-
ference of the President of the United States, are de
facto governments of military origin, without civil
foundations, and are not valid Stats governments
under the Constitution of the United States and
could only become such, if at all, by being so recog-
nized and declared by Congress in due form of law.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BAKER. I ask that this joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, unless the Speaker shall decide it must
go under the rale to the joint select Commit-
tee on Reconstruction..
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ,
will be so referred.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order;
the resolution cannot be referred without the
question being put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires its ref-
erence without debate. ,
Mr. FINCK. Without a vote ? Is not the
House to judge whether, a resolution shall be
referred or not ?
The SPEAKER. By the rule it must be
referred.
Mr. FINCK. Is a motion to lay upon the
table in order ?
The SPEAKER. Not under the rule. If
the gentleman prefers another committee he
can make that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rose to a question of
order at the same time that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Fixck] did, inteudingto askwhether
this joint resolution did not go to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair examined it
and thought not, as it did not refer even- indi-
rectly to the question of the representation of
the so-called confederate States, and the rule
of the House is that all papers relating to the
representation of the so-called confederate
States shall be referred to the joint Committee
on Reconstruction without debate.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BROMWELL. .1 ask leave to offer a
jxiint resolution declaring thepower of amend-
ing the Constitution, and I ask that it be read.
The joint resolution was read, and is as fol-
lows :
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That whereas the Constitution of tho
United States provides that Congress, whenever two
tbirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
propose amendments to the Constitution which,
when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of
the States, shall be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of the said Constitution; and whereas the
number of the States lawfully entitled to represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States is twenty-
six; and whereas the several States of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Texas did attempt, by acts of secession from the
Union and by confederating with each other, to form
a separate government foreign to the United States,
and by war upon the Government of tho United
States to wholly separate themselves severally and
collectively from the United States, and did openly
by such acts of secession, confederation, and war
deny all allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and did by their several Legislatures and by
their several conventions called for that purpose,
and by their several Governors and by their judici-
aries, and by the ratification of their people respect-
ively, eDgagein a common cause to wholly subvert the
power and authority of the United States through-
out all their several limits; and did by their Gov-
ernors, Legislatures, and people make war against
the United States, and continue said war, acting as
a belligerent power, until finally overthrown as such
power by the military force of the United States m
open war, and by that means only did take undis-
puted possession of the territory embraced in said
several States, and has from thence bitherto main-
tained and still maintains military occupation of said
territory; and whereas by means of the premises
the said several States were left at the close of said
war without civil government, and no governments
have as yet been formed in any of said States by or
with the consent of Congress; and whereas, to par-
ticipate in altering or amending the Constitution of
the Union can only be done by States of the Union,
and is the discharge of the highest function possible
in a State of the Union—a function derived wholly
from its status in tho Union: Therefore,
Resolved, That in ratifying amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, as well thdsenow
pending as those which may hereafter be proposed
by Congress, the said several States are not entitled
to any vote, and aro wholly incapable either of ac-
cepting or rejecting any such amendment, so as to
bind thereby the loyal States of the union, until
they shall severally be restored-to their'former rela-
tion to the Union, in full power and competency as
States of tho Union, by consent of the Tainted States
through the Congress thereof; and that when any
