1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1B79
idea which I intend to convey is that it may
well be supposed that in the future of our
country, or even at the present time, there
may be a class of population now existing in
some of the States, or to be hereafter intro-
duced into those States, whom it would be wise
and proper for the peace and welfare of the
State to exclude from the exercise of the right
of suffrage ■. while any danger growing out of
an injudicious or arbitrary exercise of the
authority that will be provided by the intro-
duction of this amendment into the provision
can be obviated by the fact that whatsoever it
shall be is subject to the approval of Congress.
Congress, at least, is to be the ultimate judge,
and no constitution can have any validity until
it receives the sanction of Congress under the
provisions of this act.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I shall be
constrained to vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana to the amendment; and
I desire here to make my confession that I
shall vote for the main amendment with ex-
treme reluctance, and one of the principal
reasons why I shall do so is, that it does place
these States upon a condition of inequality
under the Government. By this provision we
are imposing arbitrarily upon these States
conditions which we are not willing to assume
for ourselves; but, sir, I am so exceedingly
desirous to see connected with this military
bill some provision looking to the civil reor-
ganization of those States that I shall be con-
strained to vote for it whefeer the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana prevails or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the proposed amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will withdraw the
amendment which I proposed and submit it to
the Senate when the bill comes into the Sen-
ate. I do this at the suggestion of some of
the friends of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment to the amendment is with-
drawn ; and the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the amend-
ment, as the Senate are avvare, was not pro-
posed by me in the first instance. It came
From the Senator from Oregon, and I supposed
had received the as^nt of the gentlemen of
the Senate with whom he is politically asso-
ciated. I was very much surprised, therefore,
this morning when he rose and informed us
that it was his purpose to withdraw it, because
he believed that it might either in the House
cause a defeat of the bill, or that its defeat
might be effected by a presidential veto. I
was amazed for two reasons: first, because I
supposed the honorable member had maturely
considered the amendment and had come to
the conclusion that -without it the bill was
objectionable. I was amazed because to me
it seems very singular that the Senate of the
United States should be controlled in the exer-
cise of its own judgment by the apprehended
conduct of the other branch, and, if possible,
yet more amazed that it was to be controlled
by the possible action of the Executive. Mr.
President, in the beginning of the Govern-
ment either of these references would have
been considered out of order. The Senate of
the United States is an independent body, and
authorized and bound, in my judgment, to
exercise its own discretion upon all matters
submitted to it, without the slightest regard to
what they may suppose to be the opinions of
any other department of the Government. I
therefore at once, and without consulting the
political friends with whom it is my pleasure
generally to act, renewed the amendment, and
1 now rise to assign very briefly the reasons
which have induced me to offer it.
The Senate are not to be informed, nor are
my own constituents, who have taken any in-
terest in my public course in this body during
the rebellion or since its termination, that I
differ from the majority of the Senate entirely
as to the condition in which the States are
placed in consequence of the rebellion. I have
held from the first to the last, and maintain
the opinion still, that the States are now States
of the Union, entitled to all the rights and
bound by all the obligations which the Consti-
tution confers and imposes upon States and
citizens. I have believed from the first, and
still believe, consequently, that the citizens of
these States are entitled to all the guarantees
of personal liberty which the Constitution se-
cures ; that they are entitled to the trial by jury;
that they are not under any circumstances to
be subjected to any authority which Congress
may exercise in the exertion of its war power,
except—if that exception exists—during the
existence of a war. In my judgment, the
whole authority of the United. States in carry-
ing on the late civil war was because of its
obligation to suppress insurrections, and con-
sequently that the moment the insurrections
were suppressed the power terminated, and
the States where it prevailed were restored to
the condition in which they stood antecedent
to such insurrection. I have seen no reason
to change that opinion, and I think the opin-
ion stands confirmed by everything which fell
from our fathers during the deliberations of
the Convention which framed and submitted
the Constitution of the United States to the
ratification of the people.
But, Mr. President, I have seen with sur-
prise that while the executive department of
the Government recognizes the people and the
States where the insurrection once existed as
the people of States and as States, and while
the judicial department give to them the same
recognition, this, the legislative department of
the Government is the only one which denies
to them such rights. We have lately, as well
as during the last session,_ appointed_ judges,
appointed marshals, appointed district attor-
neys, appointed tax-gatherers, appointed post-
masters, for these States, in like manner and
in the exercise of the same power, in and under
which we have appointed them for the other
States, without the slightest distinction. The
Supreme Court of the United States now at
this moment, as well as at the last session, are
entertaining appeals and writs of error taken
or prosecuted from the decisions of the supe-
rior courts of the States, as I think they are,
of the South. Bills are now depending before
it, and without the objection from any quarter
of the authority of the States to present them,
filed by States which were in insurrection
against other States that were not in insurrec-
tion, although it was perfectly open, on objec-
tion by demurrer or by plea, that the State
suing was not a State of the United States,
and consequently not entitled to sue, not en-
titled to invoke the original jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
There is now pending, instituted by one of
the States you propose to place under military
rule, a bill by the State of Virginia against
West Virginia to settle a disputed question of
boundary, and that disputed question of bound-
ary must be decided as against West Virginia,
even if the court should not entertain juris-
diction at the instance of the State of Virginia,
if it be true that the State of Virginia is not
now a State in the Union, if she was not when
she agreed to divide herself and to have created
within her original limits the State of West
Virginia. And yet no lawyer in that forum,
no statesman, if there be any such, and I sup-
pose there are as many there as there are in
any of the States of the Union, has ventured
to deny the light of the State of Virginia to file
that bill upon the ground that she was no State
within the meaning of the clause which gives
original jurisdiction to the Supreme Court of
the United States in cases between State and
State. No member of this body now, how-
ever it may have been some time ago, denies
that West Virginia is a State of the United
States; but if the consequence of the insur-
rection of Virginia was while West Virginia
was within her limits that she ceased to be a
State of the Union, she had no authority to
assent to a division of her own territory; and
if the proposition necessarily involved m this
bill be true, ray friends who so ably represent
West Virginia have no place in this Chamber.
And yet no member of the body suggests that
they shall be removed upon the ground that
they were improperly admitted.
Entertaining the view I have held from the
first, and having an instinctive repugnance,
made the stronger by historical reading, and
still stronger, if possible, by what I have seen
since this war commenced, to military rule,
there is no condition of things which could
induce me to vote for a bill which is to place
under such military rule any portion of the
United States. There have been occasions
during the late war when I believed that the
safety of the country demanded the exercise
of powers more or less doubtful, and when I
was willing to see them exercised, being deter-
mined to have the country saved from the peril
to its existence in which it was then placed;
but that peril was from insurrection, culminated
into a civil war, which aimed to dismember and
destroy ^jur Government. That insurrection
is at an end. I am not required to place the
truth of that fact upon any assertion of my
own; the very amendments before us in rela-
tion to the restoration of these States admit
that the insurrection is at an end. The Recon-
struction Committee, to whom this subject was
referred at the last session, and in whose hands
it has been since, when they reported an article
for an amendment to the Constitution reported
a bill to accompany it; first, as conclusive evi-
dence to show that in the opinion of a majority
of that body those States were then States, the
constitutional amendment was submitted to the
States ; secondly, because the bill itself in its
preamble stated that "it is expedient that the
'States lately in insurrection" should be re-
stored to their relations to the United States,
and the very title of the bill was, "A bill to
provide for restoring theStates lately in insur-
rection to their full political rights."
That being the position in which, as I sup-
pose, the States stand, the Senate will not be
surprised when I state, or repeat what I stated
this morning, that under no circumstances can
I vote for the bill as it is, unless it be so amended
so as entirely to alter its nature. What is its
nature? What is its preamble? The honor-
able Senators who suppose that the preamble
is true—and it is not for me to say that they are
not sincere in that opinion—place the right to
pass this bill upon the ground that the States
are now in a condition of war, in insurrection,
in rebellion. What is war as against the_ Gov-
ernment of the United States? What is insur-
rection? Must there not be some effort upon
the part of those alleged to be at war with the
United States, or in insurrection against its
authority, to make good by force of arms, or
in some other way, their position ? Can there
be an insurrection where the authority of the
Government is submitted to? Whatever may
be the occasional acts of violence that are com-
mitted from time to time in these southern
States they constitute no insurrection. The
authority of the Government is just as complete,
permit me to say, Mr. President, in these States
as it is now in the State which you represent,
or in Massachusetts or in New York or any
other State; and I believe for myself that l am
justified in asserting that there is less crime
now in the States of the South than there is
either in the State of Massachusetts or in the
State of New York. It is not, therefore, the
criminal acts which from time to time dishonor
the land where.they are perpetrated that con-
stitutes an insurrection. It is the resistance
by force of arms of the authority of the Gov-
ernment. . .
Why was the clause inserted in the Constitu-
tion to which resort was had in carrying on the
late war. Our Government was intended to
consist, and docs consist, of a Government
the whole and governments for the parts 0,1
which the whole consists. The large mass ot
powers necessary to the existence of any Gov-
ernment was npt only conferred upon the jov-
ernment of thp United States, but was ex-
press!/ fesejyed to the governments of the
