10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
— 4.
Ho. of Reps.
lieport of the Secretary of the Treasury.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
proper direction -to the public mind upon a
question so absorbing and important.
No single interest in the United States, fos-
tered although it may be by legislation, can
long prosper at the expense of other great in-
terests. Nor can any important interests be
crushed by unwise or unequal laws, without
other interests being thereby prejudiced. For
illustration: the people of the United States
are naturally a commercial ancWmaritime peo-
ple—fond of adventure, bold, enterprising,
persistent. Now, the disagreeable fact must
be admitted, that, with unequalcd facilities
for obtaining the materials, and with acknowl-
edged skill in ship-building ; with thousands
of miles of sea-coast, indented with the finest
harbors in the world; with surplus products
that require in their exportation a large and
increasing tonnage, we can neither profitably
build ships nor successfully compete with
English ships in the transportation of our own
productions. Twenty years ago it was antici-
pated that ere this the United States would be
the first maritime Power in the world. Con-
trary to our anticipations, our foreign com-
merce has declined nearly fifty percent, within
the last six years. The tonnage of American
vessels engaged in the foreign carrying trade
whicli entered United States ports was—•
In ISfiO 5,!)21,2R> tons.
Jnl8(w 2,013,(Ml "
In 1SB6 ....  "
The tonnage 'of such vessels which were
cleared from the United States was—
In 181)0  0,1(55,924 tons.
in i«85 :s.ft25,ru "
In 1800  ,'1.383,170 "
The tonnage of foreign vessels which entered
our ports was—
In 1SG0  2,3S3,flll tons.
In 18U5 KJlfi.OT "
In MM -t,410,421 "
The tonnage of foreign vessels which were
cleared was—
In 1800  U,(i2-1,tm5 tons.
In 18ii5  3,,">!)5,1 "
In 18(56 4,438.381 "
It is true that a large proportion of this dim-
inution of shipping and ship-building was the
effect of the war.' The great destruction of
merchant vessels by rebel cruisers, not only in-
duced sales to neutrals, but discouraged build-
ing. Alter the war. however, the scaroily of
American vessels ought to have produced,
and, but for a redundant currency and high
taxes would have produced, activity in our
ship-yards and a rapid increase of tonnage ;
but, this has not been the case. The prices of
labor and materials arc so high that ship-build-
ing cannot be made profitable in the United
States, and many of our shin-yards are being
practically transferred to the British Provinces.
It is only a few years sinco American ships
were sought after on account of their superi-
ority and cheapness; and large numbers of
vessels were built in Maine and other States
on foreign account,, or sold to foreigners,
while, at the same time, our own mercantile
marine was being rapidly increased. Now
many of our ship-yards are abandoned, and in
others very little activity prevails. It is true
there has recently been some increase in our
foreign tonnage, but a good part of this in-
crease is apparent, only, and is the result^ of
the new rule of admeasurement. It is an im-
portant truth that vessels can be _ built very
much cheaper in the British Provinces than
in Maine. Nay, further, that timber can be
taken from Virginia to the Provinces, and from
these Provinces to England, and there made
into ships whicli can be sold at a profit; while
the same kind of vessels can only bo built in
New England at a loss by the most skillful
and economical builders. But the evil does
not stop here : if the only loss was that which
the countrv sustains.by the discontinuance of
ship-building, there would be less cause of
complaint. It is a well-established general
fact that the people who build ships navigate
them, and that a nation which ceases to build
ships ceases, of consequence, to he a commer-
cial and maritime nation. Unless, therefore,
the causes which prevent the building of ships
in the United States shall cease, the foreign
carrying trade, oven of our own productions,
must*be yielded to other nations. To this
humiliation and loss the people of the United
States ought not to be subjected. If other
branches of industry are to prosper, if agricult-
ure is to bo profitable, and manufactures are
to bo extended, the commerce of the country
must bo restored, sustained, and increased.
The United States will not be a first-class
Power among the nations, nor will her other
industrial interests continue long to prosper as
they ought, if lier commerce shall be permitted
to languish.
The same causes—a redundant currency and
high taxes—that prevent, ship-building, tend
to prevent the building of houses and even of
manufactories. So high are prices of every
description that men hesitate to build dwell-
ings as fast, as thev arc required, and thus
rents are so advanced as to bo oppressive to
lessees, and the healthy growth of towns and
cities is retarded. So it is in regard to manu-
factories. Mills which were built before the
war can be run profitably, but so expensive arc
labor and materials that, new mills cannot lie
erected and put. into operation with any pros-
pect of lair returns upon the investment, unless
upon the expectation that taxes will remain as
they are, and prices be sustained, if they are
not advanced. The same causes are injuriously
directing agriculture! and oilier interests which
it is not necessary to pai tieulai ize. His every-
where observed that existing high prices arc
not only oppressing the masses of the people,
but arc seriously cheeking the development,
growth, and prosperity of the country. It is
not denied that the losses whieh the countrv
has sustained of able-bodied men by the war is
one cause of existing high prices; but mainly
they are the result of a redundant currency
and high taxes.
To raise the large revenue which is now
required, by systems of internal and external
duties,which,working in harmony, shall neither
repress industry nor chock enterprise, and
which shall be so devised as to make taxation
bear most, heavily upon those who are most
benefited by taxes and by the debt which ren-
ders taxation necessary, requires great, practical
knowledge and wise statesmanship. This sub-
ject, always an interesting one to the heavily
indebted nations of Kitrope, has become, as
one of the results of the war, deeply interest-
ing to the people of the United States. The
Secretary does not, as before slated, intend to
discuss it., but, he ventures to suggest that the
following general principles, some of which
have been acted upon by Congress, and the
correctness of all of which have been proved
by other nations, mav be. safely adopted as a
guide to the legislation that is now required:
1. That the fewest number of articles, con-
sistent, with the amount of revenue to be raised,
should be subjected to internal taxes, in order
that the system may be simple in its execution,
and as little offensive and annoying as possible
to the tax-payers.
i. That, the duties upon imported commodi-
ties should correspond and harmonize with the
taxes upon home productions; and that these
duties should not be so high as to bo prohibit-
ory, nor to build up home monopolies, nor to
prevent that free exchange of commodities
whicli is the life of commerce. Nor, on the
other hand, should they be so low as to se-
riously impair the revenues, nor to subject the
home manufacturers, burdened with heavy in-
ternal taxes, to a competition with cheaper
labor and larger capital which they may be
unable to sustain.
3. That the raw materials used in building
and manufacturing, and which are to be largely
enhanced in value by the labor which is to be
expended upon them, should be exempted
from taxation, or that the taxes upon thorn
should be low in comparison with the taxes
upon other articles. This is the policy of other
enlightened nations, and it is believed that the
diminution of direct revenue which it would
involve, if adopted by the United States, would
be more than made up by the augmented value
which it would give to labor, and by the in-
crease of productions and of exports which
would be sure to result from it. It should be
constantly borne in mind that taxes upon raw
materials directly increase the cost of produc-
tion, and thus tend either to reduce the prod-
uct of labor or to prevent exportations to for-
eign markets.
4. That the burdens of taxes should fall
chicfly upon those whose interests are protected
by taxation, and upon those to whom the pub-
lic debt is a source of wealth and profit, and
lightly upon the laboring classes, to whom tax-
ation and the debt, are without so many com-
pensatory advantages.
The next of the proposed remedies is an
issue of bonds, bearing interest at the rate of
not exceeding five per cent, and payable in
Kurope, to an amount sufficient, to absorb tho
six per cent, bonds in foreign hands, and sup-
ply the hiuropean demand for United States
securities for permanent investment. No ono
regrets more than the Secretary tho fact that
so large an amount, of our bonds is held abroad,
or the uniortunnte condition of our trade that
has transferred them thither. The opiuipn that
the country has been benefited by the expor-
tation of its securities is founded upon the sup-
position that wo have received real capital 111
exchange for them. This supposition is, to a
large extent., unfounded. Our bonds havegouo
abroad to pay for goods, which, without them,
might not have been purchased. Not only
have we exported the surplus products of our
mines and our fields, with no small amount of
our manufactures, but a largo amount of secu-
rities also, to pay for the articles which wo
have purchased from other countries. That
these purchases have been stimulated and in-
creased by the facility of paying for them in
bonds can hardly bo doubted. Our importa-
tions of goods have been increased by nearly
the amount of the bonds which have been ex-
ported. Not ono dollar in five of the amount
of the live-twenties now held in England and
upon tho Continent, has been returned to the
United States in tho form of real capital. But
if tliis wero not, a true statement of tho case,
the fact, exists, as has been already stated, that
some three hundred and fifty millions of Gov-
ernment bonds—not to mention Slate and rail-
road bonds and other securities—arc in the
hands of tho, citizens of other countries, which
may bo returned at any time for sale in the
United States, and which, being so held, may
seriously embarrass our efforts to return to
specie payments.
After giving the subject, careful considera-
tion, the Secretary lias concluded that it is
advisable that ho should be authorized to issue
bonds not having more than twenty years to
run. and bearing a low rate of interest, paya-
ble in England or Germany, to be used in
taking up the six per ccnts now held abroad,
and in meeting any foreign demand for invest-
ment, that may exist. The question now to be
considered is not., how shall our bonds be pre-
vented from going abroad, for a large amount
has already gone, and others will follow as long
as our credit is good and we continue to buy
more than we can pay for in any other way,
but how shall they be prevented from being
thrown upon the home market to thwart our
efforts in restoring the specie standard. The
Secretary sees no practicable fnethod of doing
this at an early day, but, by substituting for
them bonds which, being payable principal
and interest in Europe, will be less likely to
be returned when their return is the least de-
sired. The holders of our" securities in Europe
are now subject, to great inconvenience and not
a little expense in collecting their coupons;
and it is supposed that five per cent., or per-
haps four and a half per cent, bonds, payable*
