1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• enforced. The present Chief Justice of the
g United States declared it to be his determina-
tion, and I applauded him for it, that ho would
hold 110 court in a State in which martial law
prevailed and the writ of habeas corpus was de-
nied._ You are about to Heclare that in Virginia
martial law is to prevail and the writ of habeas
corpus is n ot to exist in Virginia. If he is con-
sistent with himself, as I am sure he will be, he
will hold no court there. What then? No-
body is to be tried. One man is indicted in
thatState for treason. The Chief Justice has
declined to go there for the purpose of trying
him on that ground heretofore, and he will do
so again.
Mr. President, the amendment is objection-
able to me only upon the ground that it denies
to those States the right of coming into the
Union, entitled tp representation, until they ex-
tend the suffrage, because I believe the right of
suffrage is a matter with which the Congress of
the United States has no concern. I cannot,
therefore, vote for the bill when it shall be
amended as I propose to amend it, and I so
stated when I offered the amendment; but the
bill, in my judgment, will be much less objec-
tionable with the amendment than without it.
The South can bear up under it better with
the amendment than it can without it; and
it will be less obnoxious, though still very
obnoxious to censure with than without it. It
was for that reason I offered the amendment,
and shall give it the support of my vote when
the question shall be taken, and then vote
against the bill whether it succeeds or fails.
It is for the States to decide for themselves
whether they will extend the suffrage as the
amendment provides. If they shall, no one
will have a right to complain; and if they
refuse it, I shall certainly not complain.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I wish to
state in as few words as is practicable my rea-
sons for voting against this amendment. I do
not intend to occupy unnecessarily the time ot
the Senate, but there are certain considerations
addressing themselves to my mind to which I
invite the attention of the friends of this meas-
ure and of the Republican members of the
Senate.
In the the first place, this amendment is a
complete departure from the action of the
Committee on Reconstruction, so far as the
right of suffrage is concerned. That commit-
tee, after having considered the subject referred
to them for some eight months, made their
report to the Senate; indeed, they made sev-
eral reports, but in not one of their reports
did they propose to interfere by the legislation
of Congress, or in the form of an amend-
ment of the Constitution, with the right of suf-
frage within the States. They have carefully
abstained from all attempt to interfere with
that very sacred right. They thought it not
worth while to intermeddle, and I think they
acted wisely. The Senate itself, by repeated
votes, has sanctioned that course. The whole
subject has been discussed with great fullness
and clearness before the people during the
last congressional elections, and the people
have very generally understood that it is not
the purpose of Congress to intermeddle with
the right of the State to regulate the suffrage
of its citizens. The amendment now before
us proposes a different policy. It proposes in
direct terms that we shall interfere in regulat-
ing the suffrage of citizens in the rebel States,
a thing from which the committee industriously
and cautiously abstained. The amendment
proposes as follows:
That when the constitutional amendment proposed
as article fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the United
states, and when any one of the late so-called con-
federate States shall have given its assent to the
frame, and conform edits constitution and laws thereto
in all respects, and when it shall have provided by
its constitution that tli'j elective franchise shall be
enjoyed by at) male citizens of the United States,
twenty-one years old and upward, without regard to
rnce, color, or previous condition of servitude, except
puch as may be disfranchised for participating in the
late robeljion, or for felony atcommon law, and when
said constitution shall have been submitted to the
1381
voters of said State, as thus defined, for ratification
or rejection, and when the constitution, if ratified by
the vote of the people of said State, shall have beer?
su* inciV:e? to Congress for examination and approval,
said fetate shall, if its constitution be approved by
Congress, be declared entitled to representation in
Congress, and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom on their taking the oath pre-
scribed by law. and then an$ thereafter the preced-
lnfy^sections of this bill shall be inoperative in said
Now, sir, that provision contemplates a sort
of coercion to be exercised through an act of
Congress upon the State to constat it, in
order to get into Congress, to admit the black
population to vote. I dislike to attempt such
an interference, although I admit that in lay-
ing down the preliminary rules with a view to
the readmission of those States, Congress has
plenary power to prescribe those or any other
conditions demanded by the public welfare.
Secondly, Mr. President, I object to this
amendment because if it shall become a law,
and if the rebel States shall proceed under it
to amend their constitutions and to extend the
elective franchise, it is practicable for each
one of them, should this or the next Congress
change the present apportionment, to send to
the Fortieth Congress a full quota of Repre-
sentatives according to the numbers of the pop-
ulation of the State, including blacks as well
as whites ; and this we all know will augment
the number of Representatives from the rebel
States by at least twenty.
It will go further ; it will enable these same
rebel States, within the next two years, to ap-.
point an additional number of presidential elect-
ors to which they will not otherwis-e be enti-
tled under the amendment of the Constitution.
It will increase their number in the Electoral
Colleges in proportion to the number of their
Representatives. Is it desirable at this mo-
ment, at this critical stage of our affairs, to
throw into the hands of a rebellious community
this additional political power? For my part
I am unwilling to agree to any such thing.
And after they have done this, after they
shall have temporarily amended their consti-
tutions and altered the elective franchise in
conformity with this plan, thus enjoying an
additional power in Congress and in the Elect-
oral Colleges, they have but to turn around the
next day, repeal their constitutional provisions
admitting negro suffrage, disfranchise all the
blacks within their limits, and still be in the
Union enjoying all the rights and privileges of
the Union, and the subject of suffrage is forever
beyond our reach. This maybe done, although
this provision in the amendment should be fully
complied with, although the amendment of the
Constitution proposed at the last session should
be adopted and become itself a part of the
Constitution.
Are gentlemen willing to run this risk for
the sake, as they say, of holding out a scheme
of conciliation to the rebel States? Sir, I am
averse to proposing terms to rebels. I make
no proffer. They know their duty well. They
knew it five years ago. They are as sensible
of their obligations nndcr the Constitution of
my country as I am. They have waged a bloody
and wasteful war upon my friends, my neigh-
bors, my countrymen, and my Government,
and persevered in it until the whole land was
covered with mourning and tears and blood. I
would be the last man, after having ernshed
them and trampled them under my feet, to
make gratuitous propositions of reconciliation
to them. Let them come up and do their duty
like men and citizens of the United States.
Let them bring forth fruits meet for repentance
before they grumble that we do not propose
terms to them.
Mr. "STEWART. Will the Senator from
Michigan state what he believes to be their
duty?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan give way to the Senator
from Nevada?
Mr. STEWART. I ask the question for
information.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to close my
remarks, but I will endeavor to answer my
friend from Nevada. I take it, however, he
does not need the information. He probably
puts the question to me more with a view to
ascertain my ideas than to enlighten his own
understanding. But I think I understand what
is the duty of the rebel States. The first duty
of every community that has a government is
to punish crime and to protect its friends. Is
that done in the rebel States? No, sir. A
government that is unwilling to protect its
people or incapable of doing so is not worthy
the name of a government. I do not. care
whether the government be the Federal Gov-
ernment or the government of a State; it is a
mere mockery, against which humanity cries
out. The great and paramount duty of the
rebel State governments, their first and leading
duty, is to punish crime and thereby to protect
the peaceful and the innocent. This is not
done, and we all know it.
As I said before, I do not wish to spend the
time of the Senate in discussing this subject;
but I see in this amendment a fatal snare by
which we shall be deceived in the end, by
which we are to be deluded into a premature
readmission of the rebel States in such a man-
ner as to make us ultimately repent of our
folly and rashness. I hope, sir, the amend-
ment will be rejected.
I have no fear from the establishment of
military governments in the rebel States. It
is not in the nature of the American people to
tolerate a military government anywhere longer
than the actual necessity exists which calls for
it; and I think the rebel communities can trust
with perfect security, confidence in the honor
and the sense of justice of the Congress of the
United States in solving the question when it
may become expediept and proper to repeal
our military enactments. All these phantoms
of military tyranny are the merest imaginations
of the heat-oppressed brain of anxious parti-
sanship.
We are told that we are imitating the gov-
ernment of Cromwell, when he appointed
twelve major generals in England for the pur-
pose of assisting him to carry on his govern-
ment ; and that the conduct of those twelve
major generals was very oppressive and very
tyrannical. Sir, the historical student will not
forget the actual condition of things at the time
Cromwell appointed his twelve majprgenerals.
The accounts we get of the administration of
Cromwell come to us through tainted channels.
I undertake to say here that we have not a
single impartial history of the administration
of that great man in those difficult times. They
all come to us tinged and colored with royalist
sentiments and royalist prejudices. But what
is the fact ? Why, sir, England, at that time
iu a state of boiling, bubbling revolution, was
infested from one end to the other with hordes
of royalist conspirators, acting in the interests
and under the orders of the Pretender, after-
wards Charles II. The Pretender, comfort-
ably located at Cologne, on the Continent, and
enjoying the alms sent over to him from Eng-
land to support him and his retinue, was him-
self at the head of this vast conspiracy, extend-
ing in fact all over the Continent, as well as
England and Scotland, the object of which
was the overthrow of the republican Govern-
ment of England and the reestahlishment of
the house of Stuart. It became necessary
for Cromwell to be extremely vigilant and to
take measures for counteracting this danger-
ous and mischievous combination; and with
that view he appointed his twelve major gen-
erals to keep guard over as many districts or
departments, into which the realm was divided.
The instructions which he gave to them are all
reported in the documents of the day ; and I
aver that there is no part of those instructions
which looked at all to the oppression of the
people, but only to the preservation of liberty,
of order, the due administration of law, and the
protection of the rights of the people and the
Government. Of course it was the duty of the
Goverment to look after the conspirators ; and
