1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the thwarting of that conspiracy was the great
and almost the sole object of the creation of
this board of military generals.
It was a time of war, of civil war, of con-
spiracy, of public danger, and every considera-
tion of the public interest impelled the chief
of state to guard his own authority and to pro-
tect his people. Now, sir, we are not living
under a monarchy; we are not tied to a par-
ticular dynasty or family. The Government
of this country rests upon the will of the Amer-
ican people, whose judgment, though it may
sometimes temporarily err, is in the end always
infallible and righteous. Depend upon it, sir,
whenever the loyal people shall be satisfied
that the time has come when self-government
can be safely remitted to the ex-rebels the
thing will be done; but I trust in God it will
not be done, or attempted, before that time has
fully arrived.
But my great objection to this amendment is
that it is a snare by which increased represent-
ation from the rebel States may come into
Congress and an increased number of presi-
dential electors be chosen, while we have no
security at all that the extended elective fran-
chise will be continued in the rebel States to
the black population. They can disfranchise
them whenever they see fit after having secured
increased representation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, my vote
has been solicited for the present amendment
by gentlemen in whose judgments I have very
much confidence: and in one respect the adop-
tion of the amendment would be quite proper,
perhaps beneficial. In so far as it places a
limit upon this enormous, novel, and porten-
tious military power the bill intends to estab-
lish, it may be vindicated by sound reasoning
and considerations of public policy. Any lim-
itation whatever will be better than the absence
of all limitations in the proposition as intro-
duced before us.
But, sir, there are two reasons which will
induce me to vote against this amendment. In
the first place, ! am opposed to the proposition
which it contains upon a consideration of the
merits of the proposition itself. I am averse,
from thorough conviction, to the introduction
of any State into this Union, or to her rehabil-
itation with all her former political powers,
upon the condition that she shall make suffrage
within her limits universal and unlimited among
the male inhabitants over twenty-one years of
ago. I_need not go over the argument upon
that point. I have stated it upon a former
occasion.
In the next place, I know perfectly well that
a rote for this amendment, although given
under circumstances which do not commit me
to the proposition as a final one, will be mis-
understood and perverted. It will be said
throughout the country of each of those who
stand in the position in which I stand, that we
have departed to some extent at least from
that position which we have hitherto main-
tained, and maintained against all the influ-
ences of tho time, against the pressure of cir-
cumstances which have swept many from our
sides and carried them into the large and
swollen camp of the majority. Sir, I for one
am ambitious of being known as one among
that number of men who have kept their faith;
who have followed their convictions; who have
obeyed the dictation of duty in the worst of
times; who did not bend when the storm beat
hardest and strongest against them, but kept
their honor unsullied, their faith intact, their
self-respect unbroken and entire.
I shall not vote to degrade suffrage. I shall
not vote to pollute and corrupt the foundations
of political power in this country, either in my
own State or in any other. I shall resist it
everywhere and at all times. If overborne if
contrary and opposing opinions prevail, I shall
simply submit to the necessity which I cannot
resist, leaving to just men and to future times
the vindication of my conduct.
The consideration of this amendment Joes
not involve debate upon the bill itself; it is
quite distinct from it, or at least it may be con-
sidered distinctly. I am of opinion that the
debates of the Senate would be greatly im-
proved if that course were taken- ordinarily or
uniformly which has been suggested in the
discussion of this bill, to wit, that when an
amendment is pending debate shall be con-
fined to it according to the strict rules of
order, and that debate upon the principal
proposition upon the original bill itselrshall
stand over and be deferred until the amend-
ments are disposed of. But, sir, my experi-
ence in the Senate has instructed me. I have
upon several occasions delayed speaking upon
a measure until amendments offered to it
should be disposed of, and found myself at
the end of a debate attempting to speak to an
exhausted and impatient Senate and when
my own freshness of feeling and physical
energy had departed.
During this week those of us who are not
endowed by nature with vigorous physical con-
stitutions have been subjected to a severe strain
by constant sessions day and night, besides
other duties very numerous, harassing, and
exhaustive outside of the Chamber. And now,
sir, nearly at the end of the week, at an ad-
ditional night session ordered with special ref-
erence to this measure, we are called upon to
consider it and to consider it finally. We are
told that if it be within the power of those who
$&e direction to the action of the Senate to
force a final vote upon the bill to-night, that
vote shall be obtained, the giving of it shall be
coerced.
And when did this bill come to us ? Within
about twenty-four hours, I believe. I found
myself able to give it only a hurried reading
before it was called up for debate. Is it not. a
little remarkable that a bill in which the social
and political condition of eight or ten million
American people is involved should be driven
through one branch of Congress under the
previous question without opportunity for any
extended debate, and should then be driven
through the Senate under the discipline of an
organization confined to a portion only of the
members of our body, with some twenty-four
or forty-eight hours only of consideration, amid
the pressure of other duties that crowd upon
us, and when our own overtasked physical
powers scarcely_enable us to give the subject
even that attention which is necessary to vote
upon it intelligently, much leSs to examine and
discuss it properly? What judgment will be
formed of us, who are charged with the legisla-
tive powers of this Government, by our country-
men and by the men of other nations, who ob-
serve our proceedings, when measures of this
gravity, magnitude, importance to millions of
people, interesting to our whole population,
are to be acted upon in this manner, to be de-
termined under these circumstances, adverse
to correct and proper reflection, which I have
described ?
Now, sir, what is this measure ? I shall be
anxious in all that I say to be brief and to
speak only on points which are material. Sir,
this bill is prepared and introduced to con-
fer upon five military officers of tiie United
States the power to fine, to imprison, and to
kill American citizens in one third of the ter-
ritory of the United States without any re-
straints or limitations such as are written in
the most solemn manner in every fundamental
law in the United States, both that of the Fed-
eral Government and those of all the States;
ay, and of every Territory, too, whither our
hardy pioneers have gone and established re-
publican governments, fashioned and modeled
after the examples of the States from which
they went. With no right of trial by jury, no
challenge to the tribunal which tries the ac-
cused, no compulsory process for witnesses,
no right of appeal, the victim stands defense-
less before arbitrary power; he must bow to its
mandate and submit to its decree. Not a con-
stitutional principle, hitherto regarded sacred
in this country, is written down in this bill or
covered by its vague and general phraseology,
more indefinite, vague, and indeterminate than *
that of any statute now upon the records of *
this Government; ay, or of England, abused
and traduced England, of whom we complained
because her Government was arbitrary, and
therefore took up arms to throw off its juris-
diction and vindicate American freedom.
The General of the Army is to assign to the
command of each of the military districts
created by this bill "an officer of the Army
not below the rank of brigadier general," and
to detail a sufficient force to give dignity and
effect to the jurisdiction conferred upon him;
and there is conferred upon each district com-
mander, in the third section, power "to puni-.h
or cause to be punished all disturbers of the
public peace and criminals'' of eve<;y descrip-
tion and grade. He may in his pleasure, by
no rule of law, by no regulation of statute, by
no principle known to the Constitution or
created by Government, but according to his
own unregulated pleasure and will, condescend
to turn cases over to the courts—
Or when in his^udgmenfc—
Iiis supreme and unchallenged judgment—
it may be necessary for the trial of offenders, ho
shall havo power to organize military commissions
or tribunals for that purpose, anything in the con-
stitution and laws of any of the so-called confederate
States to tho contrary notwithstanding.
And thenhe Supreme Court of the United
States, which your fathers established as the
supreme tribunal of justice in this country,
with appellate powers from inferior tribunals,
with the great power of the writ of habeas cor-
pus in its hands to correct injustice upon the
citizen, is to be restrained from meddling in
any way whatever with this new, unexampled,
and abominable jurisdiction which the bill
establishes. I am mistaken, sir; there is an
exception. The judges of your Supreme Court
may have jurisdiction in particular cases by
a clause which I propose to read. Neither the
Supreme Court nor any judge of that court or
of the district courts can issue a writ of habeas
corpus or look into the legality of any proceed-
ings in which this military jurisdiction is con-
cerned—
Unless some commissioned officer—
Some dignified lieutenant of the second degree
possibly—
Unless some commissioned officer on duty in the
district wherein the person is detained shall indorse
upon said petition a statement certifying, upon
honor, that he has knowledge or information as to
the cause and circumstances of the alleged deten-
tion, and that ho believes tho same to be wrongful;
and further, that ho beliovcs that the indorsed peti-
tion is preferred in good faith and in furtherance
of justice, and not to hinder or delay tho punishment
of crimo.
The wealthy criminal, for his fee of $50 or
$100 or $500, can get a lieutenant's certifi-
cate to his petition, and go to the courts of the
United States and be heard under the laws of
the United States, and have some little protec-
tion from the Constitution of your fathers, from
that instrument under which you are assembled
here, and which you are sworn to support. This
is the manner in which judicial power may take
hold of any case, no matter how enormous, of
outrage or of iniquity, in one third of the Uni-
ted States, under this bill.
The fifth section provides—
That no sentence of any military commission or
tribunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or lib-
erty of any person, shall be executed until it is ap-
proved by the officer in command of the district.
There, sir, shameful as the fact appears, the
power over the life of an American citizen is
confided to either one of five military com-
manders, who are to be selected, not by the
Commander-in Chief of the armies of the
United States, as the Constitution requires,
but by a General selected by your bill; and
you might just as well, instead of having se-
lected the General of the Army for this pur-
pose, have selected the hero of Big Bethel or
any other general, or even a civilian, if indeed
this fearful and unexampled power of creating
military rule resides in Congress at all. The
commanders of these departments have the
power of life and of death, the power to im-
