618
TBS5 CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
January 21,
Jones, Laflin, William Lawrence, Marshall, Mc-
Culiough, Myers, Newell, Noel], Alexander H. Rice
Rouiseau, Starr, Taber, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, Winfield, and Wright—38.
So (ttfo-thirds having voted in theaffirmative)
the rules were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. SCHENCK stated the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Mearjs consented to
an amendment to extend the time, and he
would therefore change his vote from the nega-
tive to the affirmative.
• Mr. BAKER and -others made a like state-
ment.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The bill was then received, and restd a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the present
bill is merely intended to provide that Govern-
ment sales of gold hereafter shall be publicly
advertised and be open to all who may desire
to bid therefor. While such sales are secretly
conducted it is impossible that it should not
give rise to suspicion, if not the charge of
favoritism and corruption. Such a law may
diminish the power of the Secretary for sudden
and effective movements, but it will at least
protect him from unfounded and damaging
rumors. For one I should deprecate the trans-
fer to Congress of the responsibility of the
management of our finances from the Treasury
Department where it properly belongs. We
therefore leave the decision with the Secretary
as to whether sales shall take place or not; but
if any are made the bill opens them to the
public at large, andihey will no longer be con-
fined to the gold-room at New York. It is
only the surplus above what is required for
interest that can be sold; and if ever specie
payment should be resumed a large reserve
would be indispensable for its accomplishment.
The amount now on hand furnishes a basis to
some extent* for the credit of the legal-tender
currency ; but sell off the gold largely and the
relief would be merely tempofary, and we
should lose all power to resume at all.
There is another view of the case. Under
this bill no expense will be imposed upon the
Government for any sales; as now conducted
we pay a broker's commission. They will be
made, if this bill should become a law, under
the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury,
by the sub-Treasurer at New York.
I promised to allow the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] to move an amendment
to extend the time for giving public notice of
sale, which is fixed in the bill at four days. I
will now yield for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Vermont. I have not
had an opportunity of examining the bill be-
fore the House, and I simply desire to know
whether it expressly or by implication author-
izes the sale of any gold.
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all; it merely pro-
vides that, if the Secretary does sell, it shall
be a public sale, advertised for, and that the
awards shall be made to the highest bidders ia
all cases, save where there are coincident bids,
they shall be accepted so far as accepted at all
at pro rata rates.
Mr. KELLEY. There would be nothing
inconsistent in the adoption of this resolution
at this time and the adoption by the House,
should it in its judgment deem fit, of another
resolution prohibiting the sale of any gold.
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all.
Mr. KELLEY. That is all I wished to know.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion, as I moved the reference of substantially
this bill to the committee some few weeks sincc.
I wish to know if there is any limit upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, so that he shall not
be permitted to sell any gold except when the
amount in excess shall be, say, $50,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no limit in rela-
tion to the amount of gold on hand. It is sim-
ply a law providing that whenever he does sell
it shall be at public sale and of the character I
have already described.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire, at the proper
time, to make an amendment to that effect.
Mr. MORRILL. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, to allow hin 4o propose his
amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as to the time when notice is to be given
for the sale. My own judgment is that ten
days is the shortest time that ought to be
adopted. It is urged however by those who
arc opposed to that extension that it will give
an opportunity for gold gamblers to combine
and put the price down. My own opinion is
that such a combination will be made as effect-
ually in four days as in ten ; that by giving
ten days competition we will save the country
from any such combination. Now, if I were
to follow my own sentiment I would move to
amend by making it ten days, but I have so
much respect for the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who seems so well
convinced that it is too long a time, that in de-
ference to his judgment I move to extend it
only to six days.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no right to accept
the amendment, but I make no objection to its
being offered.
The SPEAKER. The'.bill being reported
by a committee the gentleman has no right to
accept it without the assent of the majority of
the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. A majority of the com-
mittee now present say they have no objection.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly amended by striking out "four" and
inserting " six."
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I notice this bill pro-
vides that the gold to be sold may be paid for
in compound-interest notes with principal and
interest. Will there not be danger that this
may be construed as providing for the conver-
sion of all that class of paper ?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all; I do not sup-
pose the Secretary of the Treasury will be able
to get a single million of compound-interest
notes under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Vermont. 1 ob-
serve by this bill that public notice of the sale
of gold is to be given only in the cities of
Washington and New York. I suggest to the
gentleman that he include the cities of Phila-
delphia, Boston, and Cincinnati.
Mr. MORRILL. I would say in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it was
not deemed important by the Committee of
Ways and Means that notice should be given
in either of those cities, because the moment
a sale of gold is advertised in Washington or
New York it will be telegraphed to all the
cities of the Union, and it would be a useless
expenditure for advertising to provide that the
sales shall be advertised in any cities except
the cities of Washington and New York. If
the House differs with the committee I have
no objection to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, but I think it would be a
useless expenditure of money.
Mr. O'NEILL. Would not it give an ad-
vantage to men in these two cities ?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not thinlc it would
make a difference of twelve minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Vermont. I
think that in legislation of this kind the House
should be very careful not to do anything
which would disturb the currency of the coun-
try any more than is absolutely necessary at
any period of time.
Now, if a sale of gold should be made under
this bill, or under the law as it now exists,
which would require the payment by the pur-
chasers of, say thirty million dollars of cur-
rency for the gold sold to them, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should draw upon the
purchasers or upon the banks immediately for
that amount, it might create a temporary strin-
gency in the market, which would work a det-
riment to the business of the country. It has
occurred to me that it would be well in dis-
posing of the gold in the Treasury to require
the Secretary of the Treasury to receive, in
exchange for the gold so dispose'd of, the funded
debt of the United States ; or, in other words,
that in payment for the gold sold by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury he shall receive, instead
of currency, five-twenty bonds or ten-forty
bonds or seven-thirty bonds. In that way a
sale of gold would not create any immediate
or extraordinary demand upon the currency
of the country, and therefore would not disturb
it. I merely make the suggestion. I suppose
the Committee of Ways and Means have exam-
ined the subject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] yield for an amend-
ment to be offered?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
this question: what effect it would have to have
this gold paid for in bonds at par which are
now selling at a high premium?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That would depend
very much upon the character of our legislation.
I merely made the suggestion as one which I
thought worthy of consideration, although I did
not suppose that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means would be prepared to afford
me an opportunity to offer an amendment of
that kind, inasmuch as he had said that he
desired to move the previous question on the
bill.
Mr. MOBRILL. I think there need be no
apprehension in relation to the management
of the Secretary of the Treasury, because he,
more than any other man in the whole country,
has the responsibility upon him to so manage
that he can conduct the affairs of the Depart-
ment with success.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman whether the bill provides that
the payment for this gold shall be made in
national currency or whether it requires legal-
tender?
Mr. MORRILL. We do not prohibit the
reception of national currency in payment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is left, tlien. at the
option of the Secretary of the Treasury whether
he will accept national currency or not.
Mr. MORRILL. I insist on the previous
question.
Mr, HOOPEIl, of Massachusetts. Before
the previous question is sustained I desire to
suggest a verbal amendment. The bill now
reads " Assistant Treasurer of the Treasury."
I propose to strike out the words "of the
Treasury."
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biH was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the toble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the title
of the bill so that it will read, "A bill to regu-
late the sale of gold, and for other purposes.'•'
Mr. MAYNARD suggested that the gen'.le-
man leave out the words "and for other pur-
poses.''
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
Mr. KASSON. I suggest further to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he make the title read,
"A bill to regulate the sale of gold by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
Mr. GARFIELD. I will modify it in that
way.
The amendment of the t:tle as modified was
agreed to.
