1384
THE CONGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
F ehruary 15,
ification will be made agreeably to the sugges-
tion of the mover.
Mr. CONNESS. If it is in the'power-of the
honorable Senator to accept amendments that
may be offered to the amendment, I do not see
how the Senate may have any voice in the mat-
ter at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They can
vote down the amendment. „
Mr. CONNESS. They can vote down the
whole amendment; but suppose we are in favor
of the amendment without the amendment
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate can strike out any part of it afterward.
Mr. CONNESS. After it is adopted?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very desirous to
economize time, and therefore I refrain from
saying anything ; but I would respectfully sug-
gest to the Senate that the vote be taken upon
this amendment, and let it be ascertained
whether or not the bill is to be amended. If
it is to be amended, if the Senate signifies a
determination to add this amendment .to the
bill, then I suppose it can be perfected and
completed, and it can be amended in the
Senate after the bill shall be reported from
committee to the Senate. I simply make this
suggestion, if agreeable to Senators, so as to
save time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is before the Sonate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the question is on the amendment
moved to the bill by the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment before it is
acted upon.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not adopt the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Oregon? The Sen-
ator from Oregon has proposed that we take
a vote on the amendment as it now stands in
committee, and then if it is the conviction of
the Sonate that the general proposition offered
by the Senator from Maryland should be
adopted, wo can modify, change, or amend it
as we choose in the Senate.
Mr. JOIINSON. I have' no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Amend-
ments to the amendment are in order.
Mr. GRIMES. I know they arc in order,
but it is useless to spend an hour or two at this
hour of the night in amending an amendment,
that we may afterward discover there is not
a majority of the Senate in favor of.
Mr. WITjLEY. I desire to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa that perhaps the
votes of some of us for the amendment itself
may depend upon certain amendments to be
made to it. We may vote against it in its
present Conn, and yet if amended in certain
particulars we may vote for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire to offer an
amendment, and it will control my vote for or
against this proposition. If the amendment to
the amendment is adopted, I shall vote for the
amendment if it is not, I feel very little inter-
est in it. I should like very much to accept
the suggestion of the Senator from Oregon who
has charge of the bill, but I cannot. I will
send to the desk the amendment which I pro-
pose, and ask that it bo read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the amendment in lino nine by inserting after
the words "United States" the words "of
whatever color, race, or condition," and after
the word " upward" in the same line by striking
out the words "who have resided one year
in said State, without regard to race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, except such as
may be disfranchised for participating in the
late rebellion, or for felony at common law,"
and in lieu of these words inserting:
Who may have been residents of the State for
twelve months previous to the election, cxeeptsueh
as may bo disqualified on account of rebellion(felony
at tiie common law, idiocy, or insanity.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber do me the favor to read the amendment as
ifc-will stand if amended?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. It will read
thus:
That when the constitutional amendment proposed
as article fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress
shall have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, and when any of the late so-called
confederate States shall have given its assent to the
same, and conformed its constitution and laws thereto
in all respects, and when it shall have provided by
its constitution that the elective franchise shall be
enjoyed by all male citizens of the United States, of
whatever color, race, or condition, twenty-one years
old and upward, who may have been residents of the
State for twelve months previous to the election,
except such as may be disqualified on account of
rebellion, felony at the common law, idiocy, or
insanity, and when said constitution shall'have been
submitted to the voters of said State, as thus defined,
for ratification or rejection, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not keep the words
"without regard to race, color, or previous
condition of servitude" where they are?
Mr. HENDERSON. Because in making
the change it is better as it'is. I will state to
the Senate that, according to my construction
of the amendment, the States may exclude the
colored population upon any other test than
that of race or color. They may declare under
this amendment, after it is adopted, that no
person shall vote in the seceded States unless
he has a collegiate education, if you please. I
understand that any exclusion may be made
under it except an exclusion on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
They may declare that no person shall vote
unless he is e'ducated to a certain extent or
degree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of the
Senator, is not that the effect of the constitu-
tional amendment which we require them to
adopt? Do we not leave it in their power
expressly by the constitutional amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. But I understand that
this is something additional to the constitu-
tional amendment. I understand that this
goes on to declare something beyond what the
constitutional amendment declared. The con-
stitutional amendment allowed the southern
States to exclude the colored population, if
they saw fit, altogether, even on account of
color or race. They only lost representation
by so doing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was argued on that
ground expressly, and adopted on that ground.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly; but I un-
derstand this 'proposition now of the Senator
from Maryland goes beyond the constitutional
amendment, and requires as a condition-pre-
cedent of admission that they shall not only
adopt the constitutional amendment, but shall
admit to the franchise all persons, regardless
of color or race.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then on that construc-
tion we require of them to adopt two things
utterly inconsistent with each other; make one
law repeal the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that to
be the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law cannot repeal
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose we are not
bound to admit the States even after they
adopt this amendment. I do not hold that
that amendment is obligatory upon Congress
to admit representatives from the southern
States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an express
condition after this.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is an express
condition. If we are satisfied, however, that
the provisions in their respective State con-
stitutions will protect the negro in the fran-
chise, I apprehend Congress will admit them.
If not, and Congress shall have by that time
changed their opinions on the subject, they
may admit them whether the provision will
secure negro suffrage or not. I do not know
what the • tone or temper of Congress mw be
at that time. So far as I am concerned, I de-
sire that this amendment shall unmistakably
secure to all persons in the southern States the
elective franchise; in other words, that what-
ever excludes the white man from the polls
shall exclude the negro ; and that no exclu-
sion shall be based upon anything else except
participation in. the rebellion, felony at the
common law, idiocy, or insanity. Then we
shall understand each, other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How ia it with pauper-
ism 1 .
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not choose to ex-
clude on account of pauperism at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Many of the States make
that a ground of exclusion.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not in my State.
I am perfectly willing if Senators desire to
amend on that subject to amend it; but my
object is to secure the franchise, and after that
is secured go forward and establish civil gov-
ernments iu the southern Stales. That is what
I want. I do not fear a representation, from
the southern States based upon an idea of this
sort. I believe that they will be true and
proper representatives, devoted to the Union
of the States, as patriotic as ourselves. I have
no doubt about it, and I would not fear such
a representation to-day. I do not desire to
put on any other conditions. If it is a loyal
representation, there is"no danger of repudia-
tion of the public debt, no danger of payment
for slaves, no danger of the payment of the
confederate debt or of the State debts of the
South. I have no idea that it is at all neces-
sary to go on and demand any other pledges
than a loyal delegation from the seceded
States, and my opinion is that this will give us
a loyai delegation.
Now, Mr. President, once for all, I do not
say that I shall vote for this bill, even if it is
anjended in this shape. I prefer the other
bill that came from the House. There is a
provision in that bill, the ninth section I
believe, which p^pvides that military power
may be established to a sufficient extent to
carry out all the intentions of Congress in
regard to the establishment of civil govern-
ments. Why not proceed to establish civil
governments in the southern States by appoint-
ing a Governor, by appointing a council, by
appointing some person to go there and take
a registry of voters, prescribe the qualifica-
tions, if you say so, and let us go to work to
reorganize the southern States. We have got
to do it at some time. We are unwilling to
trust to the President's State governments. I
am unwilling to -admit representatives upon
them. I believe that the majority of this Sen-
ate are opposed to the admission of those rep-
resentatives ; and Congress, no matter how
long we stay here, will never admit them.
Are we determined to keep them out for all
time to come, or will we proceed to organize
such governments and organize them upon
such principles as that we can secure a repre-
sentation from those States ?
Mr- President, it has been truly^ said that
there are ten million people that* ought to
be represented in Congress. We are afraid to
admit the present representatives because we
know it would be dangerous to do- so. We
feel confident that we have not those securities
that the Government ought to demand under
the circumstances. We have conquered the
rebels, and we desire that we shall have a rep-
resentation in accord with the general feelings
of the loyal people of the country. That is all
that we require and all that we should require.
To deal in military governments, in my judg-
ment, will do the people of the North no good,
and will be a decided injury to the people of
the South. They will not prove a protection
to the people there, but they will prove an
injury to ourselves as sure as we establish
them. Unless there be in this bill some decla-
ration of the time when this thing shall cease,
or some declaration that when the people do
certain things—and I am unwilling to do any-
thing less than the amendment I propose—the
military establishments shall cease, I cannot
vote for the bill. It is an easy matter for us
to proceed and establish civil governments
there, and when we have done that to provide
that all the orders and decrees of the council
in the shape of legislation, approved by the
