1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
Governor, shall be backed up by the military
power of the nation, just as would be the power
of the President of the United States to carry
out the legislation of the respective States
when rebellion raised its head against that
legislation. I hope that the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Missouri
would in its operation prove a very efficient
mode of excluding from the government of
nine or ten States of this Union the'white por-
tion of the population and placing it exclu-
sively in the hands of the negro population.
It proposes to exclude from the right of voting
every person who has been engaged in the
rebellion.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Delaware is mistaken. He has not read the
amendment I am satisfied. He need not base
any remarks on that idea, because it is not
correct-
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understood from the
reading of the amendment of the honorable
Senator that every person who was engaged
in what is called the rebellion was to be ex-
cluded.
Mr. HENDERSON. ' I do not exclude any-
body.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have not seen the
amendment. If I am mistaken in its purport
I hare nothing to say.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say one word and
give notice of an amendment. It seems to me
that there is a conflict evidently in the amend-
ment which is proposed between the condition
which is contained in the amendment and the
constitutional amendment that is now pending
before the States. There is another conflict
also upon the question as to whether these
States shall be admitted simply upon granting
suffrage to colored persons, or whether there
shall go along with it an exclusion of all who
have participated in the rebellion. I think
that perhaps at this time it is not necessary for
ns to settle both of those questions or either
of them. I think if we desire to establish, in
the first place, a military protectorate there
which shall enforce our policies, it may be
done under this bill as it stands; but if we
desire to initiate their civil governments on the
principle of universal suffrage, or on the prin-
ciple of admitting to the suffrage the colored
population, it may perhaps be better done by
an amendment in a different place. I have
drawn one with that view, and I simply de-
sire to give notice that I shall offer it when
the time comes. It is to insert in section
three, line six, after the words "and to this
end," these words:
He shall require, under proper regulations, to be
provided by the Secretary of War. that in all elec-
tions hereafter held in any of the military districts
aforesaid for municipal or other purposes, there
shall be no exclusion of any person from the suffrage
oil the ground of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
I think that will achieve the end at which
we seem to be driving without encountering th®
embarrassments that seem to hang around the
present amendment. It will bring down the
working of those institutions there to the prac-
tical question of negro suffrage, leaving us with
military control and the power to impose such
conditions in the future as to the admission of
those States as we may find essential. If it be
found essential, in order to bring them into
conformity with our institutions, with our Gov-
ernment, and withourpresentpolicies, to make
exclusions of the rebel element, we can do so;
but that is an open matter that we can adjust
in the future. That, I think, would be, as far
as I can judge, the best amendment that we
could put upon this bill. There would be no
danger of advantage being taken of its lan-
guage, because its administration would be in
the hands of those who were in sympathy with
its purpose. I simply desire to say that if the
pending amendment shall be voted down, I
shall then offer that as an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very reluctaut,
Mr. President, to address the Senate this even-
ing, because of the condition of my health;
but understanding it to be the purpose of the
friends of this bill to sit it out, I feel it to be
my duty to submit some suggestions before the
vote shall be had.
I am not going to discuss the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maryland, or the
modifications of that amendment that have
been suggested. Any amendment of this nature
is substantially a proposition to the people of
the South that if they will agree to the consti-
tutional amendment proposed at the last ses-
sion of Congress and to other propositions, it
is very well; but this is submitted to them with
the bayonet presented at the same time, and an
amenciment of the Constitution of the United
States, which the fathers intended should be
entirely at the will and pleasure of the States,
is to be secured by the military power of the
country. I cannot contemplate such a proposi-
tion with any degree of pleasure.
Two bills came from the House almost at
the same time. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Somnek] was scarcely able to com-
mand language in which he could with suffi-
cient earnestness express his admiration of
both bills, and he was so much in love with
both that he was unable to decide which was
dearest to him. I am exactly in the condition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, with this
difference: I know of no language which I
can command that will describe my hostility
to both bills. The only difference that I can
see in the two measures is, that the one pro-
posing a provisional government for Louisiana
is more insidious, and, if it were parliament-
ary to say so, I would add more cowardly in
its attack upon liberty. The bill which is now
before us proposes in a bold way, outright and
straightforward, by physical power to govern
the people of the South: the other bill, by a
political machinery, proposes to strip them of
tree government, and, under the pretence of
guarantying a republican form of government,
to take away from the people the power to
decide upon their own institutions. I intend
to speak of the bill that is now before us as
briefly as possible.
This bill is prefaced by a preamble recit-
ing the facts which its friends claim justify its
enactment. What are they ? In the first place,
it is stated that the governments which exist
in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas are not real
State governments, but are "pretended Slate
governments." That is the first proposition
in the preamble, that in some way or other
these States, some of which helped to form the
Federal Union, have ceased to exist, and in
their stead there have sprung up " pretended
State governments." Now, sir, when did that
take place?
There are some things that, in my judgment,
are binding on the majority of this body, some
propositions of fact to which gentlemen be-
longing to the majority are committed, and
which they cannot turn their backs upon; and
one proposition, as a matter of fact, is that
these States did not cease to exist because of
their ordinances of secession. Congre® has
too often since those ordinances were adopted
recognized them as States to allow the majority
now to deny their existence as States. When
did they cease to be States and come to be
pretended governments? I should like to hear
some gentleman of this majority state exactly
at what time that took place, when it was, and
how it was. State governments were in exist-
ence when the rebellion took place. Did the
rebellion disrobe them as States? Too often
we said that was not the ease to allow the
contrary to be said now. Did they cease to be
States by the act of secession, by the act of
rebellion, by the act of war, or was it because
the rebellion itself was defeated ?
Next it is averred that in these States which
I have named there is "no adequate protec-
tion for life or property,'' and that these States
" countenance and encourago lawlessness and
crime." That is a proposition of fact upon
which the majority now claim the right to.
establish such a government as this bill pro-
poses. Suppose it true that in the States of the
Union property and person are not well pro-
tected, that lawlessness prevails, does that en-
large the powers of the Government of the
United States? Does that confer upon Con-
gress the power to strip the States of their
reserved rights and establish a form of govern-
ment unknown to the Constitution? If I admit
this allegation of-fact as strongly as it is stated
in the preamble, I ask Senators will it clothe
Congress with a power which, independent of
that fact, Congress does not possess ?
But, Mr. President, the fact itself I deny.
There is no such state of society in the southern
States as is described in this preamble. There
is no such condition as that the State govern-
ments at the South do not afford adequate
protection for life or property. There is no
truth in the averment that these States now
countenance and encourage lawlessness and
crime. I say it is not true, because the informa-
tion I have upon that subject satisfies me that
in fact it is not true. I know we have many
reports on the subject; I know there are let-
ters read to the Senate from time to time to
that effect; but I have information from friends
who went from my own State, neighbors, many
of whom were Republicans before they went
to the South, opposed to me politically, who
tell me that it is not true. Within a week I
have been in conversation with a captain who
served in an Indiana regiment, served well,
and was discharged from the service with
honor, and after the war was over took up his
residence in one of the southern States. He
tells me that there is a'state of quiet, of order,
and obedience to right and law, equal to that
in the State of Indiana. To-day I have read a
portion of a letter from New Orleans, written
by a person who has recently resided some
distance out in the State of Mississippi, in which
this language is used:
" The country is quiet and settled, even more than
Maryland. You hear no politics talked. It is quite
amusing to pick up a northern paper and read the
most utter false statements from correspondents,
even of this oity, when it is now and has been all
winter more quiet than X ever knew Baltimore."
I suppose the writer refers to Maryland and
to the city of Baltimore, because they are
familiar to him.
Here is evidence which I do not question.
I do not upon the other hand question that
there are cases of murder, cases of larceny,
cases coming within almost all the definitions
of crime, occurring in the several southern
States. Can any Senator say that the same is
not true in his own State and in his own neigh-
borhood? Can any Senator say that in the
courts in his own State justice is always done
and wrong never ?
Why, Mr. President, it is not long sinee_ I
read an account in a newspaper of a little girl
being beaten by her father and her step-mother
until she died; and what punishment was in-
flicted upon them? My blood chilled in my
veins as I read the account of that horrible tor-
ture by a parent upon his own child, and that
child a delicate girl, and that in a northern
State. Oh! if that had but occurred in Texas,
if it had only happened in Louisiana, what a
choice thing it would have been in the way of
a sensation in the northern papers! A punish-
ment as for manslaughter was the judgment
against those culprits, cruel monsters, in a
northern court. And what do you think of
that other case recently occurring in one of
the northern States, where a girl was almost
starved that she might be brought to acquiesce
in the free-love sentiments of the step-father
and mother—not step-father and step-mother
according to law by any legal marriage, but
according to the sentiments of the free-lovers
—and that in a northern State?
Did Senators not read of that horrible mas-
sacre at New Ulm, in Minnesota, but recently,
when two soldiers arriving from Mankota in
that State, at that little town of New Ulm, got
into a controversy wit \ some of the peopiGj
