622
HI OONGRESSrarAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Illinois [Mr. IngbbsoIx] to ask unanimous
consent for the introduction of a resolution.
The gentleman from Indiana cannot, unless
by his own consent, be taken off the floor by a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. KERR. I must .decline to yield further.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will not the gentleman
from Indiana allow me a^word in explanation
of my position here? I have been appealed to
by gentlemen on both sides of the House to
yield to suggestions and I have declined. I
would lite to state-my reasons.
Mr. RAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to further debate on this question. I insist on
the regular order.
reconstruction.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 543, to provide for restoring te
the States lately in insurrection their fall polit-
ical rights.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is proposed
by the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to House bill
No. 543 to reduce ten States of the Union to
the condition of Territories, and govern them,
not as Territories of the United States have
hitherto been governed, nor even as conquered
provinces, but as peoples dependent upon Con-
gress for every right they shall enjoy, whether
of life, liberty, or property. This proposition
is not only anomalous, but it is startling and
revolutionary. It has no precedent in the his-
tory of free Governments. It finds no rational
justification in the real circumstances of the
States to be thus denationalized. It rests for
its defense upon a series of assumptions. Some
of these are so absurd and baseless as merely
to indicate a hopeless confusion of ideas or
perverseness of judgment upon the part of their
inventors. To such I shall give no attention.
Others, equally unsupported by facts and alike
void of legal or constitutional foundation, de-
serve attention because they profess a greater
or less degree of conformity to law.
It is assumed in the preamble to. the bill to
which I have referred that "the eleven Stales
which lately formed the government called the
' confederate States of America' have forfeited
all their rights under the Constitution, and can
be reinstated in the same only through the ac-
tion of Congress." This preamble asserts two
propositions: first, the forfeiture; and sec-
ondly, the exclusive power of Congress to re-
store. Neither of these propositions is tena-
ble, and the failure of the first destroys the
foundation of the second. But the establish-
. ment of the first would not vindicate the truth
of the second.
How have these States forfeited their rights
under the Constitution? The Constitution
affords no answer to this inquiry in direct and
specific terms. It does not authorize the for-
feiture of the rights of States in any manner
whatever. It was adopted to form a more
perfect Union, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the com mon defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our poster-
ity. The high and sacred office of the Constitu-
tion is to preserve, not to destroy, the rights of
States. When States are once permitted to
enter the sanctuary of the Constitution—the
Union—they cannot be taken or driven thence,
even for punishment. It is made the impera-
tive duty of all the States to protect each of
them against invasion or domestic violence.
The discharge of these high duties may some-
times, as in the late rebellion, require the aid
of such physical forces as shall assume the
forms and magnitude of war.
But these facts in no degree change the obli-
gations or enlarge the powers of the Federal
Government. 'Ihe ends for the attainment of
which these forces may be used must always
remain the same. Any attempt on the part
of the Government to extend them will be an
assumption of ungranted powers and amount
to usurpation. The only wise and no'ole pur-
poses of written constitutions* of government
are to define and limit power; not in times of
peace alone, but at all times; not as against
one department of the Government alone, but
against all the departments and agents of the
Gove^nmentand against the people. Attempted
revolution against the Government cannot jus-
tify revolution by the Government. There is
no way by which the limitations on power in
the Constitution can be suspended except the
mode prescribed by itself. No preponderance
of popular majorities can for an instant pro-
duce any such result. There is no "higher
law" than the Constitution. It is supreme
over all within its prescribed sphere. The Fed-
eral Government, therefore, cannot destroy a
State unless it first assumes the office and atti-
tude of a revolutionist. It can compel obedi-
ence, but not destroy. It can suppress rebel-
lion, but cannot make States eliminate and
subject them to trial, confiscation, forfeiture,
or punishment; it can only deal thus with
persons.
Once a State always a State, or there is no
virtue, no vitality in our system. The reserved
rights, or sovereignty if you please, of States
must be respected and maintained. I do not
mean that theory of "State rights" which is
such a terror, in these reckless and revolution-
ary times to certain men and timid old ladies
in this country; nor that imaginary hideous
monster, "State sovereignty," which is de-
nounced with such a fervor of malediction by
people who know not what it means; nor
that vicious dogma to which the South ap-
pealed to justify secession. Rut I do mean
that rational and glorious principle which was
established by our ancestors as the chief corner-
stone of the Republic when they erected our
matchless system of government, with a writ-
ten Constitution to delegate, define, and limit
the powers of the Federal Government, and
in which they expressly declared that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people.11
I do mean that great and conservative doc-
trine which maintains that each government
shall sacredly observe and respect the bound-
aries of its own power, and not attempt to
encroach upon the jurisdiction of the other;
which denies to the central Government the
right to invade that residuum of power which
is reserved to the States and constitutes their
chief value and highest trust in our system of
government; which guaranties to them the
inestimable and inalienable right of local self-
government; which makes them the safest
guardians of the dearest, the daily, and fireside
rights and interests of the people.
It is this kind of " State rights" which has
found a champion in every great statesman and
jurist who has reflected honor and made his
impress upon our country and our institutions.
I might quote from their immortal but now neg-
lected or despised, words and admonitions on
this great subject until the sun shall have gone
down, but I will not. Out of the very numer-
ous utterances of the Supreme Court of similar
import I will cite one only, and that from one
of the latest and most solemn judgments of that
great tribunal, pronounced by a distinguished
judge, who was never identified with the polit-
ical party of strict construction. He says, in
the case of Cuminings vs. the State of Missouri,
a few days ago, speaking i'or the court:
"We admit the proposition of the counsel for the
State of Missouri that the States which existed pre-
vious to the adoption of the Federal Constitution
possessed originally all the attributes of sovereignty;
that they still retain those attributes, except as they
have been sui-rendcred by tile formation of the Con-
stitution and the amendments thereto; that the new
States, upon their admission into the Union, became
invested with equal rights, and were there after subject
only to similar restrictions; and that among the rights
reserved to the States is the right of each State to
determine the qualification--: for office and the condi-
tions upon which its citizens may exorcise their vari-
ous callings and pursuits withiuits jurisdiction."
These are honest, loyal, immortal words,
spoken in the interest ot' the people, of liberty,
and law. They fitly vindicate the wisdom of
our fathers in the organization of that great
tribunal of last resort. They bear testimony
to the despairing patriot that our country can
endure the storms of civil war and yet pre-
serve the essential principles of liberty.
Has the war forfeited the rights of these
States? If it had been a foreign war, waged
for conquest, we might, upon precedents, but
without justice, appeal to the tyrant's logic, that
"might makes right," to justify anything we
may desire to do with those States. But it was
not a foreign war. It was a war on the part
of the General Government to suppress insur-
rection against its authority, " to insure domes-
tic tranquillity," and to maintain the States in
their appropriate spheres, and enforce obedi-
ence from the people. It was a mere attempt
on the part of the Federal Government to exe-
cute the laws, and the vindication of the laws
terminates the power. This vindication in-
cludes the personal punishment of the individ-
ual offenders; but this punishment can only be
inflicted after trial and conviction "according
to law."
In these opinions I am fully sustained by the
decision of the Supreme Court in the prize
cases. Judge Grier, on this point, expressing
the unanimous opinion of the court, says:
"By the Constitution Congress alone has the power
to declare a national or foreign war. It cannot de-
clare war against a State or any number of States by
virtue of any elause in the Constitution. The Consti-
tution confers on the President the whole executive
power. lie is bound to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed."
The very learned decision of Justice Sprague,
of Massachusetts, inthecaseof the "Amy War-
wick," is so directly and forcibly in point in
this connection that I cannot omit a citation
from it. He says:
"It has been supposed that if the Government have
the rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion is
suppressed, it will have the rights of conquest; that
a State and its inhabitants may be permanently
divested of all political privileges and treated as for-
eign territory acquired by arms. This is an error; a
grave and dangerous error. Belligeren t rights cannot
bo exercised where there are no belligerents. Con-
quest of a foreign country gives absolute and unlim-
ited sovereign rights; but no nation ever makes
such a conquest of its own territory. If a hostile
power, either from icithont or within a nation, takes
possession and holds absolute dominion over any
portion of its territory, and the nation by force of
arms expels or overthrows the enemy and suppresses
hostilities, itttcQuires no new title but merely reqoinithe
possession of which it has been temporarily deprived.
The nation acquires no new sovereignty, but merely
maintains its previous rights."
There is another paragraph from the mas-
terly opinion of the same high court, promul-
gated in the language of another eminent mag-
istrate, himself the judicial appointee of Presi-
dent Lincoln, and also having no connection
or sympathy with any political party of strict
construction, which is so full of truth, so bravely
and earnestly uttered, and is so merited a vin-
dication ofthe foresight and wisdom of our early
j fathers that it should be graven upon the mem-
: ory of every American citizen. 1 beg the in-
j diligence of the House to hear it. Tt is from
; the late opinion of the court, by Justice Davis,
| in ex parte Milligan :
i " Tine has proven the discornment.of our ancestors,
\ for even these provisions [retcrring to the provisions
i of the Constitution designed to protect the personal
I liberties of the people] expressed in soch plain Etl?-
1 lish words that it would seem the ingenuity of man
J could not evade them, are nine, niter the lapse of
more than seventy years, sought to be a voided. Those
1 great and good men foresaw that troublous times
1 would arise when ruleis and people would become
| restive under restraint, and seek by sharp and deei-
; sive measures to accomplish ends deemed just and
! proper; and that the piineiplesof conetitntioiiallib-
; erty would bo in peril unless established by iiru-
! pealable lavr. The history ot the world bad taught
j them that what was done in the past might he
j attempted in the future. The Constitution of tho
United States if a law for rulers and people squally in
i icarandin peace, and covers with theshield of itspro-
! teetion all classes of men at all tune3 and under all
| circumstancei. No doctrine involving moic perni-
cious consequences was ever invented by the wit of
man than that any ofits provisionscan be suspended
during any of the great ( xigeneies or' Government.
Such a doctrine leads direcMy to anarchy or despot-
ism, but the theory of nfcesiiti/ on rcnic'i it i\- bated is
false, forthe Government within theCon.stitution has
all tho powers gianted to it winch are necessary
to preserve its existence, as has b.-en hap^iiy proved
by the result of the gloat otYurt to throw oif its just
authority."
Of like import, touching the powers of Con-
gress over the States lately in rebellion, is the
