1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
and in that controversy stabbed a man, inflict-
ing a severe wound 1 For that the town as a
mass took these two persons, strangers in their
midst, and not only murdered them, but muti-
lated their bodies, and after all put them under
the ice in the Minnesota river. Their bodies
were afterward recovered from beneath the ice
by the people of Mankota, who went up for
that purpose, and upon the body of one of
those men were found fifteen ghastly wounds,
and their persons were mutilated to such an
extent that it was shocking to their friends to
see them. Oh, if that had but occurred in
Texas or in Georgia it would have been worth
a whqle issue of the sensational journals that
corrupt the public mind in the North every
day.
When the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin the other day read a letter addressed to
him from Texas to meet the charge so freely
made, so badly supported by evidence, that
men are not tried and convicted in the southern
States for crime—a letter from the center of
Texas giving an account of a trial of a white
man of influence in that society who had mur-
dered a negro, and who was tried and convicted
and sent to the penitentiary for five years;
some Senator spoke up and said, "Ah! only
five years for a murder, a white man who mur-
ders a negro is sent to the penitentiary for only
five years." Even that case was attempted to
be treated as a fact in condemnation of the
justice of tho southern courts. While the
Senator was reading the letter I thought of a
case that recently took place in Chicago. _ A
courtesan of that city had her fury excited
against her paramour who had transferred hia
illicit love to another; she pursued and stabbed
him to death. She waS put in jail, not with
the common convicts, but she had her apart-
ment fitted as for a princess, and so she was
kept until the trial, and a Chicago jury, in view
of her position in society, convicted her of
manslaughter and she was sent to the peniten-
tiary for one year, and when she was taken to
the penitentiary no rough clothes were put upon
her, no striped garments to mark her disgrace
because of the shedding of human blood, but
it was as if she were in her own boudoir at
home, where she had enjoyed the profits of her
profession. And the case did not stop there,
but when she had been in the penitentiary one
month the Governor of the State pardoned her.
Oh! if that had been in Georgia, if that had
occurred in Mississippi, how this northern mind
would have been lashed to fury against the
people of the South I Sir, let him who is with-
out crime throw tho first stone. These are
cases known to us all, and yet they produce no
excitement because they occur in our own sec-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a word in reference to the case
of which I read from Texas ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It did not appear that
in that case the person was charged with mur-
der, but with manslaughter. I would also call
the Senator's attention to another fact that
occurred recently in the State of New York,
not many days ago, where a clergyman was
indicted for manslaughter, and was sentenced
to only three years, for whipping a child to
death because the latter could not say its
prayers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I am informed by General
Kiddo this morning that in the case referred
to by the Senator from Wisconsin the person
convicted was immediately pardoned. I hold
in my hand three or four columns of instances
01" murders in Texas, with a statement of the
names of the persons murdered, and in the
whole ntfmber there is not a single instance
of punishment. This is an official record for
seven months only.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has anybody been in-
dicted for murdering any of those persons ?
Mr. WILSON. Whether that be so or not,
there has not been any punishment inflicted.
General Kiddo has been at the head of the
Freedmen's Bureau in Texas. He arrived
here day before yesterday, and I had a long
conversation with him this morning, when he
called to see me about affairs there. I have in
my hand a list of three hundred and seventy-
five murders and five hundred and fifty-six
outrages against the civil rights bill in Texas.
Then there are about one hundred and fifty-one
cases of murders reported in about fifty coun-
ties in Georgia, at a colored convention recently
held there, where a statement was given of the
names in these various cases, these counties
being about half the State, and there were only
three cases of trial and punishment. Even
here in Maryland, close by us, have been
eighteen cases of murders of freedmen; and
who has been punished?
Mr. JOHNSON. And no trials in Mary-
land? Where does the honorable Senator get
that information from ?
Mr. WILSON. From the official record.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the official record is
not true.
Mr. WILSON. I do not say there has been
no punishments there.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ah, sir! There has never
been a moment since the beginning of the re-
bellion till the present time when any man was
not tried in Maryland and punished for an
offense against a negro, if it was known to the
authorities.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator mean to
say that there have been no murders of freed-
men in Maryland?
Mr. JOHNSON. What I mean to say is
this 
Mr. WILSON. I find I was mistaken. The
cases were in Virginia, and not in Maryland.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who certifies to those
facts?
Mr. WILSON. They are certified to by a
public officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts to say now
that he was mistaken in referring to Maryland,
and meant his reference to be to Virginia.
Mr. WILSON. Yes. In the State of Vir-
ginia there had been eighteen cases of murders
of freedmen and one hundred and five instances
of outrages against the civil rights bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to look at the list?
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senators are
through I will go on with the remarks I was
submitting to the Senate. When interrupted
I was speaking of some cases that had occurred
in the North. A year and a half ago I was
called to one of the counties adjoining my own
residence on professional business, and while
there I listened to the trial of a murder case.
There had been a political meeting during the
latter part of the war, I think in the year 18G4,
in that county. There was a drunken person
at that meeting who shouted for Jeff. Davis, as
it was claimed upon the trial, and the accused
took a pistol out of his pocket and shot him
dead for nothing in the world but the speaking
of th#words. It was not claimed by the attor-
neys for the defense that there was any excuse
oven, except the speaking of those words by
the murdered man when he was drunk. The
jury were out about fifteen minutes, and they
brought in a verdict of not guilty, and the court-
house rang with the huzzas of the partisans at
that result.
I refer to these cases to show that occasion-
ally, even in the pure atmosphere of the North,
the law is not executed; that the fascinations
of a beautiful woman in one case,- and political
influence in another will screen from the pun-
ishment for crimes.
So much, Mr. President, for this preamble—
a preamble upon neither proposition true in
matter of fact. Now, what is the bill which is
based upon this preamble? The first section
proposes to divide the southern country up
into military districts. That is already done
for some purposes by the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army. So that is not very important,
except that Congress undertakes thereby to do
that which properly belongs to the military
department of the Government, if I may so
express it.
The second section provides for one of two
things: either to take from the President his
control of the assignments of the officers of the
Army to duty, or it does not do that; whether
the one or the other I cannot say. The Sen-
ator who is the champion of the bill before us
says that its effect is to leave the President
clothed with all his powers as Commander-in-
Chief. The Senator from Michigan claims that
the language disrobes the President of the
United States as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army so far as the assignment of officers to
duty is concerned, and so far as the discharge
of duty under this act is concerned. Which is
it? If the effect of this section is to take from
the President his power which is conferred
upon him as the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, then it is in plain and palpable viola-
tion of the Constitution. If it does not have
that effecf"it ought not to be here. In either
event it ought not to be here. If we cannot
confer upon an inferior officer in the Army a
power that is vested in the President of the
United States, then this section ought to be
stricken out. I shall not discuss that section
further.
The third section, I suppose, is original with
the draftsman, for I think a precedent for it
can scarcely be found. I know it cannot be
found in any free Government that has ever
existed, and I doubt if it can be found in the
history of any despotism that has crushed men
to the earth in times that are past.
It shall be tho duty of each officer, assigned as
aforesaid, to protect all persons in their rights of
person and property.
How ? By what means and through what
instrumentalities? We shall come to that per-
haps directly; but here is an assignment to the
Army of the duty of protecting the citizen in
his rights of person and property. Is that
under our form of government the province
and the business of our Army? What does
the Constitution say in regard to our military
power, because the 'inilitary power of this Gov-
ernment, I presume, is to be found in the Con-
stitution as well as the power of any depart-
ment of the Government? Congress, among
other powers, shall have the power "to raise
and support armies, but no appropriation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term
than two years," and "to make rules for the
government and regulation of the land and
naval forces."
" To raise and support armies" is the gen-
eral power that is conferred upon Congress?
What is the business of an army in a free Gov-
ernment? Is it to ascertain, adjust, and con-
trol the rights of citizens ? The language of
the bill is "to protect all persons in their rights
of person and property.'' What are the rights
of person and property ? The rights of persons
and property are to be ascertained by the law.
The law defines these rights, not military law,
but civil law. "
Mr. President, it is the business of the Army
of the United States to defend the nation. It
is the right arm of the nation for its own defens#
and protection against a foreign foe and against
insurrection and rebellion within. For these
purposes I concede that under our form of gov-
ernment the Army may be properly and right-
fully used ; but when you go beyond that, and
in the time of peace assign the Army to the
protection of the rights of person and property,
you have carried the Army into the courts ; you
have driven the judge from his seat and the jury
from the box; and allowed martial law to take
the place of civil law.
This section does not stop here, but it goes
further and makes it the duty of the military
"to suppress insurrection, disorder, and vio-
lence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the peace, and criminals."
How is this to be done? By what law? And
