36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
hazards, the total cost to the Government in
expenses of every character is but a fractional
portion of one per cent.
Every effort lias been made to promote the
comfort and health of the Army, and to give
the best medical treatment to the wounded
and sick. Well-grounded apprehensions of
the appearance of Asiatic cholera as an epi-
demic, early in the present year, required
prompt action for the protection of our troops.
A rigid military quarantine was established on
the southern Atlantic coast, and sanitary pre-
cautions enforced. The adoption of these
measures availed to control or eradicate the
disease, at the recruiting depots and forts
where it appeared, before it assumed its usual
alarming epidemic form; and official recog-
nition has been given to the meritorious ser-
vices of medical officers whose fidelity, energy,
and skillful administration succeeded in avert-
ing or diminishing the horrors of wide-spread
pestilence. In other respects the general health
of the troops has been good. Among white
troops the proportion of deaths, from all causes,
to cases treated, has been one to every fifty-
two. Among colored troops the proportion
of cases taken sick has been greater than with
the white troops, and the mortality rate one
death to every twenty-nine cases treated. There
were remaining in general hospitals, June 30,
1865, and admitted during the year, 64,438
patients, of whom, on June 30, 1866, only 97
remained under treatment. The comfort and
proper medical treatment of the sick and
wounded are secured in well-arranged post
hospitals, of which there are at present 187,
with a total capacity of 10,881 beds.
Measures have been adopted for the pur-
pose of providing suitable shelter for the
troops now stationed on the plains, and for
those which may be ordered thither, and to
prevent suffering during the winter. The
Army has been well supplied with forage,
about one half the quantity Laving been sup-
plied from the stock remaining on hand at
the cessation of hostilities ; the consumption
for the year has been 3,300,000 bushels of
oats, 5,061,000 bushels of corn, 136,000 tons
of hay, 2,700 tons of straw.
Subsistence stores of good quality have been
supplied to the Army, and though the larger
part has been obtained at the principal mar-
ket centers of the northern States, yet the gen-
eral return of the citizens, North and South,
to the productiveness of peace, and the con-
sequent reopening of the customary channels
and sources of trade, have enabled a partial
resumption of the course of procuring sup-
plies at the points where they are to be con-
sumed. Eighty-nine contracts for fresh beef
have been made in the southern States, at a
general average price of 11.00 cents perpound,
and in the interior of those States other arti-
cles to a small extent have been purchased.
The market at New Orleans is now so well
furnished, and has so far yesumed a healthful
mercantile condition, as to render it possible
to procure there, at satisfactory prices, most
of the subsistence stores required in the de-
partment of the Gulf. On the Pacific coast,
for several years after California was admitted
to the Union, all the supplies for troops there
stationed were required to be shipped from
New York, but an ample and reliable market,
comprising the products of California and
Oregon, and the foreign countries bordering
upon the same ocean, is now found in San
Francisco, and most of the subsistence stores
for troops in the division of the Pacific have
been there obtained. In general the subsist-
ence supplies purchased during the year have
been procured upon contracts, concluded in
pursuance of advertisements for sealed pro-
posals, written proposals, and acceptances.
The importance of speedily providing the
Army with breech-loading small-arms of the
best pattern has been recognized and acted
upon. By an order of January 3, 1866, a board
of competent officers was convened for the pur-
pose of examining, testing, and reporting on
the various models of original breech-loaders,
and the various plans for the conversion into
breech-loaders of the arms heretofore borne
by our troops. This board met on March 10,
and continued in session until June 4, when its
report was submitted, and directions have been
given the ordnance department for the speedy
manufacture of breech-loading arms. In view
of the great number of small-arms on hand, it
has been deemed advisable to convert Spring-
field rifle-muskets, at a comparatively small
cost, into efficient breech-loaders, rather than
to incur the cost of the entire manufacture of
new arms of that description, at a time, too,
when the invention may not have been per-
fected . This alteration of the Springfield mus-
ket has been effected so successfully as to ren-
der it an arm believed to be better in all respects
than the Prussian needle-gun, while its metallic
ammunition is regarded as superior to that of
the latter. The Department has already on
hand breech-loaders of approved patterns ade-
quate for the supply of the cavalry, and mounted
and light infantry.
Besides the measures that have been men-
tioned to provide for the comfort and promote
the efficiency of the Army, stated monthly in-
spections have been made in every military
command during the year, with a view to bring
to notice and promptly remedy any irregular-
ities and defects; and numerous special inspec-
tions have also been made throughout the
whole country for the purpose of correcting
abuses, suggesting improvements, and effecting
retrenchment in the service. The inspection
service has not been changed by the return to
peace; the system developed during the war,
meeting the requirements as nearly as practi-
cable, is still continued.
The present organization of military depart-
ments and divisions is as follows :
The department of the East, Major General
George G. Meade to command, to embrace the
New England States, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, and Fort Delaware. Headquar-
ters at Philadelphia.
The department of the Lakes, Brigadier and
Brevet Major General Joseph Hooker to com-
mand, to embrace the States of Ohio, Michi-
gan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin. Head-
quarters at Detroit.
The department of Washington, Brigadier
and Brevet Major General E. K. S. Canby to
command, to embrace the District of Colum-
bia, Alexandria and Fairfax counties, Virginia,
and the States of Maryland and Delaware,
except FortDelaware. Headquarters at Wash-
ington.
The department of the Potomac, Brigadier
and Brevet Major General John M. Schofield to
command, to embrace the States of Virginia,
except Alexandria and Fairfax counties, and
West Virginia. Headquarters at Richmond.
The department of the South, Major Gen-
eral Daniel E. Sickles to command, to embrace
the States of North and South Carolina. Head-
quarters at Charleston.
The department of the Tennessee, Major
General George H. Thomas to command, to
embrace the States of Kentucky, Tennessee,
Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi. Head-
quarters at Louisville.
The department of the Gulf, Major General
Philip H. Sheridan to command, to embrace
the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Texas.
Headquarters at New Orleans.
The department of thg Arkansas, Brigadier
and Brevet Major General E. O. C. Ord to
command, to embrace the State of Arkansas
and Indian Territory west. Headquarters at
Little Rock.
The department of the Missouri, Major Gen-
eral Winfield S. Hancock to command, to
embrace the States of Missouri a d Kansas,
and the Territories of Colorado and New
Mexico. Headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.
The department of the Platte, Brigadier and
Brevet Major General Philip St. George Cooke
to command, to embrace the State of Iowa,
the Territories of Nebraska and Utah, so much
of Dakota as lies west of the one hundred and
fourth meridian, and so much of Montana as
lies contiguous to the new road from Fort Lar-
amie to Virginia City, Montana. Headquar-
ters at Omaha.
The department of Dakota, Brigadier and
Brevet Major General A. H. Terry to com-
mand, to embrace the State of Minnesota and
all the Territories of Dakota and Montana not
embraced in the department of the Platte.
Headquarters at Fort Snelling.
The department of California, Brigadier and
Brevet Major General Irvin McDowell to com-
mand, to embrace the States of California and
Nevada, and the Territory of Arizona. Head-
quarters at San Francisco.
The department of the Columbia, Major
General Frederick Steele to command, to em-
brace the State of Oregon and the Territories
of Washington and Idaho. Headquarters at
Portland.
The principal movements of troops have been
in Texas, on the Mexican frontier, and in the
Territories, the details of which are given in
the accompanying report of General Grant,
commanding the arrhies of the United States,
and the reports of division and department
commanders, to which reference is made. Gen-
eral Grant reports that a military force lias
been kept in all the lately rebellious States for
the purposes of insuring the execution of law
and protecting life and property against the acts
of those who, as yet, will acknowledge no law
but force—a class smaller, in his opinion, than
could have been expected after such a conflict
as that through which we have passed, but
sufficiently formidable to justify the course
which lias been pursued. Military movements
have also been directed with a view to the pro-
tection of emigrants on their way to the mount-
ain Territories against the hostility and oppo-
sition of the Indians.
Besides the operations thus recapitulated,
of reduction, concentration, retrenchment,
and reorganization of the military establish-
ment, and payment, complete equipment, and
disposition of the Army, other matters of na-
tional importance and interest have received
the careful attention of the War Department.
The permanent defenses of the country have
been strengthened. Their efficiency has al-
ready been much increased by substituting
cannon of larger caliber and improved model
for lighter guns, and wrouglit-iron for wooden
gun-carriages. This work is still in progress,
and will be continued. Diligent and careful
efforts, based upon the designs and recom-
mendations of competent boards of engineers,
have been made to adapt old works, as well
as those in process of construction, to more
powerful armaments. Construction has been
suspended upon some works, in order to await
the completion of important experiments having
in view the extensive use of iron shields or
armor for the protection of guns and gunners;
the results already attained give the promise
of a practical and highly beneficial application
of the knowledge obtained by these trials.
Surveys of the lakes have been continued,
and progress has already been made in im-
proving the harbors and rivers of the country.
The work will be energetically prosecuted
under the liberal appropriations made at the
last session of Congress.
Active and careful measures have been insti-
tuted for successfully and speediv carrying into
effect the generous provisions of Congress for
the benefit of surviving soldiers of the war for
the Union. The subject of the payment of
extra bounties to discharged soldiers, and extra
pay to discharged officers, has received assid-
uous attention. The recent law devolving upon
the War Department, instead of the accounting
officers of the Treasury, the duties of examina-
