1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
decision of another of the venerable justices of
the Supreme Court, (Nelson,) lately made on
his circuit in New York, on the application of
certain citizens of South Carolina to be dis-
charged from Federal imprisonment. That
learned justice did not hesitate to recognize
that State as being as much a State in the
Union as the State of New York.
These judicial opinions are in such clear har-
mony with the philosophy of our Government
that they cannot fail soon to secure the appro-
bation of the popular judgment unless we are
doomed to the loss of our liberties and the over-
throw of our cherished institutions by the mad
and reckless spirit that rules the hour.
I claim, therefore, that these States never
were out of the Union. Every act of theirs
or of their people designed to take them out
was a failure or a nullity. It involved a per-
sonal crime only, and destroyed the practical
relations of representation and cooperation
which should exist at all times between the
States and the Federal Government, but did
not in any just or rational sense involve State
suicide or State abdication or increase the pow-
ers of Congress over the States. Any other
theory results in stultification. It is a confes-
sion of insincerity, of hypocrisy, and a covert
purpose of revolution on the part of the ma-
jority who have controlled the country during
the last six years. If its presentJ%>olicy is car-
ried out it will effectually revolutionize the
Government. It will prove that we have more
power and ability to resist the dangers of war
than to guard against those of peace. I verily
believe that the most difficult duty ever de-
volved upon Governments or rulers is the paci-
fication of discontented subjects or citizens.
This duty seems to acquire tenfold greater
embarrassments under a free Government, be-
cause the parties to popular disturbances are
the people, and the most potent impulses of
their natures become involved in the contro-
versy and obscure their bettor judgments.
The late war on our part was but a mighty
display of the police power of the Government
in aid of the civil authorities and to reestab-
lish them. That duty done and the Army's
and Navy's work was finished.
The high prerogative of national mercy and
pardon is committed by the express language
of the Constitution to the Chief Magistrate of
the United States, who is by the same author-
ity made Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy. He cannot even delegate it to another
or divide the responsibility of its exercise. I
quote again from the decision of the Supreme
Court in ex parte Garland :
"The Constitution provides that the President
shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States, except in cases of
impeachment. The power thus conferred is unlim-
ited, with the exception stated; it extends to every
offense known to the law, and may bo exercised at
any time after its commission, either before legal
proceedings are taken or during their pendency or
after conviction and judgment. This power of the
President is not suhject to leg'slative control. Con-
gress can neither limit the effect of his pardon nor
exclude from its exercit-e any class of offenders. The
benign prerogative of mercy reposed in him cannot
be fettered by any legislative restriction."
This beneficent power has been exercised
in great wisdom and moderation by the Presi-
dent. The great body of the people lately in
insurrection against the Government have been
pardoned either by general amnesty or special
grant. These pardons were all given before
conviction. Of such the Supreme Court, in
the same case, repeating the language in sub-
stance of all the decisions on this subject,
say:
" If granted before conviction they prevent any of
the penalties and disabilities consequent upon con-
viction from attaching."
Yet the bill under consideration, in very
contempt of the Constitution, laws, and court,
utterly ignores all these facts. It assumes the
power to punish the recipients of these par-
dons by imposing upon them most unjust and
odious disabilities. In its seventh section, by
novel and absurd provisions, it attempts to im-
pose perpetual disabilities and singular punish-
ments upon the States themselves, the corpora-
tions, which can no more be the subjects of
punishment than they can be the recipients of
executive pardon. In all its provisions it is
so pregnant with mischief and so violative of
correct and elementary principles that it eer-
tainly could not survive the test of judicial
examination if it should unfortunately become
a law.
The bill assumes that the existing State
governments were illegally formed, and then
graciously concedes to them a temporary va-
lidity for municipal purposes. I have shown
that no forfeiture of the rights of States, or
of the right of the people to self-government
in the States resulted from the attempt to
secede. If, therefore, at the close of the war
these States were out of their proper relations
of harmony and cooperation with the Federal
Government it was their imperative duty by
their own voluntary action to resume those
relations. They have done so. They have vol-
untarily removed, exorcised, from their State
governments every hostile or unconstitutional
power or enactment, every indication of rebel-
lious purpose, and hundreds of laws and powers
before the war deemed legal and constitutional,
but now out of harmony with the spirit of the
times.
It is further assumed m the bill that these
things were done under duress. But this
assumption is wholly gratuitous. There is no
fact in the entire history of these changes in
their local governments and laws that tends
to establish such an assertion. The whole
extent of the President's exercise of influence
to secure them consisted in the expression of
opinions and the giving of advice. The peo-
ple of those States were at liberty to adopt his
advice or reject it. That it was sound and
patriotic no man will now deny. It was given
in the interest of national reunion and pacifica-
tion alone. It violated no executive duty. It
transcended no executive power.
But it is said by way of reproach or com-
plaint that the President appointed provis-
ional governors for those States. He was
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
In the language of the Supreme Court—
"The Constitution confers on the President the
whole executive power. He is bound to take care
that the laws be faithfully executed."
It was therefore his duty to know when the
war had ceased and the lawful authority of the
United States had been restored and estab-
lished and hostile populations had been re-
duced to obedience. He needed no legislative
action to inform him of these facts. He is the
great head of the Government, to whom all such
information is communicated by all its subor-
dinate officers. It is his duty, as the sworn
conservator of the Constitution, to remember
that when the authority of the Government
over any insurrectionary district or people has
been reestablished, it does not resume posses-
sion under a new title as conqueror, but under
its old title as the legitimate Government of
the country.
In this great emergency, this new and terri-
ble experience of our country, he tried to do
his duty, and, in my judgment, has committed
fewer errors in action or principle than any
ruler similarly situated ever did in the history
of Governments before. He found governments
in each of those States upon the suppression
of the rebellion that were in many respects not
in harmony with the Federal Government under
the Constitution, and he therefore could not
recognize them as rightful State governments
in the Union. The people had given up their
resistance and returned to obedience, but had
not undone the hostile attempts to change their
State governments. To aid them in doing this,
and to facilitate their transition from a mili-
tary occupancy and hostile form of State gov-
ernments to complete voluntary accord with the
requirements of the Constitution, he appointed
provisional governors. He assigned them a
few obvious and simple duties calculated to
facilitate the accomplishment of the great duty
of restoration. But he did violence to no great
principle. He exercised no arbitrary power.
He recognized the gre^t original right of the
people to loeal self-government. In the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court, in Chisholm vs.
Georgia, seventy-five years ago, he held that—
"A State does not owe its origin to the Government
of the United States in the highest or in any of its
branches. It was in existence before it. It derives
its authority from the same pure and sacred source
as itself, the voluntary and deliberate cjivict: of the
people."
In my judgment the interposition of provis-
ional governors adds nothing to the validity of
the present State governments in the South.
It merely aided in their speedy formation.
Their validity, vitality, a d sacredness all arise
from the consent of the people. If they had
been dictated by the President or Congress
they would have lacked the very first principle
of republican governments. This bill is a
wicked attempt to impose governments upon
them by the usurped and despotic power of
Congress, in violation of this sacred principle.
But it is claimed that the President had no
power to recognize these restored State gov-
ernments in the South. The continued exist-
ence of the States themselves as States in the
Union had been recognized in a thousand
ways by Congress and every department of
the Government, from the inception of the war
until this present hour. These States are not
Territories of the United States within the
meaning of the Constitution, and never can be.
They needed no enabling acts to authorize them
to reform their State governments. They re-
quired no congressional permission to do their
duty. It was their office, and theirs alone, to
undo as far as possible what they had done
amiss.
It was the duty of the chief executive officer
of the nation, the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, to know when these States
had resumed relations in entire harmony with
the lawful authority of the Federal Govern-
ment. Without this knowledge he could not
wisely discharge the duties devolving upon
him in either capacity. He must possess it
to enable him to direct properly the movements
of the military and civil forces and officers
under his control. Having it, it became his
duty to act upon it, and be controlled by it to
its logical results. He is made the constitu-
tional recipient of all such information in the
first instance. It is thus, by clear and conclu-
sive inference, made Ms duty to act upon such
knowledge in the performance of his great duty
to see that the laws be faithfully executed.
He represents primarily the political power of
the Government.
In the Dorr rebellion in Rhode Island, in
1842, the President recognised the old charter
government as the legitimate government of
that State, and in Luther vs. Borden, a case
which arose out of those troubles, the Su-
preme Court of the United States held that
the President was authorized* to make such
recognition, and that his action was binding'on
the court. The decision was based upon the
impregnable ground that without this power
the President could not in all cases execute
the laws, and especially in the protection of
States against domestic violence, for he could
not lawfully determine which was the legiti-
mate State government entitled to Federal
protection.
In 1861, just after the State of Virginia had
withdrawn from Congress, a revolutionary gov-
ernment was organized at Wheeling which as-
sumed to be the government of that State,
although it only represented in part the portion
of the State west of the mountains, and it elected
Senators to Congress (Carlile and Wii,i,f,y) who
claimed admission as representatives in the Sen-
ate for the State of Virginia. Their admission
was resisted on various grounds. The organi-
zation at Wheeling was in every respect irregu-
lar, and represented the voluntary action of a
mere section of the people of that State. But
President Lincoln recognized it as the legiti-
mate government of Virginia, and the Senators
were admitted to seats. 1 be grounds npon whieh
it was done are very forcibly stated by one of
the wisest Senators aad best men then in Con-
