1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
39th Coxg.,..2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
tion and settlement of claims of this nature,
imposed a vast accumulation of labor, and
required the consideration of numerous acts
of Congress, and the regulations and practice
of several bureaus; upon the proper perform-
ance of these extraordinary labors depends
the disbursement of nearly eighty million dol-
lars among more than a million claimants.
Soon after the adjournment of Congress a com- |
petent board of officers was organized to pre- '
pare rules and regulations for the payment of I
the authorized bounties. Diligent application
was given to the work, and the regulations,
having been found to be in strict accordance
with law, were promptly approved, published,
and directed to be carried into effect. To the
sa&e board the subject of bounties for colored
soldiers was also referred, with a view to pro-
vide any additional checks that might guard
the bounty from fraudulent assignees and se-
cure it to colored soldiers, and protect the ,
Treasury against fraud ; and when the report
was received, payment of the bounties was
ordered. As to the other class of bounties,
the Paymaster General regards it impracticable
to make payment until all applications shall
have been received, an4 claims classified and
registered by gtates and organizations; but by
this preliminary process the ultimate payment
of ail will, it is believed, be greatly expedited.
Attempted otherwise, probably the work would
never be fully accomplished. Of the valuable
public records by which the validity of the
bounty claims is to be tested, there is in the
archives of the Government but one copy, al-
ready much worn, for each period. An exam-
ination for each individual case would soon
reduce them to illegible shreds.
The duty of the Government to the soldiers
who have been maimed or have fajlen in its de-
defense has not been neglected. Much care has
been taken, by precautions and practical tests,
to secure for the former the most durable, useful,
and comfortable artificial limbs. From July 10,
1862, the date of the act of Congress authoriz-
ing artificial limbs to be furnished, to July 1,
1806, there have been supplied to disabled
soldiers 3,081 legs, 2,240 arms, 9 feet, 55 hands,
125 surgical apparatus, and it is supposed that
not more than 1,000 limbs remain still to be
supplied, at an estimated cost of $70,000. In
order to include unfortunate cases in which,
from the nature of the injury or operation, no
limb or other surgical appliance can be advan-
tageously adopted, the burgeon General has
recommended that, if the appropriation for
this purpose shall be continued, the money
value of an artificial limb, in lieu of an order
for the apparatus, be given to the maimed sol-
dier. Forty-one national military cemeteries
have been established, and into these had al-
ready been gathered, on June 30, the remains
of 104,52(i Union soldiers. The site? for
ten additional cemeteries have been selected,
 nd the work upon them, for some time
delayed by the climate and a threatened epi-
demic, is now in course of vigorous prosecu-
tion. Although it may not be desirable to
remove the remains of those now reposing in
other suitable burial grounds, it is estimated
that our national cemeteries will be required to
receive and protect the remains of 249,397
patriotic soldiers whose lives were sacrificed
m defense of our national existence. The
average cost of the removals and reinterments
already accomplished is reported at $9 75,
amounting in the aggregate to $1,144,791; and
it rs believed that an additional expenditure of
81,009, 294 will be necessary. It is proposed,
instead of the wooden head-boards heretofore
used, to erect at the graves small monuments
of cast iron, suitably protected by zinc coating
®?ainst rust. Six lists of the dead, containing
j^iGOG names, have been published by the
Viartermaster General, and others will be
•ssued as rapidly as they can be prepared.
fjocuments submitted by the chiefsof bureaus,
&nd accompanying this report, contain detailed
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2.
information relative to the operations of the
War Department and the requirements of its
respective branches.
The total estimate of military appropriations
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808, is
§25,205,609 00.
The Adjutant General's office has immedi-
ate supervision of recruiting for the regular
Army, and disbanding the volunteer force, and
charge also of the records and unfinished busi-
nessof the Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
which, in accordance with act of July 28, 1800,
was discontinued on August 28. Arrangements
have been made for the prompt settlement of
theundetermined questions formerly pertaining
to that bureau, and for the removal to Washing-
ton of the records of its offices in the various
States. The estimated appropriation required
for the purposes of the Adjutant General's
office is $300,000.
The officers of the Inspector General's de-
partment are now those of the regular estab-
lishment, and they are all engaged in their
legitimate duties of stated and special inspec-
tions. No appropriation is required for this
service.
In the Bureau of Military Justice during the
past year 8.148 records of courts-martial and
military commissions have been received, re-
viewed, and filed; 4,008 special reports made
as to the regularity of judicial proceedings, the
pardon of military offenders, the remission or
commutation of sentences, and upon the mis-
cellaneous subjects and questions referred for
the opinion of the bureau; including also let-
ters of instruction upon military law and prac-
tice to judge advocates and reviewing officers.
The number of records of military courts re-
ceived at this bureau reached a minimum soon
after the adoption of the recent Army act, and
since that time has increased with the military
force. The other business of the office, as an
advisory branch of the War Department, will
also, it is believed, continue to be augmented
until the peace establishment shall be com-
pletely organized and the new Army fully re-
cruited ; and the fact that, in a large number
of important cases, commanders of depart-
ments and armies are not authorized to exe-
cute sentences in time of peace, and that such
cases can no longer be summarily disposed of
without a reference to the Executive, will also
require from the bureau a very considerable
number of reports which heretofore have not
been called for. Its aggregate business will,
it is thought, not be reduced in proportion to
the reduction of the military force.
In the quartermaster's department the re-
turns and accounts of officers responsible for
clothing and equipage during the year have
been examined and transmitted to the Treasury
for final settlement. The erection of the fire-
proof warehouse at Philadelphia, for which
Congress made an appropriation on July 28,
will be commenced so soon as the proposals
now invited by public advertisement shall have
been received and compared; and authority is
desired for the purchase of a site and erection
of a similar structure at Jeffersonville, Indi-
ana. During the fiscal year ocean transporta-
tion has been furnished for 131,581 men; inland
transportation for 1,016,300 persons, 138,389
animals, 10,370 wheeled vehicles, and 420,000
tons of stores of all kinds; and the greater
part of the bills for transportation during the
war have been settled and paid. Claims, prin-
cipally under the act of July 4, 1864, have
been filed daring the year to the amount of
over $11,000,000, upon which about $1,000,000
have been paid. No further appropriations
are required for the regular service of the
quartermaster's department, as it is believed
that the balances now available, and the sums
received and to be received, will suffice for the
next fiscal year. For contingencies the sum
of $100,000 is requested.
The subsistence department is Engaged, un-
der the joint resolution of July 25, 1866, in
paying, upon certificates given by the Com-
missary General of Prisoners, commutation
of rations to those United States soldiery who
were held as prisoners of war. Tobacco is
now furnished to the enlisted men of the Army,
under proper regulations. The settlement of
accounts of officers who have performed duty
with the subsistence department has rapidly
progressed. Claims under the act of July 4,
1864, which have been filed in the subsistence
office, amount in the aggregate to $1,758,031 04,
on which $85,343 10 have been allowed. Claims
amounting to $1,021,123 70 await final exam-
ination and decision. The total amount of
money drawn from the Treasury and disbursed
by the subsistence department during the past
fiscal year was $7,518,872 54, including pay-
ment of claims under the act of July 4, 1864.
The amount disbursed during the fiscal years
of the war was:
  y 1,1SP.1, to Juno 30,1RB2  848,700.521 14
From July 1, to Juno 30, lxf>!  till,.") '.7.">82 78
From July 1
From July 1, j i^, iu u uih; •>", i<-"< >  u;v> •'. lo
Frnm July 1, ]*'>), to June 30, 1-^il  Os.'ii'ti. ns 50
From July 1, ISol, to Juno HO, ]Kii5  144.7-J.!|ii'l 41
From July 1,1805, to June 30, lStiO  7,51s,*72 51
Total amount..
$369,305,804 37
No appropriation is required for the next
fiscal year.
Arrangements will soon be consummated by
the medical department for the permanent
security of its valuable mortuary records, in-
cluding 16,000 folio volumes of hospital regis-
ters, 47,000 burial records, 10,000 hospital
muster and pay rolls, alphabetical registers of
the dead, containing 250,000 names of white
and 20,000 of colored soldiers, and the patho-
logical collection constituting the Army medical
museum. During the year official evidence,
obtainable from no other source, of cause of
death, or of discharge for disability, has been
furnished in 4'.).212 cases, and 210,027 dis-
charges upon certificates of disability have been
examined and classified. The total number of
surgical cases classified and recorded is, of
wounds 133,952, and of operations 28,438. The
preparation for publication of the Medical and
Surgical History of the War has been prosecuted
with energy, much of the manuscript and sev-
eral of the illustrations for the first volume
being completed. The Army medical museum
continues to increase in value and usefulness,
and the greater security and additional accom-
modations of the building to which it will be
shortly removed, admit of the addition of a
great number of interesting and instructive
specimens not hitherto available for want of
space. A small appropriation will be required
to continue the work of classification and pres-
ervation of this national collection. The num-
ber of casualties from the commencement of
the war to the present time, in the regular and
volunteer medical staff, isasccrtained to be 336,
including 29 killed in battle, 12 killed by acci-
dent, 10 died of wounds, 4 died in rebel pri?on,
7 died of yellow fever, 3 died ot cholera, 2.0
died of other diseases. During the war 35
medical officers were wounded in battle. The
distribution of troops in small bodies over so
large an extent of country necessitates the
employment of acting assistant surgeons tem-
porarily, but the number of these has been
reduced from 1,997 on July 1, 1865, to 264 on
July 1, 1866, and will be still further diminished
when existing vacancies in the grade of assist-
ant surgeons, created bv the act of Congress
of July 28, 1866, are filled; a corresponding
decrease in the number of hospital stewards,
for general service, has also been effected; and
in every branch of the department reduction
and retrenchment have been rigidly enforced.
An aggregate expenditure of $267,391 92 was
incurred by the medical department in furnish-
ing officers and supplies to the Bureau ot lU tu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, which
had under its control, during the fiscal year
ending July 1, 18G6, no appropriation applica-
ble to the purpose; and though, under a
