624
HfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
gress, Judge Collamer* who is no# dead. Sis
views apply with equal propriefjfcand force to
the present attitude of the States of the South.
Their governments have been recognized by the
Executive, and are in every respect more reg-
ular and the more legitimate offspring of the
will of the people than was that revolutionary
government in Virginia.
I beg the attention of the House while I cite,
as briefly as may be, Judge Collamer's views.
I read from the Globe, volume forty-five page
106: •
" There are two difficulties which are suggested in
this ca^e. First, it is said that this is a certificate
coming fro.n a new government of Virgmni, a new
organization separated from the rest of the State, but
acting 'or the State as a State, Xiiix'is in the nature
of a judicial proceeding: we are now judging oj the
qualification of our members. It is not at all an
uncommon thing in our highest tribunals that points
arise in the investigation of eases, where the court
are constrained to say'that is a political question;
with that the courts have nothing to do. 1 or in-
stance : whether a foreign Government recently com-
menced has become an independent people, whether
in court i t is to be treated and considered as a nation,
is not a point on which the court can decide, ihatis
a political question; and if the oxecutive head of the
Government has received ministers from that rower,
recognized it as a Power on earth, the courts cannot
go into the question whether he did it right or did it
wrong. It is a matter of political action, and the
political power is what settles it, and we cannot
examine into it any more. ,,
"In analogy to that, m this judicial proceeding,
must we not be governed by the fact that the govern-
ment of Virginia that has executed these papers and
sent them to us is recognized by .our Executive?
They have called on him for militia, and have re-
ceived militia from-him. He recognizes them as. the
government of Virginia. It is a political question;
it is settled. There is no occasion for our inquiring
- further into that. We, as a judicial body, on this
question, have nothing to do with that. Here is the
executive of that State, recognized by the Executive
of this Government: there is the end of thatsubject.
But the advocates of this bill and of like rev-
olutionary measures tell the country that the
governments of these southern States are not
. republican in form," and that "the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government."
This provision supplies no justification what-
ever for the monstrous policy of these meas-
ures. It gives Congress no shadow of right to
dictate constitutions to States of this Union or
to Territories. Every contemporaneous inter-
pretation of it is utterly inconsistent with any
such.idea. Our forefathers never tolerated
by any act of theirs any such invasion by Con-
gress of the primary and inalienable right of
self-government in the people. In its true
intent and spirit this provision is rather de-
signed to prohibit just such changes in the
local governments as the pending measures
contemplate. Hamilton says," this guarantee
could only operate against changes to be
effected by violenceand that it is " as much
directed against the usurpation of rulers as
against the ferments and outrages of faction
and sedition in the community." Mr. Madi-
son says:
" The authority extends no farther than to a guar-
antee of a republican form of government which sup-
poses a preexisting government of the form winch is
to bo guarantied. As long, therefore, as the existing
republican forms are continued by the States they
are guarantied by the Federal Government. When-
ever the State may choose to substitute other'repub-
liean forms they have a right to do so, and to claim
the Federal guarantee for the latter."
In these views Judge Story fully concurs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what have these States
done that is not in strict accord with these
opinions and principles? Their governments
are as thoroughly republican in form as those
of any other part of the Union. They are all
representative, with such departmental sub-
divisions to facilitate administration as have
been approved by the experience of our whole
country, and they all rest upon the consent
and voluntary action of the people. It is
falsely assumed that they were "formed in
the midst of martial law," and therefore do
not represent the will of the people. It is true
that the military power of the Federal Govern-
ment held possession of several parts of their
territory. But these State governments were
so changed by the people, without any inter-
ference whatever., military or martial, as to
make them harmonize with the Inderal Gov-
ernment under the Constitution, so as to re-
move every line and vestige of hostility to the
latter, in order that the presence of any mili-
tary power of the Government should become
unnecessary. I have no doubt that they this
day more nearly represent the will and actual
consent of their entire people than do the gov-
ernments of any other equal number of States
in the Union.
It is further objected that these censtitutions
were not submitted for ratification to the peo-
ple. With all due respect I cannot appreciate
this as anything but a political subterfuge. As
to the mode of ratifying constitutions of States
there is no settled practice in our country; the
mode of ratification, like the constitution itself,
must be chosen by each State according to its
own pleasure. It is a matter of very minor im-
portance. The modes and practice adopted by
different States in the history of the formations
of our constitutions have been very diverse.
The truth is that the changes made in these
southern State constitutions were generally very
few in number, and such only as were necessary
to abolish the changes interpolated into them
during the rebellion, and make them harmonize
again with the Federal Constitution. In the
propriety of making these changes the popular
mind of those States was almost a unit, and a
submission of them to popular ratification would
have been but a useless formula.
But, Mr. Speaker, the undisguised and, in
my humble opinion, most unrighteous purpose
of all this kind of legislation is to usurp powers
over those States that can find no warrant
except in the fierce will of the dominant party
in this Congress. It is alike at war with every
principle of good and free government and
with the highest dictates of humanity and na-
tional fraternity. The real aim of this bill is
to enable this Congress to subordinate all gov-
ernment in those States to its own partisan
will and the accomplishment of its own as-
cendency in the country. I cannot perceive, a
single material result that can be attained by
this bill that will not involve a palpable viola-
tion of some express provision of the Consti-
tution.
It proposes to degrade those States to Ter-
ritories, and put them substantially under the
government of Congress. For this act no man
can show a scintilla of constitutional authority.
It proposes to impose punishments upon cer-
tain classes of the people in the nature of vari-
ous disabilities for offenses which were not
thus punishable when committed. But the
Constitution says "no ex post facto law shall
be passed." It proposes to prescribe the qual-
ifications for office in States of this Union in
violation of their reserved rights, as lately ad-
judged by the Supreme Court. It proposes
to disfranchise certain classes of citizens by
mere legislative declaration, without trial or
conviction according to law. _ It proposes c
retrospective and unconstitutional test oath
the principle of which has just received judi-
cial condemnation at the hands of the Supreme
Court. It proposes by its seventh section to
make the States which shall come into the
Union under its provisions unequal and infe-
rior in dignity and rights to all the others, and
liable in certain cases to cease to be States in
the Union and to lose their right to be repre-
sented in Congress. It proposes to make a
mere act of ordinary legislation perpetual and
irrepealable by any future Congress. It pro-
poses by a sort of legislative supplement to
the Constitution to declare what sort of laws
and constitutions the States shall hereafter
make. Let me read this seventh section:
Skc.7. And be it further enacted. That no constitu-
tion shallbepresented to or actedon by Congresswhich
denies to any citizen any right, privileges, or immu-
nities which are granted to any other citizen 111 the
State. All laws shall be impartial, without regard to
language, race, or former condition. If the pro-
visions of this section should ever be altered, repealed,
expunged, or in any way abrogated, this act shall
becomo void and said State lose its right to be rep-
resented in Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, are we to believe that
our revolutionary sires, after their long and
bloody struggles with tyrants and tyranny, so
little understood the logic of either as to in-
trust such dangerous powers as these to any
department of the Government? No, never;
they had learned the value and necessity for
written constitutions, that should be supreme
law alike to rulers and people.
But this bill attempts to prescribe the qualifi-
cations for voting in those States, in violation
of another express provision of the Constitu-
tion. And here is disclosed another of the
cherished purposes of the dominant party in
such legislation. They are determined to con-
fer universal suffrage on the negroes of the
South. Very few men of any intelligence will
yet claim for Congress the power to go into the
northern States of the Union and prescribe the
qualifications for suffrage in them. Yet no more
power exists in Congress to regulate suffrage
in the States of the South than in those of the
North. No man can produce a line of respect-
able authority for either. During the last ses-
sion of this Congress I discussed this subject
in this House with reference to the authorities
bearing upon it, and I now refer to what I then
said. I now merely repeat that all power over
this subject resides in the States alone. Whether
and when and upon what terms the negro may
exercise the right of suffrage each State has
the right to settle for itself.
The venerable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] ft his able speech on this bill, in-
dulged in some very startling propositions that
seem to me not to be very consistent with his
opposition to the bill. If I were compelled to
choose between his theory of Federal power
over the southern States and the bill itself I
think I would prefer the latter, as being, if pos-
sible, the least dangerous and revolutionary.
He assumes that the States represented in this
House alone " are the nation," andthat" there
is no American nationality" outside of them,
and that the States to be affected by this bill
"have no power to legislate upon any subject
affecting the life, liberty, or property of an
American citizen, save by the sufferance of the
American nation," and that " by their rebellion
they ceased to possess the power or legal coact-
ive force for local State government." Iam
not sure that my acquaintance with the polit-
ical vocabulary of the liadicals is sufficient to
enable me to understand just what all this
means. But I think I am safe in assuming that
it means that the Radical party have the power
and intend to exercise it to govern this country
without the aid of the unrepresented States, the
Constitution, or the Supreme Court.
If the unrepresented States are no part of
the " nation." it readily follows that they need
not be counted in ratifying the proposed con-
stitutional amendments. It is not so clear
where the United States obtains power to gov-
ern States that are no part of the "nation."
This whole doctrine is utterly subversive of
the principles of constitutional government.
I think I have already sufficiently answered it.
It is not sustained by a single respectable
authority in the political or judicial history of
our Government. If it is, why are they not
presented for our consideration? In so grave
a matter as the proposed congressional gov-
ernment of States, there should be taken the
utmost care to vindicate both its propriety and
constitutionality. The learned gentleman from
Ohio assumes that there is sorae^ countenance
given to his theory in the decisions of the
Supreme Court in Luther vs. Borden, and m
the prize cases. I am wholly unable to find any
authority whatever in either of those eases to
justify any such dogma. But I do find in them
ample vindication for the positions I have en-
deavored to maintain, and 1 have cited from
those cases. . .
In truth, the whole course of decisions upon
constitutional questions in that court, and espe-
cially those lately promulgated, are in irrecon-
cilable conflict with all the leading measures
and policy of the dominant party iu Congress,
and by the plainest logical sequence pronounce
judgment of condemnation against them all m
advance. Hence arises the growing hostility
of radicalism toward that great tribunal. Tke
