1867.
T0E CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
country may well anticipate an early attempt
by the radical despotism that now claims to be
the " nation" and to measure; its power by its
Own will to reduce that la'st citadel of national
safety to its control, and to make the judge's
mere clerks to record as law the edicts of party
and caucus. The gentleman from Ohio has
pointed out the way. He suggests to his co-
workers that.they "sweep away at once its
appellate jurisdiction in all cases," and thus
take from it nearly every opportunity to pass
upon the unconstitutional measures of hisparty.
But if the court should still, as often as its re-
maining jurisdiction might afford it proper occa-
sion, put the seal of judicial condemnation upon
the lawless doings of his party, then he invites
you to seek its final destruction. Hear his sum-
mons, and let the country hear it and take
warning of our danger:
41 If, however, the court usurps power to decide
political questions and defy a free people's will-, it
will only remain for a people thus insulted and de-
fied to demonstrate that the servant is not above his
lord, by procuring a further constitutional amend-
ment and ratifying the same, which will defy judicial
usurpation by annihilating the usurpers in the aboli-
tion of the tribunal itself."
Yes, if the Supreme Court, a coordinate de-
partment of this Government; gets in the way
of radicalism it must be destroyed. It must
not be allowed to insult a, "free people's will"
by the faithful discharge of its duty under the
Constitution. If the President, the represent-
ative of another coordinate department of the
Government, gets in the way of radicalism he,
too, must be disposed of. Congress must be
king; it is the "nation." Constitutions must
be remade, modified, or abolished if the exig-
encies of party demand it. And this must be
done by a part only of the States, such a part
as the parti/ is willing to hear. We hear a
great deal about the "American nationality,"
and "the nation," and the "people's will,"
and "the life of the Republic," and "a politic
personality," and other transcendental terms
and phrases, but they are all intended to
operate upon the people, as a sort of political
mirage, to inspire them with false hopes and
lead them into political chaos or despotism.
Mr. Speaker, when I .reflect upon these most
extraordinary assumptions of power and most
revolutionary threats against the integrity of
the Constitution my heart sinks within me,
and I almost despair for the Republic and for
the preservation of liberty in our country. If
we are to be saved from such a fate, it must
needs be by an interposition of Divine Provi-
dence to arouse the people to a consciousness
of their great perils.
Mr. HIGBY obtained the floor.
belies- of poor in the district again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] kindly consents to yield
to me that I may have another opportunity
to present the joint resolution appropriating
$25,000 for the relief of the poor of this Dis-
trict.
Mr. HIGBY. Provided that it gi\'es rise to
no debate.
The SPEAKER. In what shape does the
gentleman from Illinois now present his prop-
osition ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. In order that the reso-
lution may go through without opposition I
have consented to modify it so that the distri-
bution of the fund shall be under the control
of General Howard and the mayor of Wash-
ington.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the resolution?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to it in its
present form, though I am willing it shall be
introduced and passed in the form m which the
gentleman originally presented it.
MBS. MARY VEBBKR.
Mr, CULVER, by unanimous oonsent, in-
troduced a joint resolution fqr the relief of Mrs.
Sarah Webber, late postmistress at SVanklin>
Pennsylvania; which was read a fits! find seo-
ond time, and referred to the Oowwittea on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
39xh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 40,
enrolled bill signed. * ,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the. Committee
on Enrolled bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 227) authorizing the
Secretary of War to trarisfer certain property to
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer^;
whereupon the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 479) entitled "An act to
punish illegal voting in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes," in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
relief of poor in the district again.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw my
objection to the introduction of the resolution
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inger-
soll.]
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he modify his resolution by
inserting after the word "sums" the words
"and commodities," so as to read "in such
sums and commodities as to them shall seem
proper.''
Mr. McKEE. I object to the introduction
of the resolution in its present form.
whippings in nortii carolina.
Mr. FARQUHAR, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the select committee heretofore
authorized by this House to investigate the facts in
the case of certain murderers in South Carolina who
were discharged by writ of habeas corpus, be, and are
hereby, instructed further to investigate and report
the facts of alleged punishment by publicly whip-
ping citizens of theUnited States in North Carolina,
and particularly at Raleigh and vicinity, and the
burning alive of citizens in South Carolina while
confined or imprisoned in jail.
edward lusher.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Edward
Lusher; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
redemption of small coins.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of'Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that coins of the denomination of one,
of two, of three, and of five cents shall be redeema-
bleat the offices of the Treasurer and AssistantTreas-
urer of the United States when presented in sums of
not less than ten dollars.
relief of rOOR in the district again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I again ask unanimous
consent to submit a joint resolution for the
relief of the suffering poor of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will yield to me to move to in-
sert the name of the mayor of Georgetown.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is in the District of
Columbia and is already included. I move the
resolution now with the names of General
Howard and Mayor Wallach.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the joint resolution
be presented in that form there will be no
objection on this side of the House.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Can I move a suspen-
sion of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor to make such a motion, another sub-
ject, the regular order, being pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Can I not move to
postpone it?
. Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reference to the reconstruction bill, that if
postponed without being made a special order
it may not again come up this session.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 543, to provide for restoring
to the States lately in insurrection their ful,l
political rights, on which the gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] was entitled to the
Boor.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia yielded to me for a few moments. I pro-
pose to call for the vote on the pending bill
to-morrow at one o'clock p. m. I now give
that notice.
I will move, as there are several gentlemen
who wish to speak, that there be an evening
session. I trust we will take a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m., and that the
evening session be devoted to debate only. I
move that the recess begin at the close of the ■
hour of the gentleman from California. ,
There was no objection; and the motion
was agreed to.
By unanimous consent it was agreed that at
the close of the evening session Mr. Stevens
should be considered as holding the floor. .
llr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on Reconstruction, appointed early in the last
session of Congress, reported an amendment to
the Constitution of the' United States, which,
they recommended should be submitted 'for
ratification to the several States of the Union;
and accompanying that amendment they also
reported a bill to provide for restoring the States
lately in rebellion to their full political rights.
The preamble of that bill recites the constitu-
tional amendment to which I have referred,
and then proceeds to enact as follows:
"Now, therefore,
"Beit enacted by the Senate and House o/ Jieitrcscnt-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That whenever the above-recited amend-
ment shall have become part of the Constitution of
the United States, and any State lately in insurrec-
tion shall have ratified the same, and shall have mod-
ified its constitution and laws in conformity there-
with, the Senators and Representatives from such
State, if found duly elected and qualified, may, after
having taken therequired oaths of office, be admitted
into Congress as such.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
State lately in insurrection shall have ratified the
foregoing amendment to the Constitution, any part
of the direct tax under the act of August 5, 1861,
which may remain due and unpaid in sueh State may
be assumed and paid by such State: and the payment
thereof, upon proper assurances from such State, to
be given to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, may be postponed for a period not exceeding
ten years from and after the passage of this act."
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that that bill is
now before the House, that it has received no
action, and that the amendments which have
been proposed by the member from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] are in the nature of a sub-
stitute. I can readily account for the position
which was occupied by the distinguished mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] also a member
of the committee, and understand why he ad-
hered with tenacity to the ground taken by that
committee one year ago. I think I can see a rea-
son why the committee also should oppose the
amendment presented by the member from
Pennsylvania, The bill and amendment being
reported by the committee no doubt received
the" sanction of this committee, and having
received that sanction we have no reason for
supposing that as yet there is any change of
sentiment upon this question of reconstruction
in the committee of fifteen.
Mr. Speaker, the House does not stand com-
mitted to the position that was occupied by
that committee. And I will say here in ad-
vance that while as between the original bill
and the amendment I. would by all means
support the latter, yet I am prepared to sus-
tain a bill some other than the one recom-
mended by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
provided it has incorporated in it the main
principles that are contained in that. Rather
than have nothing I will support the bill that
he has presented with the amendments that
have been proposed to it. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr.'Spalding] has proposed an
amendment which has been accented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, which, in my
judgment, much improves the bill as it came
to us from his hands. It must be borne in
mind that the amendment to the Constitution
as proposed by that committee was much
changed in its features here in the House, and
