1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889-
some military officer shall certify upon his honor
that he knows the circumstances of the ease,
and that the detention ig wrongful. A court is
nOt to be allowed to hear that question until
military officer shall first decide that the deten-
tion is wrongful, and then he may permit the
court to issue the writ. But he must certify
further—
That he beli6ves that the indorsed petition is pre-
ferred in good faith, and in furtherance of justice,-and
not to hinder or delay the punishment of crimp.
The military officer, by giving that certi-
ficate, may permit the court to hear the case.
If the Chief Justice, when his circuit comes to
be assigned, should be called by the duties of
his office to Richmond, and there should arise
a case in which it would be proper for him to
issue the writ of habeas corpus, and a citizen
addresses him in a proper petition for the
writ, what a spectacle would it be for the
Chief Justice of the United States to say to
that petitioner in his court, "Go to the lieu-
tenant that holds his office across the street and
get his permission, and I will issue the writ; I
cannot without the permission.1' This lieu-
tenant may have never read a law book in his
life; he may know nothing about the rights of
parties; he may know nothing about the case;
and yet the Chief Justice of the United States
is not allowed to hear that case. So in all the
courts, the judges of the United States courts
are subordinated in, the jurisdiction conferred
upon them by the Constitution and the laws
to the opinion of a commissioned military
officer; and all that, sir, in the name of lib-
erty! Mr. President, I never knew so many
principles of the Constitution, of liberty, of
right, and of propriety violated in any one
bill in my life. It would seem to me that if a
man had been drawing a bill with a view to
strike the Constitution at every point possible,
he could not have succeeded more entirely
than in the draft of this bill.
Perhaps I did not do the bill justice in one
respect. There is one limitation upon the
powers of these military courts or of military
officers:
All persons put under military arrest by virtue
of this act shall be tried without unnecessary delay,
and no cruel or unusual punishment shall be in-
flicted.
"We know pretty well what that is, when it is
addressed in the Constitution to our own con-
sciences ; but what will a military officer think
is "cruel or unusual punishment?" There
was a man in military command at Paducah
for nearly a year, and he would have a man
arrested in the night time and shot at sunrise.
He considered that right. They say that when
he left that place it took all the military wag-
ons in Kentucky to carry away the booty.
Mr. GRIMES. Who was it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think his name was
General Paine. That is a specimen. There
was no war at Paducah at the time. The con-
federate forces were not perhaps within one
hundred miles of Paducah. Ho was governing
a part of the country that had been brought
under military rule. He was succeeded by an
Indianian who reflected credit upon the service
in the discharge of the dnties at that place. If
we could have as just men, as honest men, as
intelligent men as the general who succeeded
General Paine, I should not have so much fear
of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifthe Senator will allow
me, I should like to have his authority for the
statement he has made in regard to General
Paine. I know something in regard to that
case, and I think there is no sort of truth in
the allegation that the Senator makes against
General Paine, neither as a cruel nor as a dis-
honest man. I should like to knowthe author-
ity for the statement that he had men arrested
in the night and shot at sunrise, and that he
took away wagon loads of booty when he left
Kentucky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, there
was a very earnest effort made, two or three
years ago,"by the then Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Powell,] to get a copy of the record in
the "War Department, and the Senator from
Illinois opposed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The record of the
court of inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then if the Senator
did not oppose it I will withdraw that part of
my statement. Governor Powell, as a Sen-
ator, introduced a resolution calling for the
record in the War Department; and I under-
stand the record there shows what I have
stated. _ My recollection was that the Senator
from Illinois opposed the passage of that res-
olution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I opposed the passage
of a partial resolution, not for the whole
record, and if the Senator from Indiana does
not know, perhaps he had better make inquiry
and ascertain that General Paine had a trial
and was acquitted of all the accusations, and
the only thing upon which he was found guilty
was not in reference to any one of these
matters
Mr. HENDRICKS. He passed from Ken-
tucky up into Illinois, and this was an inquiry
made pursuant to an order from the War De-
partment, as I understand, and the officers
appointed to make that inquiry made their
report to the War Department. That report
was asked for by the resolution to which I
refer. Now does the Senator from Illinois
say that he opposed or did not oppose that
resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say I did not oppose
the whole renquiry, and that General Paine
demanded a courl-martial, and had it in refer-
ence to these charges, and was triumphantly
acquitted of all such accusations as the Senator
from Indiana makes here to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has the Senator ex-
amined that record himself?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; but I have
this upon information which I think is correct.
I have it from persons who knew all about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was very anxious
that the resolution offered at that time by Sen-
ator Powell should be adopted, and that we
should be able to see exactly what was the
fact; but it never was passed, and we did not
get that record as I recollect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. General Paine had a
trial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is to that record in
the War Department that I refer.
When interrupted by the Senator I had
commenced to say that I did not know that it
was worth while now to say a word in behalf
of the people of the South. I am not going
to apologize for their conduct. But, sir, they
have submitted to the military authority of the
Government most reluctantly upon their part.
Their arms have been laid down or taken from
them; they have in every way in which they
could do so addressed themselves to this Gov-
ernment for pardon and for restoration in all
their relations to the Government, and for
nearly two years they have been refused ; they
have agreed to the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery; they have modified their
own constitution so as to abolish slavery; they
have repudiated the southern debt contracted
during the war; they have done all that they
understood was required of them, except to
adopt the last constitutional amendment; they
have not adopted that, and I do not, know that
they ever will. Upon that subject I have no
opinion to give. Some Senators on the other
side know very well that there was a provision
introduced into that constitutional amendment
that made it almost impossible for the people
of the South to adopt it. I speak of that pro-
vision which especially degraded the military
officers of the South and cut them off from all
positions in the Federal and State govern-
ments. Whether they ought or ought not to
have adopted that constitutional amendment—
whether it was a matter of expediency or of
right, I do not choose now to discuss ; but they
have so far declined to adopt it; and what is to
be their condition? The war is over. What
are their relations to this Government? They
are required to obey the law; they are re-
quired to pay their taxes. These they do as
cheerfully as possible as far as their means go.
They are now making no great demands for
representation in Congress. They know that
for the present that is hopeless. 1 have heard
no certificates of election read at the Secre-
tary's desk at this session from the southern
States. I suppose for the present they have
ceased to ask for representation.
But, Mr. President, the condition of those
States demands some action upon the part of
Congress—not, in my judgment, to subject them
to a form of government unknown to our Con-
stitution and institutions, but some policy that
will bring them back again in all their proper
relations to the Federal Government. Sir,
there is no office so high that it would be a
compensation to me for an effort on my part
to inflame the passions of the people of one
section now against the pesple of another sec-
tion. I could not be induced to do it. I believe
that this Government must eventually rest, if
it is to be permanent, upon the love of the
people. It is the highest duty of the citizen
and of the statesman now, by every effort pos-
sible, to restore harmony and peaceful rela-
tions. I believe that this Government would
be completely restored in every respect to-day
if the proper course had been pursued a year
or a year and a half ago. I had no anxiety
for the abrogation or repeal of the test oath.
That required the southern States to be repre-
sented by loyal men, as they are called. Let
that be if Senators desire it; but let them be
represented. Let the wheels of this Govern-
ment move on according to the Constitution. -
If Senators expect to restore this Government
by establishing over nearly one third of the
States a form of government unknown to our
people, they are mistaken, in my judgment.
Why, Mr. President, as I read this bill and
contemplate its wonderful provisions, it is
almost impossible for me to believe that Sen-
ators by this policy desire restoration; it ia
almost impossible for me to believe that they
desire harmony. Such a system of government
as this finds its parallel perhaps in Poland; to
some extent it may find a parallel in Hungary;
but, sir, it never found its parallel in the history
of Rome. When Rome extended her con-
quests she extended Roman laws. The proud-
est day of the life of Cicero was when he
attacked the governor of a Roman province
for the cruelties that he perpetrated upon the
people.
In my judgment no statesman of this day
and of our country can win undying laurels by
exciting this strife and keeping it up and keep-
ing our country apart; but, sir, that statesrn'an
will become immortal in the history of this
country who can restore these people to their
former relations. Every inducement is in favor
of it. Our trade, our commerce, our prosper-
ity invite us to such a policy. There is no
reason against it. We have no conflicting in-
terests in this country; at least we should have
none. New England has her peculiar inter-
ests ; but they do not conflict with the interests
of the West if we have wise legislation. The
West has her grain-growing interest. The
South has her producing interest. The pros-
perity of each is the prosperity of all. I want
this Union fully restored, that trade mayreturn
to our people and prosperity to every section.
Mr. President, I may be wrong about this.
It may be that the safest way to establish
liberty is first to establish despotism. They
have an easy way in Poland. When any per-
son conducts himself so as not to satisfy the
military commander, that night he is on the
road with his family to Siberia. That is short
work. It is a very efficient government. _ It
settles questions without any trouble and quick-
ly, without unnecessary delay, to use the lan-
guage of this bill. So in Turkey, when they
want a man out of the way they throw him
into the sea. So in China, when a man is
supposed to be dangerous tbey flay him. These
are examples that we can follow. But, I say
