1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
3',Vni fo\-<?....2r  8r
Report of tho fipcrctnri/ of War,
.Senate & Ho. op Keps.
adopted respect ins; the Academy, raising the ;
standard of qualiiications !'or admission, and |
rcquiri'-1- that nppoint'nents be hereafter made i
one vear in advance of the date of admission. 1
The inspector, from personal observation, re-
port* the authorities of the institution as most
arduous in their eiibrts to advance the inter-
est? of the Academy and its cadets. Its admin-
istration is characterized by economy, and
habits of frugality are inculcated. Excellent
discipline is maintained and judiciously en-
forced. The estimated appropriation for the
Military Academy is S243,t<fi7.
In the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands the Commissioner reports
that there is no material change of organiza-
tion. but business 19 facilitated and vexed
questions settled by the law of 1800. The
jurisdiction of assistant commissioners coin-
cides generally T\ith department and district
commands, but is distinct in Maryland and the
District of Columbia. , Under the new law
Maryland and Kentucky are embraced, and
these States seem to require aid from the bu-
reau in promoting the interests of justice and
education. In the northern cities employment
offices, of little expense to the Government,
and not a source of revenue, have been estab-
lished with a view to obtain work and homes
for dependent freed people and to relievo
crowded localities. The importance of self-
support has been urged by proper means upon 1
the laboring classes. Wages have been de-
termined, not by orders of bureau officers, but
by circumstances ordinarily affecting the price
of labor in different localities. The education
of freedmen and refugees has been carried on
vigorously, under the immediate patronage of !
benevolent societies. A superintendent of ed-
ucation, devoting his whole time to his work,
is stationed at the bureau headquarters in each
State, and all bureau officers cooperate with
him. It is estimated that one hundred and
fifty thousand freedmen and their children are
now attending school in the southern States.
Schools for refugee white children are also
established. Their formation is everywhere
encouraged by the bureau.
There has been but little uniformity of ac-
tion in different States in respect to the admin-
istration of justice. Assistant commissioners
have been instructed to transfer military juris-
diction as rapidly as possible to State judicial
tribunals. This has been done completely in
some States, while in Virginia, Louisiana, and
Texas, bureau courts are still in existence. A
claim division instituted in March last, and
aided by officers and agents throughout the
States, has sought to prevent frauds upon col-
ored soldiers in their efforts to collect unpaid
claims. One hundred and ninety-five claims
were paid through the office of the Commis-
sioner ; 72:5 rejected at his office ; 1,532 are in
process of adjustment. The aggregate amount
collected and paid is $10,53!) 00. Detailed
reports are given of the operations of the bu-
reau in each State and the District of Colum-
bia. Transportation is reported as furnished
to0,352 destitute freed people and 387 refugees.
Thirteen million four hundred and twelve thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-three rations
were issued between June 1, 1805, and Sep-
tember 1, 1860. The average number per
®onth to refugees and freedmen was 894,509 ;
the average number per day 29,819. The is-
sue to whites increased until June 30, 1860,
when issues to freedmen and refugees were
about equal. From June 30,18G0, to Septem-
ber 1, the number supported of both classes
has diminished. Rigid scrutiny has been ex-
ercised to prevent issues to any but the abso-
lutely destitute, and parts of the ration not
actually needed were cut off. Officers were
directed to hold each plantation, county, par-
'sh, and town responsible for the care ot its
J"1 poor, but to very little purpose, for with
lew exceptions the State authorities have failed
10 contribute to the relief of the class of per-
sons supported by the Government. Owing
to the failure of crops the requirements of Cir- ]
eular 10, of August 22, could not he rigidly
enforced. Upon the application of State offi-
cial". special issues are being made to certain
States for the support of their pauper popula-
tion. Rations are sold to teachers and agents
ofbenevolent societies under the same rule? that
apply to such purchases made by commissioned
officers. Bureau hospitals receive the usual
freedmen's ration. The amount of land now
in possession of the bureau is 272,231 acres,
to be increased by 228 tracts in Tennessee, of
which the number of acres has not been re-
ported. The aggregate number of parcels of
town property, not included in the above,
which have been in possession of the bureau
is 3.724, of which 2,005 have been restored,
leaving a balance of 1,119 parcels of town
property.
The balance on hand of the freedmen
fund is  $282,383 52
The balance of district destitute lund  _ is,338 67
The balanco of appropriation  6,Soii,25y 30
$7,150,031 49
Tho estimated amount due subsistence
department is $297,000 00
Tho transportation reported
unpaid  20,015 94
The transportation estimated
due     20,000 00
Estimated amount due medi-
cal department  100,000 00
Estimated amount due quar-
termaster department  200,000 00
  643,013 91
Total balance for all purposes of ex-
penditure $6,513,965 55
The Commissioner estimates the additional
funds necessary for the next fiscal year as fol-
lows:
Salaries of assistant commissioners, sub-assistants,
and agents  $147,500 00
Salaries of clerks  82,800 00
Stationery and printing  63,01X1 00
Quarters and fuel  200,000 00
Subsistence stores  1,500.000 00
Medical department  500.000 00
Transportation  800,000 00
School superintendents  25,000 00
Buildings for schools and asylums, (in-
cluding construction, rental, and re-
pairs).    500,000 00
Telegraphing and postage  18,000 00
Total  $3,836,300 00
In compliance with recent enactments of
Congress, commissioners to assess the value of
slaves enlisted into the United States Army
during the war have been appointed for Mis-
souri, Maryland, Kentucky, and Tennessee,
but their reports have not yet been received.
In conclusion, it gives me pleasure to again
express my obligations to the chiefs of bureaus
and their subordinates, who, in reducing the
War Department to a peace establishment,
have evinced the same diligence, ability, and
fidelity to the interests of the Government that
distinguished them during the labors, anxiety,
and vicissitudes of the war, and contributed so
much to its successful termination.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Report of General D. s. Grant, Command-
ing Army.
Headquarters Armies of the United States,
Washington, November 21, 1800.
Sin: Since my report for 1805, the volun-
teer force then in service has been almost
entirely replaced by the regular Army, mostly
organized under the act of Congress, approved
28th July, 1800. The report of the Adjutant
General of the Army gives exact statistics on
this subject. .
Passing from civil war of the magnitude ot
that in which the United States has been en-
gaged to government through the conrts, it has
been deemed necessary to keep a military force
in all the lately rebellious States to insure the
execution of law, and to protect life and prop-
erty against tho acts of those who, as yet, will
acknowledge no law but force. This class has
proven to be much smaller than could have
been expected after such a conflict. It has,
however, been sufficiently formidable to justify
tho course which has been pursued. On the
whole, the condition of tho States that were in
rebellion against the Government may be re-
garded as good enough to warrant the hope
that but a short time will intervene before the
bulk of the troops now occupying them can be
sent to our growing Territories, where they are
so much needed^-
I respectfully refer you to tho reports of
Generals Sherman, Ilalleck, Meade, Sheridan,
Thomas, Sickles, McDowell, Pope, and Steele,
herewith, for full information of the condition
of the States and Territories under their com-
mand. The last of these reports is but this
moment received. The time has passed when
they should be in tho hands of the Printer to
prepare them for presentation to Congress on
its assembling. To make a full report I would
have to get my facts from these reports. Time
not permitting, I beg to refer to tlieni in lieu
of their condensation by me.
With the expiration of the rebellion, Indian
hostilities have diminished. With a frontier
constantly extending and encroaching upon the
hunting-grounds of the Indian, hostilities, oppo-
sition at least, frequently occur. To meet this,
and to protect the emigrant on his way to the
mountain Territories, troops have been distrib-
uted to give the best protection with tho means
at hand" Few places are occupied by more
than two, and many by but a single company.
These troops are generally badly sheltered, and
are supplied at great cost. During the past
summer inspections were made by Generals
Sherman, Pope, Ingalls, Saclcett, and Babeock,
to determine the proper places to occupy to
give the best protection to travel and settle-
ments, and to determine the most economical
method of furnishing supplies. The labor of
putting up temporary quarters is performed by
tho troops intending to occupy them. In the
course of the next season more permanent build-
ings will have to be erected, however, which
will entail an expense for material at least. I
would respectfully suggest, therefore, that an
appropriation for this special purpose be asked.
The permanent peace establishment being
much larger than has been heretofore provided
for, an appropriation for building barracks,
storehouses, &c., to meet present vtants, seems
to be required. The reports of the heads of
the staffdepartments of the Army, particularly
that of the Quartermaster General, may cover
this point.
I would respectfully suggest for the consid-
eration jof Congress tho propriety of transfer-
ring the Indian Bureau from the Interior to the
War Department, and the abolition of Indian
agencies, with the 'exception of a limited num-
ber of inspectors. The reason for this change
seems to me both obvious and satisfactory. It
would result in greater economy of expendi-
ture and, as I think, diminution of eontlict
between the Indian and white races.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
vour obedient servant,
J U. S. GRANT, General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton-, Secretary of War.
Schedule of Reports of Military Operations
Accompanyimjilic Report of General Grant,
for 1800.
Report of Lieutenant General W. T. Sher-
man, commanding military division of^ the
Missouri, dated November 5, lfiiiO, of the
operations of tho troops under his command
during the past year, and forwarding report
of Major General John Pope.
Report of Major General H. W. Ilalleck,
commanding military division of the Pacific,
transmitting the reports of Major General I.
