20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
Sex ate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
McDowell, commanding department of Cali-
fornia, dated October 18, 1866, and Major
General F. Steele, commanding department
of the Columbia, dated October, 1866, of the
military operations in their respective depart-
ments during the past year.
Report of Major General George G. Meade,
commanding department of the East, dated
October 12, 1866, of military operations in
his command during the present year.
Report of Major General P. H. Sheridan,
commanding department of the Gulf, dated
November 14, 1866, of operations since May
29, 1865.
Reports of Brevet Maj or General T. J. Wood,
commanding district of Mississippi, and Brevet
Major General Jefferson C. Davis, command-
ing district of Kentucky, of the military opera-
tions in their respective commands, forwarded
by Major General George H. Thomas, com-
manding department of the Tennessee.
Report of Major General D. B. Sickles, com-'
mading department of the South, of date Oc-
tober 30,1866, of military operations and gen-
eral condition of affairs during the present
year.
Report of Lieutenant General W. T. Sherman.
Headquarters
Military Division of the Missouri,
St. Louis, Missouri,
November 5, 1866.
General : On my return from a two months'
tour on the plains, I had the honor to receive
the letter from your headquarters of October
8, 1866, calling for a report of the operations
of the troops of my command during the past
year. Having in the mean time been called to
Washington, and now again beingunder orders
that will compel my departure to-morrow, I
am forced to slight the task.
Upon the close of the great war of the re-
bellion, June 27, 1865, the whole territory of
the United States was divided into five great
military divisions, of which that styled the mil-
itary division of the Mississippi fell to my share.
It was composed of the department of the
Ohio, Major General Ord commanding; the
department of the Missouri, Major General
Pope commanding, and the department of
Ark ansas, Major General J. J. Reynolds com-
manding. The first business that demanded
our attention was the disbandment of the vast
armies that had been formed in the war, and
the reduction of the depots of accumulated
stores. This progressed with great rapidity
under the orders of the War Department; but,
still, on the Slst of October, 1865, there re-
mained in service 1,487 commissioned officers,
and 25,487 enlisted men. They were composed
of a small proportion of the old Army, and of
volunteers who had been enlisted for the war
and who_claimed their discharge; but they
were stationed in remote districts where they
could not be replaced during the winter season,
and we had no regular troops available for the
purpose. Still the reduction of all irregular
troops was pushed as fast as the season would
permit, even at the risk of public property; so
that by the 31st of October, 1866, the aggre-
gate troops in the military division was re-
ported 578 commissioned officers and 13,953
enlisted men.
By general orders of the War Department of
August 6, 1866, an entire change in the terri-
torial commands was made. This military
division became that of the Missouri. The
department of the Ohio was taken out entirely,
and the territory lying west of the Mississippi
and east of the Rocky mountains was divided
into four departments, namely: department of
Dakota, Major General Terry commanding;
department of the Platte, Major General Cooke
commanding; department of the Missouri, Ma-
jor General Hancock commanding, and depart-
ment of the Arkansas, Major General Ord
commanding. This remains the case at this
time, and as all irregular troops have been dis-
charged, I have distributed the regular troops
as follows:
Department of Dakota: thetenth, thirteenth,
twenty-second, and thirty-first regiments of in-
fantry, and two hundred Indian scouts.
Department of the Platte: battery C, third
artillery, second regiment cavalry, the eight-
eenth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-sixth regi-
ments of infantry, and two hundred Indian
scouts.
Department of the Missouri; battery B,
fourth artillery, third and seventh regiments
of cavalry, eight companies tenth cavalry, (col-
ored,) the third, fifth, thirty-seventh, thirty-
eighth (colored) regiments of infantry, and one
hundred and fifty Indian scouts.
Department of the Arkansas: battery B, fifth
artillery, four companies tenth cavalry, (col-
ored,) nineteenth and twenty-eighth regiments
of infantry, and fifty Indian scouts.
This distribution of troops was made rather
with a view to the future than to the immediate
condition of affairs, and when these regiments
are fully organized, armed, and instructed, I
think they will secure the general peace and
security of the country, and of the national
interests intrusted to my keeping. The act of
Congress providing the new military peace
establishment passed at so late a date that we
could hardly expect the new troops to be ready
this year; but as much progress has been made
in the enlistment and organization of the new
regiments as could have been expected.
In order to an understanding of the great
military problem to be solved, I must state in
general terms that this military division em-
braces the vast region from the Mississippi
river to the Rocky mountains, of an average
breadth (east and west) of one thousand three
hundred and fifty miles, and length (north and
south) of over one thousand miles, namely,
from the south border of New Mexico to the
British line. On the east are the fertile and
rapidly improving States of Minnesota, Iowa,
Missouri, and Arkansas. Immediately on the
west are the Territories and States of Dakota,
Nebraska, Kansas, and the Indian Territory.
The land on this eastern border is fertile and
well adapted to settlement; but their western
parts are a vast prairie, with good grasses, but
generally devoid of trees or minerals, are sub-
ject to droughts, and are not inviting to set-
tlers. Next in order are themountainous Terri-
tories of Montana, Utah, Colorado, and New
Mexico, composed of high plateaus and mount-
ains, containing minerals of every kind, with
forests of timber and numerous valleys suscep-
tible of high cultivation, either by means of the
ordinary rains, or the more certain system of
irrigation that has been begun within a compara-
tively recent period, and nas been pushed with
an energy ana success that promises the best
results. These new and mountain Territories
present a most interesting feature in our future
development as a nation, and are, in my judg-
ment, wc*thy the liberal and fostering care of
the General Government. Between these mount-
ain Territories and those of the river border
lie the great plains of America, which have
been well mapped and described by the hun-
dreds of explorers that have traversed them
from the time of the expeditions of Pike, and
Lewis and Clark, as early as 1803, until the
present moment. These plains can never be
cultivated like Illinois, never be filled with in-
habitants capable of self-government and self-
defense as against Indians and marauders, but
at best can become a vast pasture-field, open
and free to all for the rearing of herds of horses,
mules, cattle, and sheep. rlhe mountain Terri-
tories seem to be more rapidly improving and
assuming a condition of self-protection and
defense, because the people can acquire fixed
habitations, and their property is generally
grouped in valleys of some extent, or in locali-
ties of mines capable of sustaining a people
strong enough to guard themselves against the
predatory bands of nomadic Indians. Still
they occupy at this time an isolated position,
presenting a thinly-settled frontier in every
direction, with a restless people branching Out
in search of a better place, or of better mines.
To defend them perfectly is an utter impossi-
bility, and all we can do is to aid the people in
self-defense, until in time they can take care of
themselves, and to make the roads by which
they travel or bring their stores from the older
parts of our country as safe as the case ad-
mits of.
This brings me to the consideration of the
question of the Indians, who, in nomadic and
predatory bands, infest the whole country de-
scribed,-sometimes in one place and then in
another. These Indians are universally, by the
people of our frontier and of our isolated Ter-
ritories, regarded as hostile, and we, the mili-
tary, charged with a general protection of the
infant settlements and long routes of travel,
have to dispose our troops and act as though
they were hostile; while by the laws of Con-
gress, and the acts of our executive authorities,
these Indians are construed as under the guard-
ianship and protection of the General Gov-
ernment, through civilian agents. This whole
subject has heretofore'been so ably reported on
by General Pope and others, well qualified to
judge, that I will not here renew the discussion,
but merely state as the result of my own judg-
ment that the entire managementof the Indians
should be controlled by the military authori-
ties, and that the commanding officers of the
troops should have, not only the surveillance of
these Indians, but should supervise and control
the disbursement of moneys and distribution
of presents to the tribes under past and future
treaties. Indians do not read, and only know
of our power and strength by what they see,
and they always look to the man who com-
mands soldiers as the representative of our Gov-
ernment. The complaints of short payment
by the agents are universal, and the Indians
themselves would be more likely to receive the
ample annuities appropriated by Congress if
the agents were required to make the semi-
annual payments subject to the inspection and
control of the military commanders, who, as a
rule, are not so liable to be corrupted by the
chances of gain and peculation as temporary
appointees.
The Indians who have heretofore been lo-
cated on reservations, such as the Wyandotts,
Shawnees, Pottawatomies, Pawnees, Chero-
kees, Choctaws, Creeks, &c., have given little
or no trouble the last year, and do not come
within our supervision more than our own peo-
ple. But the wandering Sioux, who rove from
Minnesota to Montana, and down as far as the
Arkansas, have done acts of predatory hostil-
ity almost impossible to foresee or to prevent.
In like manner the Arapahoesand Cheyennes,
Kiowas, Comanches and Apaches, Navajoes
and Utes, though supposed to be restricted to
reservations, will not settle down, but they roam
according to their habits, over the vast plains,
and they too have done acts of hostility, though
the old men and chiefs of the tribes deny the
acts altogether, or charge them on their young
men, who, when absent on the hunt, are beyond
their control.
I propose the coming year, (with your con-
sent, and with that of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in whose control these Indians are sup-
posed to be,) to restrict the Sioux north of the
Platte, west of the Missouri river, and east of
the new road to Montana which starts from Lar-
amie for Virginia City by way of Forts Reno,
Philip Kearney, C. F. Smith, &c. All Sioux
founa outside of these limits without a written
pass from some military commander, defining
clearly their object, should be dealt with sum-
marily. In like manner I would restrict the
Arapahoes, Cheyennes, Comanches, Kiowas,
Apaches, and Navajoes south of the Arkansas
and east of Fort Union. This would leave for
our people exclusively the use of the wide belt,
