22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
the establishment of a post of two cavalry
companies and one infantry company oil or
near the Upper Huerfano, where it issues from
the mountains. This post will be near to the
several passes through which the Utes descend
to the plains, and about midway between Col-
orado City and Trinidad. I think it will be
sufficient to control the outlets from the mount-
ains, and cover as far as it is practicable to do
so this extensive range of unprotected settle-
ments. In addition to this post, I shall in-
struct the commanding officer at Fort Lyon to
patrol the valley of the Purgatory and Upper
Arkansas, as high up as Pueblo, by a company
of cavalry, at least once every month. These
arrangements will probably prevent any exten-
sive outbreak and general massacre, but are
of course powerless to remedy the causes which
are surely bringing about open hostilities with
the Utes. I have extended the limits of the
district of New Mexico to embrace that por-
tion of Colorado • south of Colorado City for
convenience, and because the troops used on
the Ute frontier come from this district, and
are in more easy communication with Fort
Union than with Laramie.
In like manner the settlements in southern
Colorado, along the Ilio Grande, west of the
"Sange de Christo" mountains, (the San Luis
valley,) and the settlements west of the ltio
Grande between that river and the San Juan,
are open to the depredations of the Utes, who
have already done the same acts so loudly
complained of east of the mountains.
Fort Garland, on the Bio Grande, at the head
of the San Luis valley, is well placed to cover
all the settlements along the Rio Grande toward
the south. It is about eighty miles west of the
new post to be established on the Upper Huer-
fano, and will contain a garrison of four com-
panies. One hundred miles southeast of Gar-
land, and near to or on the San Juan river, I
have also directed a post to be established of
four companies to protect the settlements in its
rear and on the San Juan.
These throe posts constitute a chain of posts
along the southern and eastern frontier of the
Ute country, and they will, I think, render a
general Indian outbreak difficult.
Between the Utes in the north and the Apa-
ches along the extreme southern frontier of
New Mexico, there was but one tribe of Indians
west of the ltio Grande, (the Navajoes.) These
Indians, after an active campaign against them,
were collceted together by General Carleton
and placed upon a reservation on the extreme
eastern frontier of the Territory, where, con-
trolled by the presence of a considerable mili-
tary force, and subsisted by the Government,
they are still held as prisoners of war.
Large fields have been opened, and the In-
dians are learning to work in them aiul at other
occupations, so that it is hoped that in a year
or two, if permitted to remain, they may be
able to contribute largely to their own support.
The retention of this reservation where it is,
and under present conditions, I do notconsider
judicious even if it were practicable.
It is unnecessary to say that the past history
of our relations with the Indians has made it
clear that in the settlement of new Territories,
the time must arrive when the Indians are so
pressed upon by the whites at so many points,
and under such circumstances, that the secu-
rily neither of whites nor Indians is longer com-
patible with the wild life and wandering habits
ot the Indians. This unavoidable condition
of things renders it necessary to restrict the In-
dian to certain limits, and to buy for the occupa-
tion of the white settlers the districts ol' country
thus vacated b}' him. This necessity has given
rise to the '"reservation system," to which in the
future, as in the past, all the Indians on the
continent must be gradually subjected. The
necessity and good policy of the reservation
system are, 1 believe, generally, if not indeed
unanimously admitted; but the location of
these reservations and the conditions under
which the Indians are to be placed upon them
have given rise to differences of opinion which
have greatly obstructed any satisfactory con-
clusion. In the earlier history of the country,
the policy of locating these reservations in the
country inhabited by the tribe of Indians con-
cerned was adopted for the Indians of the
northwestern States, including Ohio.
Without going into particulars of history
too well known, it may be stated as the result
of this policy of locating reservations, that
after a long period of bloodshed and horror,
during which the Indians were gradually driven
from one reservation to another, the great
tribes of Indians formerly occupying the re-
gion north of the Ohio and east of the Missis-
sippi have been nearly exterminated, and the
scattered and feeble remnants are now found
distributed along the extreme western frontier
of Kansas and Nebraska.
Of all the powerful and populous tribes which
once inhabited the Northwest, but a few hun-
dreds of hopeless and helpless stragglers re-
main. Of the history of the white settlers, the
pioneers of emigration in the great States of
the Northwest, it is unnecessary to speak.
Such a record of nameless horrors, of gross
inhumanity to whites and Indians, and of lav-
ish and wasteful expenditure of public money,
cannot at this day be read without astonishment
and indignation. Such a process of extermina-
tion of both Indians and white men has never
before been permitted to go on under the eyes
of a Christian,people, and it will long remain
a reproach to this Government. Feeble, worn
out, and dispirited as we find them to-day,
these wretched remnants of the powerful tribes
once famous in'our history cannot yet be left
in peace. Some of them have already been
removed to the Indian country west of Arkan-
sas, and the remainder will soon follow, and it
is hoped that they may there be permitted to
die in peace, and their names and tribe be for-
gotten. .Very different was the history of the
southern tribes and of the pioneers of Ten-
nessee, Georgia, and other southern States.
Warned, apparently, by the deplorable results
of the policy pursued north of the Ohio river,
the Government, in dealing with the southern
tribes, so far modified the system of reservation
as greatly to obviaite most of the evil results
which had marked its operation south of the
Ohio.
An extensive district of country west of the
Mississippi was selected as specially Indian
territory, and the southern tribes—after some
fruitless efforts to control them in their own
couutry—were at once removed to it without
undergoing the intermediate stages which had
marked in blood the course of the northern
tribes. Compare the condition of the two
branches of the same race, now first brought
together in this common territory. The south-
ern tribes are still numerous and powerful, and,
as far as i ndians can be, they arc prosperous
and progressive.
It is needless to repeat what I have said of
the condition of the wretched fragments of the
great northern tribes. Contrast, too, tho his-
tory ol the white settlers of the States north
and south of the Ohio. In these differences
will be found the different results of a policy
ot Indian reservations located in a country
claimed by the Indians, from which they must
again and again be removed before the advance
ot white emigration, and a policy which at once
separates the races and removes the Indian to
a region selected for his sole occupation, and
so remote from his original country that return
is hopeless.
The foregoing remarks are simply introduc-
tory to a brief statement of the policy which I
have so often urged upon the Government for
the past three years, in letters to the Secretary
of War, General Grant, and yourself.
As I have before said, the time inevitably
comes in the history of the settlement of new
Territories when it is necessary for the security
of both whites and Indians that the Indians
should be placed upon a reservation. That
time has arrived in the case of several tribes
of Indians within the limits of this department.
It is understood to be the purpose of the Indian
department to collcct these tribes, and place
tlien^upon reservations in their own country.
This process is merely a continuation of the
policy which was pursued toward the Indians
north of the Ohio, to which I have briefly re-
ferred, and must of necessity be attended with
likeresults. It hasbeen tried in Texas in quite
recent times; it is being tried in New Mexico
to-day under tho most favorable conditions.
In both cases it has worked precisely as our
history might and should have taught us. Per-
haps it will be well to detail brieiiy the course
and results of this system.
An Indian tribe is collected together aud
placed upon a limited reservation in some part
of the same territory ; once there the Indian
is partly subsisted by the Government, and
partly subsists himself by hunting.
The Indian is thus left in his own country,
every foot of which is familiar to him j he retains
his arms and horses; he must of necessity be
permitted to indulge to some extent in his wild
life and wandering habits; he has nearly unre-
stricted access to the settlements upon which
his depredations have been committed, and is
nearly or quite free to maintain his intercourse
with the wild tribes and to be subjected to all
the influences of savage life. It is in human
nature, too, that the Indian agent or the mili-
tary commander placed in charge of a reserva-
tion of this kind should feel a pride in his
administration, and in the good conduct of the
Indians, and that he should be very unwilling
to admit that depredations or outrages were
committedby them. These reservations, there-
fore, soon become places of refuge for the
Indian after he has murdered or robbed the
white settlers. .The advance of the white emi-
gration presses more and more closely around
the Indian reservations, and narrows the range
of hunting-grounds of the Indian more and
more, until each day makes it more difficult for
him to supply himself with those articles of
food which the Government does not give him.
The herds and flocks of the settlers, and their
property of every kind which the Indian covets,
are daily brought more nearly within his reach,
and temptingly displayed under his very eyes.
The land upon "whiph his reservation is located
daily becomes more valuable by the growth of
settlements around it, and is therefore daily
more coveted by the whites, who, in the exposed
settlements and loose state of society on the
frontier, are prompt to redress any petty theft
or wrong-doing by a bullet. The relentless
hate occasioned by the remembranceof violence
and outrage committed by these very Indians,
makes it impossible for the whites to under-
stand that "the Indian has any rights lie is
bound to respect." Cut one result can follow
from such relations between whites and Indians:
day by day the difficulties and broils increase ;
all ciime committed in the whole country around
is charged by the whites upon tho Indians on
these reservations, until, after outrages and
murders 011 both sides, and great suli'eving both
to whites and Indians, it is tinaily found abso-
lutely necessary to remove the I iidian to another
reservation more remote, where, in time, the
same causes producc the same results, until the
Indian tribe is totally exterminated after .some-
thing like the extermination of the early settlers.
It would be difficult to devise a system which
could work more wrong and inhumanity to
both races. Our past history is conclusive 011
this subject. The necessity of placing Indians
upon reservations as soon as their relations to
white emigration endanger peace, is freely
admitted. *1 he question is. "Where shall such
reservations be located, and under w hat condi-
tions shall the Indians be placed upon then:'/"'
A correct answer to this question will go far to
solve the Indian problem. There are several
