1861
WE>CONGRESSIONAL tJLCXBS.
country will not be satisfied. As they examine
them'they will see provision niadfe for the'faili-
tary support of the new St&te 'organizations
contemplated. Tlioy will see that by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] in all these ten States martial law is to
be declared, and we are to 'go, if not into
actual war again: with the Southj at least to
put the South under martial rule; that the writ
of habeas corpus is to be suspended, that writ
so preei.ons to us all as citizens: They will see
that this is-not likely in the irature of things
to bring- arbout an early reorganization of the
South.- The commercial, the manufacturing,
and the agricultural interests of this country,
as they look at this matter, will see in it a con-
tinuance of taxation necessary to support this
military array sent to these ten States. .
Then, in conneetion with this, they will see
the attempt which is now being made in this
House to impeach the President. I speak of
the impeachment, not because I would not be
as ready as any man in the House to impeach
the President if there can be specific charges
brought against him which will enable the Sen-
ate of the U nited States to find a true bill against
hi®. But looking at it in view of the present
position of the party to which I belong, I think
it a most unfortunate move. I hold that the
President of the United States has been im-
peached by the country; that he stands im-
peached to-day ; and that this effort will simply
tend to galvanize him again into life, to give
him an amount of sympathy which he never
would get otherwise. I think it a most unfor-
tunate move in a party point of view; but of
vastly more importance in its relations to the
great interests of the country, which are being
paralyzed iu view of this unprecedented move-
ment.
Sir, if this bill should pass, and if we go on
with the impeachment movement and carry it
to the Senate, yeu will find that all the great
interests of this country will measurably stand
still, waiting the result of these movements.
The manufacturing, commercial, and agricul-
tural interests of the country are now looking
to this House for that support which ma-y be
given by an increased tariff", but they will look
in vain for a resusitation of business and a
return to a healthy state of things so long as
the public mind shall be agitated by this unex-
pected and unusual measure brought forward
in this House. There are gentlemen from all
parts of tire country who are making their way
to our great commercial centers, to obtain the
means for carrying on the enterprises so neces-
sary to the development of our country; But
when they go to the capitalists asking means
or offering for sale their railroad bonds, when
they present propositions for their varied enter-
prises, they will find that the men who control
the money are waiting to see what shall be the
result upon the interests of the country of the
measures about to be acted upon in this House.
Mr. Speaker, the fact is there will be a general
hesitation. The man who has been contem-
plating the building of a ship will stand still
and await the development of these measures.
The merchant, about to send his vessel on a
long eastern voyage, will hesitate before he
loads his ship and sends her away on a twelve
months' voyage.
Sir, I received to-day, from one of our mer-
chants, a letter stating that on Friday last he
met with some gentlemen who are directors of
a benevolent institution of which he is the
treasurer, those gentlemen being among the
wealthiest and most loyal men of our country;
apd at that meeting they decided that $150,000,
placed in his hands for investment, and which
they had at a previous meeting resolved to
invest in United States securities, should be
deposited in the Life and Trust Company, to
await the action of this House on these import-
ant measures now pending.
Sir, you will find that the man whe* has been
waiting the decline of materials to build will
wait still longer. The result will be a partial
paralysis of the great interests of the whole
<8untry, land especially if this bill shall pass,
and if the othei* measure to which I have
referred '-Shall- b6 -pressed to a decision.
Mr. Speaker, we have -been living for' six
long years between hope and fear. I assure you,
sir, that standing here to-day, looking at these
measures, fraught, as I believe, with so much
danger to the best interests of the country, I
feel very much as I did when I stood in the
peace conference before the war and saw the
dark clouds that were gathering over our coun-
try. I feel that we are now in great peril, and
ought not to look simply to the immediate
enfranchisement of the negro race, overlooking
all the other great interests of the country
which are dependent upon the legislation we
may adopt. No man on this floor is more
strongly- in favor than I am of protecting the
best interests of the colored man. I voted
with all my heart for their enfranchisement in
this District; and I would go as far as any
other man to elevate and advance the colored
race, downtrodden as they have been so long.
But pass this bill, and I cannot see that it will
be productive of aught else than injury to the
colored race. We need to-day measures which
shall elevate their condition, which shall ren-
der them most valuable as citizens. We want
to place them in such a position that their labor
will be sought after as a matter of interest, mid
that they may receive from the people with
whom they have so long associated that treat-
ment to which they are entitled. But the very
fact that the white population of the South by
this bill are to be almost universally degraded
while the colored men are elevated above them
is not, in my opinion, calculated at all to pro-
mote the best interests of either.
I do hope, Mr. Speaker, that neither the bill
of. the gentleman from Pennsylvania nor the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio will
pass. I trust that some other plan will be
devised by which the loyal men in the South
and the freedmeti shall be protected in their
civil rights. I hope that we shall not attempt
to reorganize the southern States by assuming
they are nothing but Territories and their
inhabitants aliens.
Mr. Speaker, I trust these bills will bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
with the hope that they may be able to pre-
sent to the House some constitutional plan by
which the loyal men of the South, white and
black, may be protected in all their rights of
person and property, and which may put an
effectual stop to the injustice, persecution, and
murders which are now going on in all parts
of the South apparently without restraint from
the general or local governments.
Mr. HISE next addressed the House upon
the same subject. [His remarks will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. PERHAM moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and accordingly
(at ten o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
therule.and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Daniel P. Mon-
roe, and32others, citisensof Dawson county, Georgia,
askingthat in the work of reconstruction the elective
franchise in the rebel States shall be placed in the
hands of loyal people only. _
Also, the petition of the Michigan City Harbor
Company, askingthat the appropriation made in the
harbor and riverappropriationbill of the last session
to aid them in the construction of Works and the im-
provement of the harbor at Michigan City, Indiana,
may be placed at their disposal when the company
shall have oxpendod $100,000 of their own funds
thereon.
Also, the petition of J. "W. McMinn. and 5,000
others, citizens of western North Carolina, asking
the formation of a new State_ in that region, or the
reconstruction of North Carolina on a loyal basis.
Also, the petition of S. Beatty, H. Garner^ A. W.
Porter, J. S. Bender, J. B. Hoag, J. H. Adair, and
others, citizens of Knox, Indiana, praying that there
may be no curtailment or withdrawal of the national
currency. • „ , „ ,
Bv Mr. BEASIAN: The petition of Robert Inkst.ee,
and 35 others, citizens of Wayno county, Michigan,
praying for the impeachment of the President of the
United States.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
the "United States residing within the limits of the
former Stato of Georgia, praying Congress to abolish
the existing organization in that State, and to enable
the loyal citizens, without regard to raeo or color, to
form a State government. .
Also, the petition of citizens of Delaware county, in
that State, remonstrating against the passage of any
law for the more rapid curtailment of the currency,
and against requiring the national banks to redeem
fheif issues in New York.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: Tho petition of T. D. West,
for reliof for damages done to "buildings, &o., by
United State3 troops.
By Mr. £ OTfPY: The petition of Thomas U. Davis,
ana SOothers, citizens of V inton county, Ohio,-against
the further curtailment of the national currency.
By Mr. BU&LBIGH: A memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Dakota Territory, praying for a.
geological survey of the Black Hill country.
By Mr. DAWiS: The petition of George W. Pas-
chal.
By Mr. DRIG6S: The petition of Captain E. B.
"Ward, Moore, Eoote & Co.. and 20 others, mer-
chants and ship-owners of Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for light-
house and piers for the improvement'of tins harbor
at Alpena, Thunder Bay, on Lake Huron, Michigan.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of R. YV . jJo-oth
& Co., and 7 other mercantile firms of Ohio, protest-
ing against an advance of duly on steel.
By Mr. BLIOT: The petition of "William F. Golden,
and others, of Georgia, for legislative aidforfreedmen.
By Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, The petition of
citizens of Nelson county, Kentucky, against a return
to specie payment.
Also, the petition of J. Harding Magruder, of Shelby
county, Kentucky, praying for compensation for
slaves
By Sir. HOLMES: The petition of George A. Cro-
nus, for American register for the schooncr May-
flower of Port Dover.
Abo, the petition of James McLaughlin and Timo-
thy Driscoll, for American register for schooner Genu
By Mr. KELLBY: The petition of 80 loyal (col-
ored) citizens of North Carolina, praying Congress to
pass into a law the bill introduced by Hon. Thai>-
deus Stevens December 19, 186'>, to establish civil
government in North Carolina, or to pass some bill
similar in character, so that civil government may
bo speedily established on a thoroughly loyal basis
in North Carolina.
Also, the petition of 56 manufacturers and jour-
neymen cigar-makers, citizens of the fourth congres-
sional district of Penn.vyh ania, praying Congress to
so amend the internal revenue tax on cigars as to
create a specific tax of five dollars per thousand on
all domestic cigars, thereby affording a moie ade-
quate protection to the honest manufacturers and
journeymen and a larger revenue to tho Govern-
ment than by any other possible means, &c.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of William H.
Hafer, of company E, second regiment Pennsylvania
cavalry, for pension.
By Mr. MARSTON: The petition of Charlotte A.
Thomas. Stephen Fessenden, and 44others, residents
of Windham, New Hampshire, asking that the tariff
on wool and woolens passed by tlie House of Repre-
sentatives at its last session mny become a law.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of Daniel A. At-
well,E. Rosa, C.M.Underhill, and others, citizens of
Schenectady, New York, praying fur the establish-
ment of a uniform system of inter-State insurance.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 32 citizens of Jones
county, Iowa, asking for an amendment to the Con-
stitution of tho United States guarantying equality
for all citizens before tho law, regardless of birth,
race, or color.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Lieutenant
Robert E. Rieil, United States Navy, for the passage
of an act of special legislation that may give him the
promotion to which he claims he is entitled and whieh
he alleges has been unjustly withheld.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Mary B.
Fowler, of Cleveland. Ohio, for pension.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Otis Shepardson.
Z. H. Wallace, and §2 others, «f St. Joseph county,
Michigan, praying for the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, acting President of the United States, for
high crimes and misdemeanors.
By Mr. WARD, of N«w York: The petition of 34
citizens of Alleghany county. New York, in favor of
the impeachment of the President.
By Mr. WARNER: The petition of Georgo W.
Howland, of New Haven, Connecticut, for compen-
sation for services while held to military-service.
Also, the memorial of tho Union Knife Company,
Tuttle & Whittemore, and others, hardware manu-
facturers and workmen of Naugatuck, Connecticut,
praying for a reduction of the internal revenue tax on
their several products of manufacture.
Also, the memorial of William Wilcox & Co., and
employ6s, manufacturers of padlocks and other arti-
cles of hardware, praying for redaction of internal
revenue tax on these products,
Also, the memorial of Union Shear Company, and
others, manufacturers and employes, praying for a
reduction of internal revenue tax on manufactures.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Fuller & Tucker, and others, citizens of Hamp-
shire county, in Massachusetts, asking that the tax
on cigars be changed to a specific tax of not over five
dollars per thousand.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of 400 naturalized citizcns and immigrants who hfcvfc
declared their intention to become citizen^ of the
United States, residing in Clinton county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to so amend the negro suf-
frage act for the District of Columbia as.to put white
men who arc citizens or who havo declared their
intention of becoming citizens and residents of the
District upon an equal footing with the negroes, and
to extend to them the same privileges enjoyed by
negroes.
