1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139S
people will have complied with all that any
man dare get up and demand. When I pro-
pose to recognize them after they have done
all that any man on this floor dare demand,
I hope I shall not be accused of being desirous
of recognizing bogus State governments. I
do not propose to recognize tHem as State
governments till they have shown their com-
plete loyalty by complying with all the con-
ditions and giving all the guarantees which can
be required; and if there are not enough in
this proposition I propose that it shall be
amended until it shall satisfy the most fastid-
ious. My objection is to inaugurating military
government as an end ; I want it as a means.
Mr. SUMNER. You are right on that
point; I agree with you.
Mr. FRELIJSTGHUTSEN. I will call the
attention of the Senate to the alterations which
should be made in consequence of the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maine,
and I do this in answer to an objection made,
that the proposition is not in accordance with
the provision of the Constitution as to the
mode in which a constitutional amendment
must be adopted. The first provision of this
amendment now is : "That when the consti-
tutional amendment proposed as article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have
become a part of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the next is: "And when the
people of any one of the late so-called con-
federate States shall have," not assented to
the' constitutional amendment, but shall have
" formed a constitution and laws in conformity
therewith in all respects," then, making pro-
vision for the suffrage, and introducing another
clause in the eighteenth line, when the State
comes to be admitted and is no longer bogus,
and presents its constitution to be approved by
Congress, then, on such State assenting to the
constitutional amendment it shall be entitled
to representation.
Mr. MORRILL. That is the proposition.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. "The ques-
tion is on the proposed amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Before that vote is taken
I should be glad to hear the proposed amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary. It is proposed in line
four of the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, after the word "when," to insert
"the people of;" in lines five and six, to strike
out "give its assent to the same and conform
its" and to insert "formed a;" and after
"laws," in the sixth line, to strike out "there-
to," and to insert "in conformity therewith;"
so as to make the amendment read:
That whenever the constitutional amendment pro-
posed as article fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, and when the people of anyone
of the late so-called confederate States shall have
formed a constitution and laws in conformity there-
with in all respects, and when it shall have pro-
vided, &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. The provision that refers
to the framing of the constitution by the peo-
ple is all right. That I suppose would have
been the effect before. A State cannot form a
constitution except through its people. But
the amendment goes further and says, " When
the people shall form the laws." You do not
propose to constitute the people a legislature
to legislate on the subject. That certainly is
not the purpose.
Mr. FRELIN GHUY SEN. Very well; strike
out the words "and laws;" I do not think
them important; and then in the seventh line,
instead of the words "by its," insert "in such
constitution."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The belief is enter-
tained, I think, by a majority of this Chamber,
certainly by myself, that the ratification of the
constitutional amendment by the due propor-
tion, three fourths of the States represented
here, will make it a part of the Constitution.
]f our declaration was conclusive, there would
be an end of that matter ; but our declaration
80ru OONU. 2D SIMS.—So. 88.
perhaps is not conclusive 'on that subject.
There is another body holding its sessions in
this Capitol that may, by possibility, express
an opinion on that subject that would be more
authoritative than ours, and that body may
say that the ratification of the constitutional
amendment by three fourths of the States rep-
resented here now does not make it a part of
the Constitution of the United States. Now,
if we strike out this clause of the amendment,
what will be the result 1
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from New
Jersey is going to provide for that, if Senators
will onlv let him get through.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. I propose after
the word "Congress," in the eighteenth line, to
insert " on such State assenting to the said
constitutional amendment."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That will obviate the
difficulty I was about to suggest. I was about
to say that by striking out these words in the
first part of the proposition, without providing
for the same thing somewhere else, we might
get ourselves into the position of not having
the constitutional amendment finally ratified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair). The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
to the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the amendment be
read as it will stand if thus amended.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Johnson as it would stand if amended as pro-
posed by Mr. Frelinchuysen, as follows:
Insert as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That when the constitu-
tional amendment proposed as article fourteen by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have become a part of
the Constitution of the United States, and when the
people of any one of the late so-called confederate
States shall have formed a constitution in conformity
therewith in all respects, and when itshall have pro-
vided in such constitution, to be framed by a conven-
tion of delegates elected by the persons whomay vote
upon the ratification or rejection of the constitution
as hereinafter provided, that the elective franchise
shall be enjoyed by all male citizens of the United
States, of whatever color, race, or condition, twenty-
one years old and upward, who may have been resi-
dents of the State for twelve months previous to the
election, except such as may bo disqualified on account
of rebellion, felony at the common law, idiocy, or
insanity, and when said constitution shall have been
submitted to the voters of said State, as thus defined,
for ratification or rejection, and when the constitu-
tion, if ratified by the vote of the people of said State,
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, said State shall, if its constitution
be approved by Congress, on such State assenting to
the said constitutional amendment, be declared en-
titled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
theirtakingthe oaths prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this bill shall be
inoperative in said State.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey relieves the original
amendment very much in my mind. Indeed,
it removes one of the objections which I stated
to that amendment at the opening of the dis-
cussion, which was that the amendment as it
was first submitted to us contained within
itself a clear recognition of the legitimacy and
validity of the present so-called sham govern-
ments of the rebel States. This amendment
removes that objection, because it does not pur-
port to recognize any authority whatever or)
the part of those governments.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition is still very
incomplete. I said yon ought to begin at the
beginning and work through it. Therefore I
will go back before the part as to which I made
some observations a moment ago, and where
the objection which I presented has been re-'
moved by the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey. There is an uncertainty which
is left in an earlier line, and which I think
ought to be removed. It says "that when the
coiistitutional amendment proposed as article
fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States;" but it leaves open the ques-
tion what number of States can make it now a
part of the Constitution of the United States.
In short, it leaves open the question whether
these sham governments may not, by some
hocus-pocus or other, be enlisted in the num-
ber of States to constitute the three fourths
required. Now, I think on this occasion it is
important to remove all ambiguity. I propose,
therefore, to introduce after the word "United
States," in line four, the words "by the ratifi-
cation of three fourths of the Legislatures of
the States now participating in the Govern-
ment."
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not change it
at all, the question will still be open.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then, I will adopt
another form of expression and say "by the
ratification of three fourths of the Legislatures
of the States now represented in Congress."
Mr. JOHNSON. That leaves it just as it
was before.
Mr. SUMNER. IbegtheSenator'spardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I was about to say,
when I rose with the permission of the Senator
from Massachusetts, is equally applicable "to
the amendment as he has now framed it. When
will the Constitution be amended by the ratifi-
cation of three fourths of those States that are
represented ? Who is to decide that? That is
an open question, and must be an open ques-
tion just as much after you have declared that
it is to be a part of the Constitution when rati-
fied by three fourths as if you leave it blank.
If in point of law the States that are now
represented are the States to whom is to be
referred and by whom is to be ratified the con-
stitutional amendment proposed by Congress,
then the Constitution of the United States will
be altered in that respect; but if it is to be
submitted to more than the States that are
represented in Congress, that is to say, to all
the States, the question will be open whether
Congress declares it or not, and that is a ques-
tion of constitutional law which Congress can-
not decide by any declaration. It may go for
what it is worth, that in the opinion of.Con-
gress (if that should be the action of Congress)
the Constitution may be amended by the rati-
fication of three fourths of the represented
States; but whenever the question arises before
the judiciary it will be governed by other con-
siderations. It must be governed by what is
the meaning of the Constitution in that par-
ticular, and be governed by what the courts
shall decide is the condition of the States that
are not represented. If the courts shall be of
opinion that the States which are not repre-
sented in Congress are still States, then they
will certainly decide that a ratification by three
fourths only of the States that are represented
will not make a change in the Constitution.
The Senator's amendment leaves the question
just where it was before.
Mr. CONNESS. And in the case of such a
decision by the Supreme Court these southern
States or so-called confederate States will have
been accepted and in operation, while this
amendment which you now have adopted will
be a sham—nothing.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Then you have gained
nothing, and they are in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the understanding is
that when the vote is taken on this amendment
the Senate will adjourn I shall not occupy time
now, but I am disposed to speak on this
amendment unless the Senate is inclined to
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I have several other amend-
ments to propose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts is substantially to declare that
only the vote of three fourths_ of the States
now represented in Congress is necessary to
the ratification of a constitutional amendment.
As that recital, in my opinion, is wrong, radi-
cally wrong, I cannot give my assent to the
