630
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 22, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. C. R. Hains, of West River,
Maryland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Tie PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Charles D. Drake,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Missouri for the term of six years,
commencing on the 4th of March, 1867; which
were ordered to be placed on the files of the
Senate.
executive communication.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of the expenditures and of the arms,
&c., manufactured and repaired at the Spring-
field Armory during the year ending June 30,
1866; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr., WILLEY. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to make a remark or two in regard to
a matter in the nature of a matter of privilege.
It will be within the recollection of the Senate
that a few days since I had occasion to advert
to certain extracts from the Wheeling Regis-
ter, at that time edited by a Mr. Long, now
postmaster of the city of Wheeling. I have
received a letter from Mr. Long, in which he
complins somewhat that injustice has been
done him by reading those extracts; and I will
read his own explanation, so that it may go out
to the country together with the extracts:
" Of the alleged extracts from the Register but one
appeared as original matter, the others, if they were
published at all, having been copied from other
journals. In addition to this fact, it can be proven
that I was not personally responsible for the publica-
tion of any of these things. I was absent from the
city and from the State when it is alleged that the
extracts were published in the Register. I had
nothing to do with them whatever, and should not be
made to suffer for them."
It is proper I should state that the attention
of Mr. Long was directed to these extracts so
long ago as the 30th of August last by a very
sharp criticism in another paper published in
that city; but I am not aware that Mr. Long
or any other person for him disavowed his
complicity with those articles, or in any way
denounced the spirit and matter of them until
now. It was to be presumed, therefore, that
he was responsible for them. My remarks and
the extracts have gone out to the country, and
I have placed his own explanation upon the
records of the Senate, to go out along with
them, and if any injustice has been done him
his own explanation of the matter will go out
to the country also.
petitions*and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Montana, in favor of an amend-
ment to the organic act of the Territory so as
to extend the jurisdiction of justices of the
peace; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
in favor of the establishment of certain post
routes and post offices in thatTerritory; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying that when
officers are withdrawn from active service and
placed on the retired list under existing laws
they may be allowed to retain their service or
longevity rations; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented three petitions of officers
in the United States Army, praying for an in-
crease of pay ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented two petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
now pending in the Senate; which were ordered
to lie upon the table.
Mr. CONNESS. I present a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, concerning an attempt said to
have been made there to obtain a grant of land
by certain military officers, among whom are
Brigadier General- James H. Carleton, Brevet
Colonel N: H. Davis, Brevet Lieutenant Col-
onel A. B. Carey, and others. I believe a simi-
lar memorial has already been presented and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, I ask that this may hare the same
reference.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
so far as it relates to foreign wool; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Belle-
vue Farmers' Club, of Eaton county, Michigan,
praying for an increase of the duty on foreign
wool; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present a memorial of
citizens of the Territory of Idaho and citizens
of New York interested in the mining and
agricultural interests of that Territory, in
which they represent that the business of the
Territory amounts annually to millions of
dollars; that they have no medium of ex-
change there except gold dust, which, by rea-
son of a difference of fineness and adultera-
tion, has no uniform value and is exceedingly
hazardous. They further represent that they
are remote from the principal centers of busi-
ness ; that communication with the principal
cities of the country is exceedingly difficult;
and they are anxious to have some legislation
by which that Territory can be provided with
some of the national currency of the country.
As it is a subject which relates to the finances,
I move that' this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the memorial of
Charles W. Buck, late an acting master of the
United States Navy, who represents that while
serving in that capacity on board the United
States gunboat Water Witch, in Ossibaw sound,
on the southern coast, the vessel (not through
his fault, but through the negligence of the
watch officer) was captured, and the Navy
Department have decided that he is entitled to
no relief for losses sustained thereby; and he
appeals to Congress for aid. I ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and manufacturers of
cigars, of Toledo, Ohio, praying for a specific
tax of five dollars per thousand on all domestic
cigars, that the present tariff on imported
cigars may remain unchanged, and that the
present system of stamping be altered so as to
allow the sale of stamps to manufacturers at
five dollars per thousand, and that the penalty
for violating the revenue laws be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, praying that the Union Pacific Rail-
way (southern branch) Company be as liberally
endowed with subsidies and franchises as the
the Union Pacific railroad and its northern
branches; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented a petition of Captain Dan-
iel Ellis, praying for compensation for services
rendered m recruiting for the Union Army in
East Tennessee during the rebellion, together
with statements by Colonel John K. Miller, of
the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry, Colonel
George W. Kirk, third North Carolina infan-
try, and Lieutenant F. S. Singletory, of the
fourth regiment Tennessee infantry, in support
of the petition; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
citizens of Little Rock, Arkansas, represent-
ing that in May, 1865, a large amount of prop-
erty in that city was sold for the non-payment
of the United States direct tax, and remon-
strating against the passage of any law to
remedy the defects in the sale ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C RES WELL. I present a memorial of
merchants, mechanics, and manufacturers of
Baltimore, constituting a large proportion of
the industrial capital of that city, remonstrating
against the passage of the bankrupt bill; and
in support of their remonstrance they make
the following points:
" 1. They suggest that there is 110 present necessity
in the financial condition of tkc-eountry for measures
of relief.
"2. They claim that since the abolition of imprison-
ment for debt in the States, no question of humanity
to honest, unfortunate debtors is involved, and they
respectfully represent that experience haa demon-
strated the ease with which debtors can compound
with their creditors on a reasonable exposition of their
affairs.
" 3. They call your attention to the fact that immense
sums are due from persons in the States lately in
rebellion, who would be enabled to avail themselves
of such legal obstacles to the collection of debts; and
your memorialists are satisfied from experience that
many debtors would talse advantage of any law of
that kind to defraud their creditors of their justduea,
which otherwise could be collected by the ordinary
process.
"4. And chiefly, they protest against the injustice of
any retrospective enactment, taking from the cred-
itor those securities of statute law under which the
credit was given and the obligation incurred. They
are forced by observation and experience to believe
that such legislation is demoralizing in its tendency,
and violative of good faith toward the important
class of interests upon which it would most severely
bear."
As the Committee on the Judiciary, who had
the bankrupt bill in charge, reported it some
time ago, I ask that this memorial be printed
and laid on the table. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print will go to the Committee on Printing,
and the order to lie upon the table will be
entered.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of George and
W. H. Wood, presented to the Senate on the 20th of
January, 1864, and referred to the Committee on
Claims, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
again referred to said committee.
reports ot committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 681) for the relief of Celestia P. Hart,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 63) in relation to
the office of naval judge advocate general and
of solicitor of the Navy Department, reported
adversely thereon, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 233) in relation to
the appointment of enlisted persons in the Na-
val Academy, and for other purposes, reported
adversely thereon, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 346) to amend
section seven of the naval appropriation bill,
approved March 3, 1845, reported adversely
thereon, and moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of petty officers, sea-
men, and others' on board of vessels in the
employ of the Government, praying for an
amendment to the act for the relief of sea-
men and others borne on the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service, approved
July 4, 1864, so as to include those on board
of vessels in the employ of the Government
captured.bv the enemy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the St. 'Domingo
