24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Re-port of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Heps.
officers concerning the details of service in this
department, without regard to the orders on
the same subject given by the department com-
mander, and, indeed, without any notification
to him. In your present journey you will have
the opportunity to see how injuriously to the
public interests and to proper discipline or
performance of duly such a system works, and
Low impossible it is for the department com-
mander to be responsible for the expenditures
or in fact the administration in any respect of
his department. This special report will be
ready lor yon when you return, and can be
corroborated by your own observations.
In conclusion, I submit a few general obser-
vations concerning Colorado and New Mexico,
with which for the present I will end a letter
already much longer than I intended to make
it, or perhaps than was necessary.
Colorado and the routes east from the min-
ing regions need more troops. There ought to
be a post on the Middle Park, west of Central
City, to cover the mining population from the
Ute Indians. I should suppose that for the
present one company of infantry and two of
cavalry would be sufficient. It is also desirable
to establish a post on the Smoky Hill route,
between Pond Creek and Denver, near Beaver
Station. I will endeavor to detach sufficient
force for this purpose from Lyon and Pond
Creek, although I fear there are not enough
men at those posts for the purpose. I have
ordered one company of the eLtiteenth United
States infantry to take post near Denver for
escort to trains and other purposes. The land
for this force has been given by the citizensfree
of expense, and the necessary lumber for quar-
ters can lie furnished by the quartermaster at
Denver from buildings now unoccupied and
owned by the Government.
'i hnecessity of keeping an office of the
q ".:v:"rma>ter and subsistence department at
Lv nver. as suggested to you in my letter of July
2. you wi.I see for yourself during your visit.
l'or the garrison of Fort Garland, by far the
mo=t important post on the Ute frontier, I have
amhoii/.ed the retention until their term of ser-
vice expires of four companies of New Mexi-
can vol unteers, to be consolidated from other
companies of the regiment under the command
of Kit Carson, who is now the colonel, but who
will be reduced to lieutenant colonel. I need
not say that Carson is the best man in this
country to control these Indians and to prevent
war if it can be done. He is personally known
to and liked by every Indian of the bands likely
to make trouble, and the men he will retain are
perfectly familiar with the Indians and the
country. I think this battalion should be per-
manently retained for service on the Ute front-
ier. I shall consider the Government pecu-
liarly fortunate if war with the Utes can be
avoided nnder the provoking condition of things
which I have referred to in the first part of this
letter. The damage this tribe could do to the
widely-scattered and exposed settlements in
southern Colorado and New Mexico, on both
sides of the mountains, is incalculable, and we
have no sufficient force to prevent such depre-
dations. Peace with these Indians is of all things
desirable, and no man is so certain to insure it
as Kit Carson.
I must again state to you that I do not con-
sider the treaties lately made with the Sioux,
Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Kiowas, and Coman-
ches worth the paper they are written on, for
reasons which 1 have given you so often that
you must be sick of hearing them.
I have myself no doubt that hostilities will
again break out on the Platte, the Smoky Hill,
and the Arkansas rivers before the beginning
of winter, and I have accordingly made all the
arrangements possible with the small force at
my command in this view; what can be done
will ce:'tui:.!v be done to protect the overland
routes, but i tear without much success in case
of a general outbreak. I will carefully instruct
the posts along the Arkansas on my return,
and will place them in the best possible condi-
tion for the active service into which they may
any day be called.
Very respectfully, yours,
JOHN POPE, Major General.
Major General W. T. Sherman,
Denver, Colorado.
Report of Major General H. W. Halleck.
Headquarters
Military Division of the Pacific,
San Francisco, California,
October 18,1866.
General: In accordance with the instruc-
tions of G-eneral Grant, I send herewith the
reports of Major Generals Steele and McDow-
ell of the military operations in their respective
departments during the past year.
It will be seen from the report of General
Steele that the Indian hostilities have been
mostly confined to that portion of Oregon and
Idaho surrounding the valley of Malheur lake
and on the upper w^ers of the Owyhee river,
as designated on the map forwarded with my
report of August. Most of +he Indian depre-
dations in northwestern California and northern
Nevada have been committed by the same hos-
tile tribes, namely, the Bannacks, Pi-Utes, arid
Snakes. The hostility of these Indians is no
new thing; they have been at war with the
whites, murdering and robbing whenever they
could get an opportunity for the last twenty
years. They have no fixed habitations, but are
continually changing their location in various
parts of that extensive country, most of which
is mountainous and almost inaccessible for
want of roads, and portions of it entirely bar-
ren. The traveled roads most molested are
those from Star City, Nevada, and Susanville,
California, to Ruby City, Idaho, and from the
Dalles, Oregon, to Bois6 City, Idaho. General
Steele has two companies of infantry and one
of cavalry on the Canon City road, and I hope
to be able to send him two or three other com-
panies of cavalry in the course of aweelcortwo.
On the mail route from Chico to Idaho there
are four one-company posts, namely, Camp
McKee, on Mud lake, Camp McGarry, at Sum-
mit lake, Camp C. F. Smith, and Camp Lyon.
On the mail route from Star City to Idaho we
have a post at the Three Forks of the Owyhee,
one at Camp MeDerinitt, and a new one is now
being established in Paradise Valley. Although
these will serve to keep the Indians in check
they cannot entirely prevent their depredations,
for small parties occasionally conceal them-
selves on the roads, or visit isolated ranchos
for the purpose of murder and plunder. Hos-
tilities will not entirely cease till these Indians
are killed or captured. It will be seen from
the reports that much has been done during
the past year to break up these savages, and I
think that still more will be accomplished
during the coming winter.
In northwestern California the Indians have
been generally quiet, and the posts at Camps
Wright, Gaston, and Lincoln are kept up on
account of the Indian reservations in the vicin-
ity of each. Since my report of August 4 the
post on Humboldt bay has been broken up.
Camps Bidwell and Warner and Fort Klamath
are in the hostile Indian country, and con-
venient for sending out scouting parties.
Camp Independence, on Owens river, in
southeastern California, was a two-company
post, but General McDowell has recently sent
detachments from that place to form tempo-
rary camps in Nevada, near the White mount-
ain range, to protect the mining settlements
there. No serious difficulties have yet occurred
in that part of the country.
In regard to military operations in the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, the accompanying report of
Major General McDowell is so full as to re-
quire but few remarks by me. I respectfully call
your attention to what is said in regard to the
want of company and regimental officers, and
also to the remarks on the value of the native
troops there. It is greatly to be regretted that
they could not be retained in service. The
experiment of cultivating a Government farm
near Fort McDowell has been a complete suc-
cess, and will serve to encourage agricultural
settlements in that part of the country.
The Apache is a bitter enemy to all white
settlers, having been at war with them for the
last half century. There is no hope of peace
in that country till he is destroyed or thoroughly
conquered. His style of warfare is simply that
of murder and robbery. As these Indians are
scattered in small bands over an immense ex-
tent of country, very sparsely populated, and
with few good roads, they must be hunted and
exterminated. They will not fight except at
a great advantage, and with the certainty of
plunder. The murder and robbery of travel-
ers and isolated settlements, and the stealing
of herds, constitute their principal occupation,
and furnish them with the means of their pre-
carious subsistence.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. W. HALLECK,
Major General Commanding.
Brevet Major General E. D. Townsend, Assist-
ant Adjutant General, Washington, D. C.
Headquarters Department of California,
San "Francisco, California,
October 18, 1806.
Sir : I have to report as follows in com-
pliance with instructions from division head-
quarters of October 4, I860:
DISTRICT OP HUMBOLDT.
This district comprises the northern coast
counties of California. It is inaccessible to
wagons, and is reached from the other settled
portions of California either by trail over the
mountains, or by sea.
During the rebellion, and prior to my com-
ing out, an extensive Indian war broke out in
this district, and a large force of volunteers
—some of them raised especially for the ser-
vice—were occupied in waging it. Last year
a large body of Indian prisoners who had been
made iu the course of the hostilities, and had
been kept on the sand-spit opposite Fort Hum-
boldt, were sent to the " Round Valley reser-
vation."
The volunteers were all mustered out, and
their places supplied by the regular forces.
Everything is at this time, and has been for
some time past, quiet in the district, and no
immediate trouble is anticipated unless the
whites should, as they have been too apt to do,
provoke it. When the company of artillery
now at Fort Humboldt leaves that station, and
it becomes reduced to a mere depot, there will
be but two posts maintained in the district—
one of one company of the ninth infantry at
Camp Lincoln, not far from Crescent City, near
the " Smith River Indian reservation," and
one of two companiespf the ninth infantry at
Fort Gaston, on the Trinity, and the "Hoopa
Valley Indian reservation/'
DISTRICT OP CALIFORNIA.
This district was broken up last March.. It
occupied that part of California north of Tejon
Pass, and not included in the district of Hum-
boldt. It was organized during the rebellion,
and with reference to the disloyal inhabitants.
On the return of peace the posts and stations
were reduced as rapidly as possible, and there
remain in it now, outside the small peace gar-
risons^ in the permanent works in the har-
bor of San Francisco, but three posts: one
of one company oj the ninth infantry at the
'"Round Valley Indian reservation,"' Mendoci-
no county; one of two companies, one of the
ninth infantry, and one of the first cavalry, at
Camp Bidwell. in Surprise valley, to protect the
frontier settlements from the hostile Indians
of northern Nevada and southern Oregon, and
guard one of the routes from the Sacramento
river, in California, to Idaho. Thi^ post also
