1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
I am not of opinion that the Senator from Ore-
gon, fresh as he is, coming from the invigor-
ating breezes of the Pacific and the mountains,
is able to pass this bill .before ten o'clock to-
morrow evening. I am not of that opinion,
but I may be mistaken. The Senator from
California, who has enjoyed the same advan-
tages of the mountains and the ocean with the
Senator from Oregon says he cannot. It
seems to me fair that the residue of the dis-
cussion of the question shall be in daytime.
With these views I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg permission to make
a single suggestion, as the gentleman has made
a very long one; and that is simply this:
everybody in the Senate has determined how
he will vote upon this bill, and there is no
necessity for long speeches to convince any-
body here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw the motion
that the Senator may speak in order. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am much obliged to the
Senator from Indiana; he is always in order,
and I suppose it is necessary that I should be.
I simply desire to suggest the speeches that
are to be submitted on this question can be
' made on some other occasion, and in daylight
if the gentlemen prefer it; but they are not
necessary for that elucidation of the question
before the Senate, and there is no man here, I
presume, who will be influenced by any of the
speeches that are to be made, and for that rea-
son I do not see the necessity for postponing
this vote, as suggested by the Senator from
Indiana. As to my ability to pass this bill, I
do not claim or expect that my ability will
secure its passage, but I have lived long enough
to learn one thing, and that is that the only
way to accomplish anything is to try. If you
do not at first succeed, try again.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have not seen this
bill yet elucidated, even by the Senator from
Oregon, and I should like very much to hear
it elucidated. The time has not come when
any person has yet undertaken to elucidate it
except in the negative.
Mr. SAULSBQRY. I should like to make
one remark in response to the Senator from
Oregon. Although I do not suppose any one
of us who propose to discuss this measure to-
morrow are presumptious enough to think that
we can change any vote on the other side of
the Chamber, yet gentlemen on that side have
had full opportunity to express their^ views
upon all the matters pertaining to this bill,
and few Senators have occupied the attention
of the Senate more often in regard to it than
the Senator from Oregon. Now, at this late
hour of the night, nearly two o'clock, when it
is apparent to everybody that the discussion
will close some time to-morrow evening, it is
suggested that because we cannot enlighten
the Senate or change a vote here, therefore
we shall not have the opportunity of letting
our views be made known to our people at
home or to the country at large. Sir, a graver
question was never presented to the consider-
ation of a deliberative body. Certainly, no
graver question was ever presented to the
American Senate. It is a question whether
this Federal Union shall be forever dissolved,
whether nine or ten States shall cease to be
States of the Union ; and certainly upon a
question of this importance, in which our peo-
ple are as much interested a$.yours, their rep-
resentatives on this floor should be allowed to
be heard.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course I do not rise, sir,
to discuss this question ; I should like to do so
if there were not circumstances suggesting the
impropriety of that course; but I rise to make
an appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts,
and it is respectfully to solicit him to withdraw
this amendment. The original proposition
itself is a very grave one. The Senator now
proposes an amendment which of itselt involves
a grave constitutional question, and which of
itself must necessarily produce as protracted a
discussion as the original proposition. If that
Senator is as desirous as I suppose he is, and
as we all are, that we should come to a speedy
decision upon this measure, in view of the con-
tingencies operating on our minds, making it
necessary in our opinion to have a speedy
decision, it will be necessary for him, I think,
to consider whether it is proper to urge this
amendment, because it is very likely that the
question involved in it will necessarily occupy
two or three days' discussion. It is a very
grave question, a fundamental question, and
must lead, perhaps, to protracted discussion
on one side of the House, if not on all sides.
Sir, if there be a serious effort to attach it to
this bill, humble as I am myself, I should feel
it my duty to discuss it- at whatever length I
may deem necessary and with whatever ability
I may possess.
Mr. CONNESS. It is better to vote it down
at once.
Mr. WILLEY. That may be all very well
if our friends on the other side see proper not
to discuss it two or three days ; but if we are
constantly affording them themes for discus-
sion, and presenting questions which we all
acknowledge to be important, I for one shall
not object to their discussing them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that the
minority have availed themselves of accidental
questions for the purpose of protracting this
debate, and I do not think the Senator from
West Virginia should make that criticism upon
us. Indeed, we have had but very little of the
advantages of this debate. I do not feel that
we have had hardly a chance. I have made a
few remarks, it is true; but our side has said
but very little. But, sir, I made a motion that
the Senate adjourn, and I now renew that
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. With the understanding
that a vote shall bo had to-m'orrow night by
ten o'clock. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no understand-
ing about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Doolittle, Fogg,
Foster, Hendricks, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sprague,
yrtd Van Winkle—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragm,
Creswell, I'reiinghuysen, Henderson. Howard, Kirk-
wood, Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Howe, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Riddle,
Sherman, and Trumbull—18.
So (at five minutes before two o'clock a. mj
the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Maryland.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. _ We have on several
occasions, in conversation on this subject of
adjournment, said as much as ever can be very
well said in the Senate, that we expected that
if an adjournment takes place we shall come
to a vote to-morrow evening by nine or ten
o'clock. There are some Senators, however,
upon the floor—one or two—who feel a con-
scientious scruple against making what they
call a positive agreement on that point, and
they say they never do it; but about all is ex-
pressed that ever has been expressed in the
Senate when an occasion of this kind has
arisen. We cannot make any agreement that
is binding upon any Senator; he must act on
his own responsibility ; but we have said very
frankly to those in favor of this bill that our
expectation is that we shall come to a vote by
nine or ten o'clock to-morrow evening, and
even those Senators who have said that they
cannot como to such an agreement have given
their opinion that we can close the debate by
that time. ,
That occurred two or three hours since, auu
yet there has been all the while a disposition
to press this bill, as if gentlemen supposed it
could come to a vote to-night. Now, I give it
as my opinion to gentlemen—I do not say any
more—that every hour we are delayed here
to-night will be at least an hour delay beyond
ten o'clock to-morrow evening. There is no
use of attempting to force us to a vote when we
have not yet had an opportunity to discuss this
question. There has been no disposition mani-
fested to protraet the debate, except so far as
is necessary to have- a reasonable opportunity
to discuss the question.
But this proposition introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is one of the most
important propositions ever presented to the
Senate of the United States. Whether the
votes of the Legislatures of one half or two
thirds of the States, without any reference
whatever to the other States, can change the
fundamental law of the land, not only for the
States that are represented, but for the States
which are not represented in Congress, is the
greatest question ever presented. The very
fundamental idea of our institutions rests upon
self-government, the idea that the people have
a voice in their governments, a voice in making
their fundamental laws. The idea of the Sen-
ator fro.m Massachusetts strikes at the very
foundation of everything like republican gov-
ernment. To say that ten million people,"be-
cause to-day they happen not to have repre-
sentatives admitted into Congress—not because
they have not sent them here, but because
Congress refuses to let them in—are to be
bound by a fundamental constitutional law
binding upon them, which has been imposed
upon them by two thirds or three fourths of the
Legislatures of other States who happened to
"be represented, is a proposition in my judg-
ment which cannot bear discussion. Sir, it
is fundamental, vital; it goes to the question
of the existence of the union of the States; it
assumes that these are not States of the Union,
having any right to a voice in the fundamental
law of the land.
Sir, I am astonished sometimes to see to
what extent the Senator from Massachusetts
can go. No longer ago than the 10th day of
May last he voted to pass a law transferring
from Virginia a portion of its territory to West
Virginia. Upon what authority did he do
that? Upon the authority of the Constitution
of the United States, which says that when the
Legislature of a State chooses to part with a
portion of its territory and annex it to another
State Congress may consent to the transfer.
By that act Congress recognized the State of
Virginia, and recognized not only the State of
Virginia, but the Legislature of Virginia, and
the validity of the Legislature of Virginia, and
the validity of the act of the Legislature of
Virginia consenting to this transfer of territory.
I have before me the act of Congress for which
the Senator voted ; it is in a very few words:
"Congress hereby recognizes the transfer of the
counties of Berkeley and Jefl'erson from the State of
Virginia to West Virginia, and consents thereto.
This act recognizes Virginia as a State, with
a Legislature having power to consent to the
transfer. By every act of legislation during this
whole war Congress has always recognized
these States as States in this Union. There is
no act upon the statute-books which declares
anything else but that they are States in this
Union.
Mr. President, I have no desire to take up
the time of the Senate. I wish to discuss the
bill which is pending before the Senate, but I
do not expect to discuss it to-night, nor in these
hours of the night. It is oppressive ; it is un-
heard of; it is what has never occurred in this
body before since I have been a member of tiie
Senate. Wherever there is an effort shown by
a factious disposition to delay the action of the
body it is justifiable and tolerable for the ma-
jority to undertake to press the minority to a
vote and to prevent even discussion^ Bit, sir,
we have borne this; we have manifested no
feeling under this systematic determination to
force on this vote j but I do not believe that
