■SHR&fi
Appendix to the congressional globe.
'25
SEsrkris & Ho. of Rhps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Gong....2d Sess.
furnishes & small guard for the settlements near
Fort Crook. The third post is at Camp Inde-
pendence, Owens river valley, beyond the Si-
erra Nevada, and consists of a company of the
ninth infantry, and one of the first cavalry.
* 'During the first years of the war the Indians
"Were very hostile in this section of the ooiintry,
but were finally overpowered, and a large num-
ber of them were carried off to the " Tule
River Farm Indian reservation," near Visalia.
The Indians from/Owens river valley were not
contented at the reservation. The hot climate
-and low land beingso different from their own,
and the larger* part of them having fled from
It back to ■ their old hannts, an attempt was
made last year to again-get them back, but
without success ; they fled to the mountains.
' The establishment, of Camp Independence
lias given protection to settlers established in
. the valley, and I dfo not doubt they will soon
raise all- the supplies'required for the troops. It
-already supplies all the' grain, hay, and beef.
1 have given1 orders for establishing an out-
postfrom Camp Independence, at or beyond
' Silver •Peakj in Nevada, to protect the settle-
ments in the southern part of that State.
The difficulty here, as it is everywhere else
in this country, is with the whites more than
the Indians. Could the former beplaced under
some restraint, and not suffered to shoot and
maltreat the natives with vttter impunity, we
would have no trouble whatever. In the north-
ern part of the valley the Indians work in the
mines and on- the farms, and they would do so
in the southern portion, below the camp, but
a few of the settlers who believe in shooting
every Indian on sight prevent it, and force
therfi to remain in the mountains, whence they
from time to time come forth to steal that
they may not starve.
There are tribes of Indians living to the east
and southeast of Owens river that have as yet
had but little'to do with" the whites, and it is
mostly-by these that thepriricipal depredations
have been committed. -1 he force now at Camp
'Independence will be sufficient, it is believed,
to ■ protect all the settlements in that quarter.
The posts in the harbor of San Francisco
have been reduced to small skeleton garrisons
of the second artillery in the principal forts;
one company at Fort Point, two companies at
Aleatras, and one company at Point San Jos6,
•with the two battery companies of the regi-
ment at the Presidio.
The stations at Monterey, Benicia barracks,
Camps Union, near Sacramento, and Babbitt,
near Visalia, Camp Beynolds, on An"el Island,
and Port Crook, (except a squad of men
attached there from Camp Bidwell,) have all
been abandoned.
There is, I think, no danger to any of the
"settlements in the late district of California:
the only apprehensions are from the settlers
in the vicinity of Fort Reading.
DISTRICT OP SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
This district was also discontinued last March.
The post at San Diego has been broken up,
and that at Drum barracks and Wilmington
depot, on the execution of orders recently
issued, will be reduced to a regimental quar-
termaster and a squad of fifteen men.
One company is all that now remains m this
late district. This company is stationed in
two detachments, one at Drum barracks, one
at Camp Cady, existing orders will further
subdivide- it into three detachments, two as
above, and a third at Rock Springs.
The detachments atB,ock Springs and Camp
Cady are for the purpose of protecting that part
of the road from Los Angeles to Prescott, Ari-
zona, which lies between the Cajon Pass and
Fort Mojave. This is the only United States
mail road from California to Arizona, and has
been much infested by roving parties of Indians,
who have given, much uneasiness &nd inflicted
considerable injury on tlwsettlersand travelers.
The young officer stationed at Camp Gady
attempted to chastise a party which passed near
his station in open day, anrl was badly defeated,
with several of his men killed and wounded.
He has asked for a court of inquiry, which will
be granted as soon as officers can be had from
which to constitute it.
The establishment of a second station on the
road, as above mentioned, will give it all the
protection the present force will admit of.
The other parts ofthis section of the country
are quiet. /
MSTBICT OF NEVADA.
The volunteers were all relieved early from
this district, and it now has two small posts of a
company each at Churchill barracks and Camp
ltuby, for the protection of that part of the
great " overland mail route" from the Pacific
to the Atlantic which lies within my depart-
ment, and two stations for the protection of the
roads to Idaho and southern Oregon, one of a
company of cavalry at Camp McDermitt, for
the road from Virginia City through Star City
and Queen's river valley, and one at Camp
McG-arry, of a company of the ninth.infantry,
and one of the first cavalry for the protection
of the Idaho mail road from Chico through
Susanville, Pueblo, &c., to the Owyliee.
There have been within the last two years
several Indian combats in the northern part of
Nevada, in the vicinity of the routes which the
posts of Camps Jlcdarryand McDermitt are
mlended to protect, and many Indians have
been killed an^eaptured and driven away from
the settlements. The orders from division head-
quarters are-now being carried into effect for
the establishment of a camp of a company of
cavalry at Paradise Valley.
Though there wore during the summer great
complaints of want of protection near Paradise
Valley, and of depredations committed there,
there have been no serious disturbances to re-
cord, and it is believed the company now under
orders will give all the additional force neces-
sary in this part of Nevada.
Since the discontinuance of the district of
California, the post of Camp liidwell has been
transferred to the district of Nevada, and, as
the operations of the troops in Nevada have
freed the central part of the State from hostile
Indians, and driven the larger part to the north,
the headquarters of the district have been
changed from Churchill barracks to Camp Mc-
Garry, as a more central point with respect, to
future movements against those who continue
to give us trouble.
DISTRICT or ARIZONA.
The regular troops in this district consist of
the first and third battalions of the fourteenth
infantry, four companies of the first. United
Slates cavalry, and one company of the second
United States artillery. Until very recently
there were also several companies and frag-
ments of companies of Arizona volunteers. The
latter have been ordered to be mustered out on
the expiration of their year's term of service,
and most, if not all, have by this time been
discharged. They were the most effective troops
for the service in that country that wo have had,
and have done more than all the others together.
In fact, it is not too much to say that they only
within the last year have inflicted any consid-
erable injury on the hostile Apaches. The reg-
ular troops, used to a different kiud of warfare,
unused to the kind of life necessary to obtain
any results against the Indians in Arizona, seem
to acquire very slowly the experience necessary
to enable them to be effective for offensive oper-
ations.
For a more complete description of Arizona
Territory, and account of the disposition of the
Indian tribes, &c., than can be given in this
paper, I beg to refer to my special report, dated
March 23,186G, made on my return tromatour
of inspection throughout the district. Since
the date of that report the post of San Diego
has been abandoned, and the company sta-
tioned there transferred to Fort Yuma. This,
with a company of the fourteenth infantry, now
constitute thegarrison of the latter place, which,
together with the company at Fort Mojave. are
expected to keep the peace along the line of
-the Colorado river, and furnish guards for the
"supplies and cattle that go therefrom into the
interior.
- There has been a good deal of uneasiness
Within the year at several points along thei-ivev.
particularly at La Pas, the month of Bill Wil-
liams's fork, Hardyville, and El Dorado canon,
and it has been impossible to furnish the pro-
tection asked for, except to a limited extent.
The hostility existing between the_ Biver In-
dians and certain bands of the Pi-Utcs and
Chemehuevis has caused alarm to the white
inhabitants who have been, and are, friendly
to the Mojaves. The killing of the head chief,
Waba Yuma, of Hualapais, by some whites on
the road from Hardyville and Prescott, has also
unsettled the gooij relations heretofore existing
with those Indians.
The hostilities on the road from Camp Cady
to Fort Mojave with the Pi-Utes seem to have
extended their effects to the Indians of that or
kindred tribes further to the north, and there
have been offensive movements against the
important mining settlements at El Dorado
canon. This has given alarm to those engaged
in the enterprise of opening a line of trade by
way of the Colorado river to Utah, and they
fear their boat with its supplies may be in dan-
ger. At their repeated and earnest, request 1
have ordered a guard of ten men to be dei ached
from Fort Mojavo, to be stationed for sixty
days in El Dorado canon. This, I sincolearn,
will take every man, not on special duty, away
from the post, the others being absent, escort-
ing cattle to Fort Whipple.
The Indians, who have heretofore been quiet
on the road from La Pas to Prescott, and have
confined themselves to limits prescribed by tin;
military commander and Indian superintend-
ent, were found in large numbers beyond their
limits in Skull valley. It is claimed they were
there with hostile intent, and that they attacked
a private train under escort of some Arizona
volunteers. The result, was an engagement, in
which a large number of Indians were killed and
wounded; itremains to bo seen whethcrcnougli
to subdue the tribe, or only to reilame it.
The Arizona volunteers, heretofore stationed
in Skull valley, having been mustered out of
service, their place has been supplied by the
company of the fourteenth infantry from Date
Creek, and the stations at the latter place and
at Wickenlmrg have been abandoned.
The post of Camp Lincoln, on the Upper
Verde, has proved so favorable for operations
against the Apaches that it will be maintained
by u company of the fourteenth infantry, though
the force, both in quality (for this kind of ser-
vice) and quantity, will not replacc the volun-
teers whose places they take.
The post at Fort Whipple; near Prescott,
will be kept up for the present.
The post of Fort McDowell, on the Lower
Verde, now occupied by three companies of the
fourteenth infantry and one company of the first
cavalry, has, together with the post of Camp
Lincoln, inflicted so severe a chastisement in
repeated combats with the Apaches that they
have compelled them to beg for peace. This,
heretofore, has been offered them on condition
they would go to the place reserved for Indian
prisoners at Fort Goodwin. But they repre-
sent that they are at enmity with the Fort
Goodwin bands, and cannot live with them.
I am not sure they are sincere in their desire
for peace; but as they may be, and as 1 have
now lost the force most competent to further
chastise them, I have given instructions to gram
them peace on the terms proposed to them by
the late excellent commander of Fort McDow-
ell, which will provide for their coming in as
prisoners, in tlio vicinity of that station, and
there plant and keep the peace with the whites
and their allies, the Gila Indians, the Pimas,
and Maricopas.
The post of Fort Grant, (two companies of
the fourteenth infantry,) at the mouth of the
