ma
GrLOBfi.
January 22,
out of office. That is the way it stands as I
understand it. .
. Mr. TRUMBULL. All who have been ap-
pointed within a certain period.
Mr..FESSENDEN. _ Why not apply it to
%U who halve been appointed? ,
.! .Mr. TRUMBULL. I can give the reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' , The reason is very
obvious. TheSenatDrneednofcgiveit. Those
appointed before th^t as pension agents were
appointed by our side. ' Since the present Sec-
retary of the Inteppr'has come in he has turned
out a few.anA dppointe'd some others; and the
.liill provides, or is intended to provide, that,
those whom the present Secretary has appointed
since he came into office shall go out. That is
about the amount of it. If the Senator wants
'to conform his action to all the previous legisla-
tion of Congress let him put them all out.
I have no objection to the proposition except
simply* what I stated a day or two ago: it is a
kind of legislation that I do not like. Author-
ity has been exerted legally on the subject, and
I do not think it will look well for the credit
of Congress if we direct our legislation merely
to putting out a few officers who have been
appointed in different parts of the country—I
believe there are but few of them—by the pres-
ent Secretary of the Interior. That is my only
objection to it, and it is the reason why I ob-
jected the other day. If the Senate choose to
do it, they can do so; but I really do not think
that the great duty of the hour of the great
party to which I have the honor to belong is to
devote itself to keeping certain persons in office
and preventing other persons from getting in.
I think they have duties beyond and larger than
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think either
that that is the great business Of the country,
to keep certain men in office and certain others
out "; but I think it is very proper that the Con-
gress of the United States, so far as it has the
power, should see that the friends of the coun-
try exercise the official authority of the coun-
try. These persons have been appointed, to
say the least of it, under questionable author-
ity. I have looked into the law as carefully
as I was capable of examining it, and I have
never been satisfied that the Secretary of the
Interior had the authority'to make these ap-
pointments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The present Secretary
had just as much as the previous Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; but this is a
novel thing that has been done very recently
by all of them since the war. I made some
remarks in the Senate before the present Sec-
retary occupied the position of Secretary of
the Interior in which I contested the authority
of the Secretary to make these appointments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody objects to that
part of the bill at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. They ought all to go out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; they ought not
all to go out because the law had specifically
provided for certain pension agents. Congress
many years ago established pension agents
when this branch of the public service was
connected with the War Department, and by
special acts of Congress pension agencies were
established in the different States, at Tusca-
loosa, Alabama, and at other points; but when
this branch of the public service was transferred
from the War to the Interior Department, the
Secretary of the Interior assumes, possibly cor-
rectly by inference from some laws which have
been passed—there is no direct statute author-
izing it—that he had this authority. I think it
is questionable whether he had it or not. This
is not novel legislation. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Maine that similar legislation to this
was had in 1820 when the terms of various offi-
cers were fixed; some went out of office at the
end of one year, and some at the end of two.
This bill does not prevent the President from
removing any of these offices, but it declares
that certain of them shall go out within a lim-
ited period ; and so did the act of 1820.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That turned them all
cut at some period or other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it did provide
that all of them should go out within some
period. It seems, then, that if this bill had
provided that no one should hold the office for
more than four years without a reappointment,
as the act of 1820 provided in regard to mar-
shals, a certain class of postmasters, district
attorneys, registers of land offices, and other
officers, it would obviate the objection which
the Senator from Maine has. Perhaps it would
be well enough to limit it. I am not sure whether
the bill under consideration does limit the term
of service to four years or to any definite period.
It might be well enough to do it. But whether
limited or not, the President exercises the power
of nominating at any time a person as a new
incumbent of any of these offices, and if the
Senate confirms the nominee the old officer
goes out even within the four years. It is a
very common thing for a postmaster to be re-
moved who has served but one or two years,
although the term of office which he would
serve would be four years if he was not inter-
fered with by the Executive.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will pardon me
one moment, I can inform him that the bill
provides expressly for a term of four yearsk
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Very well ; then it meets
that objection. They all go out within a limited
period, and it is in that respect in precise con-
formity to the legislation of 1820. The only
effect of the bill is, that it provides that certain
officers shall go out sooner than others. There
is nothing novel in that legislation; and it
seems to me, in the condition of the country,
it is very proper that such legislation should
be had. I certainly am desirous that legisla-
tion should be had that will put a termination
to the offices of certain persons who have been
appointed within the last few months, in some
of the States at least.
Mr. CONNESS. I am opposed to this re-
consideration, and I confess very freely that
my opposition is based in a great measure upon
the fact that the appointments complained of
were made by the present Secretary of the In-
terior, because I regard him as one of the most
responsible of the bad advisers of the Presi-
dent, and one of the most accountable for the
unfortunate differences that have occurred be-
tween the executive and legislative depart-
ments of the Government. These do not fur-
nish the only cases in which th t officer has
exhibited that class of partisanism that is based
upon the removal of men from office because
they have not taken up the cudgels in behalf
of the Executive, or rather against Congress.
In place of using his time and bringing his
talent to an adjustment of the differences that
existed, 1 have the best reason to believe that
that officer has constantly promoted the unfor-
tunate difficulties to which I have referred,
from which the country suffers so much. There-
fore, sir, I am opposed to the reconsideration
and in favor of just such legislation as has been
enacted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to state a simple
proposition, which is clear to my own mind,
and yet I may be in error. It is a question of
law. These pension agents were appointed by
authority of law by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. They entered upon the discharge of the
duties of their office. According to judicial
decision, they had a property in their office:
and the proposition now is, not to repeal the
act creating the offices, but to remove, by le-
gislative power, men in office having a property
in their office. I hold that that is not within
the competency of Congress; but if they wish'
to get clear of these officers they must repeal
the act under which they were appointed: and
Congress has so acted. When it seemed ne-
cessary for the good of the country, and in
obedicnce to the dictates of" loyalty," that Con-
gress should get clear of the courts in this Dis-
trict, what did they do ? Did they attempt by
a single act of legislation to remove the judges?
No, sir; but they repealed the act constituting
the court. Now, sir, I hold that these officers
having been appointed according to law by a
power having the right to appoint them it is
not competent for the legislative department
of the Government simply to remove them;
but if they wish to get clear of them they most
repeal the act under which they were appointed,
and pass another act, under which other per-
sons may be appointed in their stead. For that
reason I shall vote for the reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated that this legis-
lation was not without precedent. The Sena-
tor from Maine seemed to think it was a novel
mode of legislating. I have now before me
the act of May 15, 1820, which declares—
"That from and after the passing of this act all
district attorneys, collectors of the customs, naval
officers and surveyors of the easterns, navy asents,
receivers of public moneys-for lands, registers of the
land offices"—
Enumerating various officers—
"to be appointed under the laws of the United States,
shall be appointed for the term of four years, bat
shall be removable from office at pleasure."
The second section reads as follows:
"That the commission of eaeh and every of the
officers named in the first section of this act, now in
office, unless vacated by removal from office or other-
wise, shall cease and expire in the.ma.nner following:
all such commissions bearing date on or before the
shall next ensue after the 30th day of September
next; all such commissions hearing date after the
said 30th day of September, in the year 1814, and
before the 1st day of October, 1816, shall cease and
expire on the day and month of their respective dates
which shall next ensue after the 30th day of Septem-
ber. 1821; and all other such commissions shall cease
and expire at the expiration of the term of four
years from their respective dates."
Now, the Senate will observethat if a person
was appointed a.register of a land office or a
district attorney after the 1st day of October,
1816, say on the 1st day of November, 1816,
he would go out at the end of four years, which
would be the 1st of November, 1820 ; whereas
a person appointed before October, 1810,
would hold .until the 30th of September, 1821.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the other way I
think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; those last
appointed would-go out before those who had
been appointed prior to October, 1816. Those
appointed prior to October, 1816, and after
1814, were to hold until the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1821, but all others——
Mr. FESSENDEN. Were to hold for four
years.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if they were ap-
pointed in November, 1816, the four years
would expire in November, 1820, which would
be a year before the others would go out; and
the different periods were fixed when the
various officers would go out of office. I think
the case is entirely analogous to the one we
have before us. It is no new legislation—noth-
ing extraojdinary to declare that certain per-
sons in office shall go out of office. Some time
certainly should be fixed when these persons
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior
should go out of office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that
the Senator is mistaken. Those earliest ap-
pointed by the act of May ]£, 1820, go out of
office first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will read
it through he will see that he is mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read it:
"All such commissions bcarin? date on or before
the 30th day of September, 1S14"—
That is the earliest date.
"shall cease and expire on the day and month of
their respective dates, which shall next ensue after
the 30th day of September next."
That is 1820.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is right. That is
the first time.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
"All such commissions bearing date after the said
SGth day of September, in the year 1814, and before
, the 1ft day of October, 1810. shall cease and expire on
j the day and month of their respective dates, which
shall next ensue after tho 30th day of September,
1821."
That is a later year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, read the rest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. .
"And all other such commissions shall cease and
expire at the expiration of the term of four years
from their respective dates."
