1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
ing in this Republic since I have had the honor
to occupy a place in this Senate Chamber.
History furnishes no illustration of so impor-
tant an occasion as this is in determinining to
undertake to solve a great and solemn propo-
sition ; and why, if we be Senators, consultors,
having charged upon us the duty of wisely con-
sidering and wisely consulting as to the best
interests of the Republic, may we not consult
about these great interests? That was the idea
of our Republic and the idea of the old repub-
lics, and when it is abandoned there will be no
republics. When there is no conservative body
in a republican Government that can consider
carefully and well great questions of State,
then it belongs either to the mob or the usurper.
These are simple truths, written down by
the pen of history, and known to all men who
have read and studied carefully the lessons fur-
nished to us by the past ages. There seems to
me something like what may be termed im-
pertinence—not impudence, but impertinence
—in this, that we here, Senators, claiming not
to be fully informed upon the present condition
of things, should on a single day have thrust
upon us the gravest considerations that gov-
ern States and involve the condition of a great
nation, and be denied the opportunity of care-
ful, exact, and full consideration. Under sueh
circumstances this is not a Senate where men
meet together to consult for the welfare of the
nation, but simply a place where men meet to
carry out particular plans and accomplish per-
sonal and particular motives irregardful of the
great interests of Government, which always
lie in full consultation with all the elements
that belong to Government and that have a
right to go into consultation._ This precipitate
urging of questions of great import has struck
me as very strange. It has struck me as more
than that, as one of the elements of the decay
of true republican institutions in our Republic;
for when the conservative body of the Govern-
ment, which is the Senate, refuses carefully to
consult upon great and grave public questions,
but refers them to committees and to caucuses,
the time is approaching when another Cicero
may denounce another Cataline in the Capi-
tol. I have hoped, and I have hoped with sin-
cere earnestness, that all these grave questions
would be gravely and carefully considered upon
full consultation with contact of mind, for " as
iron sharpeneth iron, so doth the countenance
of a man his friend." The contact of opinion
brings forth new opinions and develops the
truth, and by just and fair antagonisms, if you
please, we might develop what was the right.
W e are none of us right. No man dare say that
he is right. That belongs to the Supreme alone.
The best man is he who most seeks to under-
stand and comprehend the right, and he does
it best who confers with his fellow-men and with
■ the best instruction, and best consultation and
best consideration, not relying upon himself
alone, comes to a conclusion, after consid-
ering all the elements that exist among- men,
independent of superior force, and is able to
comprehend the truth of any given proposition
involved in government. Of all the propositions
of philosophy and science those involved in gov-
ernment are the most intricate, the most diffi-
cult ; and when persons undertake absolutely
to affirm that this shall be the law and this the
rule, and this shall.be established, who have
never themselves learned the .first lesson of
philosophy, who have never learned the first
lesson of history, who have not understood the
first lesson of science, 1, at least, would en-
deavor to inform them upon some few simple
things. There is a disposition to assume con-
clusions about governments without considera-
tion ; to understand local governments without
any particular knowledge; to understand the
conditions of things abroad from themselves
without any knowledge of them ; to assert pol-
icies and to execute policies. And this will
be found to be infinitely mischievous.
I know well that what I say now is the full
conviction of manygentlemen of the majority;
but why hasten grave conclusions till you have
somewhat investigated? Look before you leap.
There is a disposition here to take the chance
of jumping into the abyss, thinking they may
jump over it. It would be well to consider
whether your limbs are strong enough, and
whether your muscles are well enough to clear
the distance. '
That is as much as I care to remark on this
particular question, but I maintain my reserve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Howard, Lane, Pomeroy, Sprague,
Sumner, Wade, and Yates—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Fogg, Frelinghuy-
sen, Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, MoDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Ramsey, Boss,
Saulsbury, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—25. .
ABSENT—Messrs.Anthony. Brown, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Grimes,
Guthrie, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton,
Nye, Riddle, Sherman, and Trumbull—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is an amendment now
in order as a substitute for the entire bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amendments
are in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to offer a sub-
stitute for the entire bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substi-
tute can be received, but the first question will
be on the amendment now pending, the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Maryland
no qmpttflp^
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make the point of
order that" the Senator cannot offer a substitute
for the entire bill when the Senate has already
stricken out certain clauses and words and
inserted others. It is in effect to strike out
what has already been prat in.
Mr. HENDERSON. That can be done. I
understand that anything which has been al-
ready adopted can be stricken out in connection
with other words.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not until we come into
the Senate; we are now in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better have
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
read; I should like to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us understand precisely
how the order of business is. I take it the
question is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland as amended. The Senator from
Missouri moves a substitute for the whole bill
by way of amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is not in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is an amendment
in the second degree only; a substitute is an
amendment. I move to strike out the whole
bill, including all amendments adopted, and
insert a substitute. It is clearly in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be m
order when the pending amendments shall have
been acted on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the point I make is
this: after the Senate has deliberately inserted
words into the bill in different parts of the bill,
is it in order then by one sweeping proposition
to strike all that out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is m order
to strike it all out.
Mr. SUMNER. Before we proceed to the
reading of the substitute, I wish to remark on
the pending amendment, which, of course, is
still onen to further amendment 
The* PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is open to amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean the amendment
introduced by the Senator from Maryland, who
is not in his seat. I have already made one
or two motions with regard to it. I have sev-
eral other motions to make with regard to it,
but I shall not make them to-mght. I shall
make them to-morrow, nerhaps, if the amend-
ment shall be adopted by the Senate. I shall
move them in that event at the next stage of
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose we allunderstand
that it is in our power to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland
as well as to amend the original bill. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] has an
amendment to move to that amendment, and
I have no doubt he will have an opportunity to
offer it. I want now, however, to hear the
amendment proposed as a substitute for the
entire bill read.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
it read.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator has made sev-
eral changes in the text of the bill which is
the basis of his substitute, as I have seeu him
go through every page of it, and no doubt Jie
has improved it. I want to hear it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let it be read.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
how many pages it covers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substi;
tute proposed by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] will be read.
The Secretary commenced the reading.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question of
order. This is a measure altogether foreign to
the bill pending, not germane to the subject-
matter, but a different measure entirely, and
not a proper amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated that the amendment would be read for
the information of the Senate. Does the
Senator object to its being read?
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the reading is fur-
ther proceeded with, I desire to ask the Senator
who offered the proposition whether it is what
is known as the Louisiana bill with some modi-
fication.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, with various
modifications.
Mr. STEWART. Applied to all the States?
Mr. HENDERSON. Applied to all the
States.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I object to its being
read, if an objection will prevent it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When ob-
jection is made to the reading of a paper, the
rules provide that the question shall be sub-
mitted to the Senate and decided without
debate. Is it the pleasure of the Senate to
continue the reading of this amendment?
The question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the
reading of the words proposed to be inserted
by Mr. Henderson, as follows:
That the President of the United States shall nomi-
nate, and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate appoint, a provisional governor tor the btate
of Louisiana, who shall hold his office for one year,
unless sooner removed by the President, by ana with
the advicc and consent of the Senate, or unless sooner
superseded by a successor elected under the^ pro-
visions of this act. Such Governor, so appointed,
shall have attained tho age of thirty years, shall he a
citizen of the United States and of the State of Louisi-
ana. He shall not have held any ofoce whatever
under the government*of the so-called confederate
States, nor of any State "which recognized tho author-
ity of such pretended government. He shall not have
signed, voted for, or by speech or otherwise favored
the act of secession of any State, nor shall he be any
person who has ever held any office in the Army or
Kavy of the United States, and who afterward took
an oath to support the said pretended government;
nor shall he be a person who was a member ol either
House of the Congress of the United States alter'the
first Monday in December, A. D. 1860, and who after-
ward took an oath to support tho said pretended
government: nor shall he oe one who has borne arms
against the Government of the United States, or who
has in any way given aid, counsel, countenance, or
encouragement to the late rebellion; but shall oe on©
who has at all times borne true faith and .aH|§nance
" to the Government of the United States. And before
such nomination shall be actcd upon by
such nominee shall make the same o^k/^ich shall
be signed and filed with the Secretary
prescribed by tho act of July 2, which oath
done noactli^uaUfication.for
?hTSa4eCTuaimcftions as aProhe%n p^ribedto
