1 mf.
globe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me asktheSenator,
suppose a person was appointed on the 1st of
November, 1866, when wonld he gb out of
office?
Mr. FESSENDEN. But-the obvious intent
of the law is to make those first appointed go
out first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is,as to part of them;
but the Senator will'see it is not the case as to
those appointed after October, 1816.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It goes up to 1820.
There might possibly be a few, but the most of
them would hold over for a still longer period.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some of them, but the
principle is in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The. principle is that
those first appointed should first go out of office
clearly, because otherwise tyhy did they post-
pone the second class after the first class; and
even there the great majority of them Would
come in the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But some of them would
not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is possible a few
might not, but it is obvious that that is the
principle of the bill; whereas the principle here
is to make a few recently appointed' go out
anyhow and leave the rest in. However, I care
nothing about it, and as it is one o'clock and I
wish to take up the tariff bill I will withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays and take the
question on a division, and settle it one way or
the "other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call for
the yeas and nays can be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent only. Is there any objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; let the ques-
tion be taken by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate reconsider its vote concur-
ring with the House of Representatives in
amending this bill. Those who are in favor
of reconsidering will as their names are called
''answer "yea."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was there any objec-
tion to the call for the yeas and nays being
withdrawn ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
so understood; but the Chair will put the
question again. The Senator from Maine, on
whose call the yeas and nays were ordered,
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate to
withdraw that call. Is there any objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made, and the call cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. WILLEY. As the yeas and nays are to
be taken I desire to state that my colleague
[Mr. Van* Wixkle] has been detained from his
seat for several days by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 24: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan. Dixon, TJoolit-
tle, Fessenden, Foster, Hendricks, Johnson, Morrill,
Nesmith,Norton, Patterson, Saulsbury, Willey, and
Williams—15. ■>
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Creswcll, Edmunds, Fogg, Powler, Fre-
linghuyscn. Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morgan, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart,Sumner, Trumbull,andWilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Guthrie. How-
ard, McDousall, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Ross, Van Winkle, Wade, and Yates—13.
So the motion to reconsider was rejected.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution : which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Remitted, That one thousand extra copies of the
message of the President, with the accompanying
documents on the subject of the Paris Exhibition, be
provided for the use of the Senate, and two thousand
copies for the use of the Department of State.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following
resolution; which was. referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of
the report of Admiral Davis, of the Naval Observa-
tory, on inter-oceanic canals and raiiroadsbe printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following
resolution; which "was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report
of J. Rbss Brf>wne to the Treasury Department of
the statistic? of mines and Brining be printed for the
use of the Senate;
THE T A KIEF BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill {H. R. No. 718)
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; and that bill is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The
reading of the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance will be proceeded with from
the point where the reading terminated last
evening.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the reading is
proceeded with I desire to go back and make
a few amendments. The first is on page 81,
in line one hundred and fifty-nine of section
seven. The committee have ascertained that
raising the duties so much on iron and not
raising them on wood-screws has had the effect
to make the duty on iron so large that it affords
no protection whatever on the screws, and
therefore I move in line one hundred and
fifty-nine to strike out '1 eight" and insert
" nine and in line one hundred and sixty to
strike out "eleven" and insert "twelve;" so
as to make the clause read:
On screws, commonly called wood-screws, two inches
or over in length, nine cents per pound; less than two
inches in length, twelve cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-six of
section nine, page 42, "a half" should be
"one quarter of a;" so as to read:
On arsenious acid, one quarterofa cent per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 44, after line
seventy-three of that section, I move to insert:
On crude aniline oil, ten per cent, advalorem.
The amendment to the amendment wks
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, in line seventy-
five I move to strike out " and on aniline."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 47, line one
hundred and fifty-seven of section nine, I
move to strike out the word '' and'' after
"potassium," and after "sodium" to insert
"and of ammonium; " so as to read:
On bromide of potassium, of sodium, and of ammo-
nium, sixty-five cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the same page I
move to strike out lines one hundred ana sixty-
three to one hundred and sixty-six, inclusive,
of that section, as follows:
On corrosive sublimate, cyanide, and iodide of mer-
cury, red oxide of mercury, red precipitate, and all
salts and preparations of mercury, not otherwise
herein provided for, fifteen cents per pound.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
On corrosive sublimate and red oxide of mercury
or red precipitate, fifteen cents per pound.
On all salts andpreparationsof mercury, not other-
wise herein provided for, twenty per cent, ad vidorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
from line two hundred and thirty-three, on
page 50, to line two hundred and fifty-six, on
page 51, inclusive, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following, which is a better arranged class-
ification :
On extract of cannabis indica, or Indian hemp, or
gunjah, opium.when strictly an officinal extract for
medical use, $i 50 per pound.
On extracts of eolocynth, colocyntu compound,
eubebs, ipecacuanha, jalap, nux vomica, and rhu-
barb, two dollars per pound.
On ©xtractof aconite, arnica, belladonna, calumba
or calumbo, chamomile or anthemis, colchicum, coni-
um, oicuta or hemlock, digitalis or fox glove, helle-
bore, humuVus or haps.hyocyamus.papaver or poppy,
quassia,, rhatany, stramonium, taraxacum or dande-
lion, and valerian, one dollar per poujxL
On extracts of duleamara or bitter sweet, gentmn,
butter-nuts, lettuce, and squill, fifty cents per pound.
On lactuoarium, two dollars pound.
On extracts of cinchona or Peruvian barks, $3 £0
per pound. '
On extract of elaterium, or elaterium, sixty cents
per ounce.
On all medicinal extracts not otherwise nerein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 57, line four
hundred and fourteen of section nine? after tl^e
words " bene oil" I move to insert " and* on
cotton-seed ojl j" so as to read:
On Unseed, flaxseed, kemp-seed, and rape-seed oft
and on oil of sesame dr bene oil, and ota cotton-seed
oil, twenty-three cents per gallon.
The amendment the Amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 61, line five
hundred and four of section nine, I move to
strike Out the words "all extracts and" at
the end of the line ; so as to read:
On opium prepared for smoking, fond on other
preparations of opium, not otherwise herein pro-
vided for, one hundred per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 751 move to
strike out lines one hundred and eighteen, one
hundred and nineteen, and one hundred and
twenty of section ten, and to insert in lieu of
the following:
On manufactures of ivory, bone, horn, wood,
leather. India-rubber, gutta percha for umbrellas,
parasols, canes, whi^s, and furniture trimmings,
forty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment wis
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the words " and statuary " in line one hundred
and fifty-three of that section, page 76. The
subject-matter is provided for in another place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines one hundred and ninety-eight, one hun-
dred and ninety-nine, and two hundred of that
scetion, on page 78, and in lieu of them to
insert:
On plaits, braids, flats, lace trimmings, spray tis-
sues, willow sheets, anu syu^rcs, used for making or
ornamenting hats, bonnets, caps, and hoods, and not
further manufactured, composed of straw, chip, grass,
palm-leaf, willow, or any other vegetable substanje,
or of hair or whalebone, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines two hundred and eleven, two hundred
and twelve, and two hundred and thirteen of
that section, on page 78, and insert in lieu, of
them:
On umbrella and parasol sticks, frames, tips, run-
ners, stretchers, handles, orother parts thereof, when
made in whole or'in chief part of iron, steel, or any
other metal, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert be-
tween lines seventy-five and seventy-six of
section eleven, on page 82, as a new para-
graph :
On glass demijohns of one gallon contents capacity
or less, ten cents per demijohn; over one gallon
capacity and not over three gallons, seven cents p.er
gallon; over three gallons five cents per gallon.
On carboys for each gallon contents capacity five
cents.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSISNDEN. I move to strike out
the proviso on page 90, beginning with line
twenty-seven of section fifteen to line thirty-
five, inclusive, in these words:
Provided. That loss of quantity of the fruits above-
named by decay on the voyage shall be admitted
when such loss shall be of full packages -or ©ther
separable portions: and on oranges and lemons hi
box loss of quantity may bo allowed where suen loss
reaches thirty-threo per cent, of the quantity m tne
boxes, such loss being certified by the appraisers of
damage: but no other loss or damage siiali be al-
lowed in abatement of duty.
The amendment to the amendment was
I agreed to.
