28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
First Lieutenant and Brevet Lieutenant Col-
onel A. 0. Vincent, arrived at Fort Vancouver
(where it is now stationed) from department of
California.
Since my return, on September 19. Captain
J. H. Walker, fourteenth infantry, commanding
at Camp C. F. Smith, Oregon, informs me that
on September 12, he, with fourteen men of his
command, made a scout to the headwaters of
Trent creek ; they discovered and broke up a
camp, destroying large supplies of berries,
seeds, provisions, &c. The Indians, twenty-
five or thirty in number, became informed of
their movements and escaped, leaving their
fires still burning. The captain desisted from
following them as night was coming on and
he was a long distance from any aid or as-
sistance. Fifty mounted men (infantry) are
now out on a scout from Fort Klamath, Ore-
gon, after a band of hostile Indians. Some
Indian scouts have been employed at Camp
Watson, and in the district of Bois£. Lieuten-
ant WillianrBorrowe, second artillery, detailed
on recruiting service, has been ordered to the
Warm Springs and Umatilla reservations, to
enroll the complement of the one hundred
«eouts apportioned to this department. Re-
cruiting for the eighth regiment of cavalry is
progressing very .-lowly in this department.
Recruits will probably be made more rapidly
as winter approaches. I think the recruiting
service here has been injured by the action of
the Legislature of (>regon to raise volunteers
for service in ihat. State. I was consulted by
Governor Woods in relation to calling out the
volunteers. I expressed my disapproval of
such proceeding without the sanction of the
War Department, and gave it as my opinion
that the General Government would not defray
the expense- of volunteers called out without
proper au.horitv. The exigencies of the case
do not seem to demand such action on the part
of the S'a*e authorities. The classof men who
would en'i-t prefer entering the volunteer ser-
vice. and they will not enlist in the regular
service so long as there is a prospect of volun-
teers being called into service. Assoonas<he
organizations now in this department are filled
up. and those which are expected arrive, it is
believed that there will be troops enough to
br::ig the hostile Indians to terms in a reason-
ab.e length of time. It is intended to continue
operalionsagainst these Indians during,the win-
ter, and for that puipose winter camps have
been established in ttieir haunts. The troops
in pursuing the Indians have, perhaps, driven
them into the settlements sometimes, but this
cannot be avoided. The incloscd list and map
will show the locations of the different station s,
and the number of troops at each, according
to the present arrangement. As soon as the
reports from the diflerent scouting parties ihat
have been out for some time are received, the
result will be reported.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
your obedient servant, p gjjrgLg
Major General Commanding.
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel R. N. Scott, Assist-
ant Adjutant General, Headquarters Mili-
tary Division of the Pacific, San Francisco,
California.
Report of Major General George G. Meade.
Headquarters Department of the East,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
October 12, 18t>G.
General: I have tha honor .to submit for
the information of the general commanding in
chief the following succinct report of military
operations in my command during the present
year:
At the commencement of the year my com-
mand was the military division of the Atlantic, >
composed of the department of the East, the 1
Middle department, and the departments of I
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. I
The only movements of any consequence
were those made on the northern frontier with
a view to enforce the neutrality laws. Early
in April a dispatch was received from the hon-
orable Secretary of War. transmitting one from
the collector at Eastport, Maine, reporting the
concentration at that place of large numbers
of strangers, believed to belong to the Fenian
organization, and assembled with a view to
organizing an expedition against the Province
of New Brunswick. At this time there was
only one company of artillery at Eastport. I
immediately ordered three additional com-
panies from the nearest posts, and repaired
myself to Eastport. On my arrival I found
the collector, under the instructions of the
Treasury Department, had seized a vessel
loaded with arms and ammunition.
Being satisfied of the illegal character of
the expedition, I confirmed the seizure of the
arms, placed them in charge of the command-
ing officer at Eastport, and-gave notice publicly
that no violation of the neutrality laws would
be permitted. These measures had the effect
of causing the expedition to be abandoned,
and the men composing it to return to their
homes.
The arms seized were offered to the indi-
vidual claiming them on condition of his giving
security that they would not be employed in
any illegal enterprise. This offer has not as
yet been accepted, and the arms are still under
military custody at Eastport. On the disper-
sion of the expedition the troops ordered to
Eastport were returned to their former sta-
tions.
During the month of May several reports
were received indicating the deposits of arms
and collections of men at various points on the
frontier of New York and Vermont. These
reports, as received, were transmitted to Major
General Hooker, commanding department of
the East, with instructions to investigate them,
to seiae all the arms and munitions of war,
where there was evidence of their being des-
tined for illegal use, and to take all necessary
measures to preserve the neutrality as far as
the means within his control admitted.
On the 1st of June, while at West Point, I
received official information of the crossing
at Buffalo. New York, of an armed body of
Fenians: at the same time information was
received of the concentration of large forces in
the vicin'iv of Ogdensburg, New York, and
St. Aloans. Vermont. I at once directed Major
General Hooker to send all the available force
in his department to the frontier, and pro-
ceeded myself to Buffalo. On my arrival at
Buffalo, orl the !5d instant, I found that the
armed men who had crossed were captured by
the Fnited States steamer Michigan on their
attempting to return the night previous, and
being sari-tied the movement at Buffalo was a
feint. 1 left that place on the evening of the 3d,
and reached Ogdensburg the next day, the 4th
of .lune.
On my arrival at Ogdensburg I learned of
the concentration of large forces at Malone,
New York, and at St. Albans, Vermont. Find-
ing the small force at my command inadequate
to prevent a crossing, I directed my subordi-
nate commanders to station their commands to
the rear, on the main lines of travel, and issued
the most stringent orders for the seizure of all
arms and munitions of war, and directed the
stopping and turning back of all suspected par-
tics. These duties were successfully executed,
large quantities of arms and munitions being
seized at various points. No opposition was
offered, except in one instance, when an armed
party of Fenians seized, at Watertown, New
York, a locomotive, and proceeded to Cape
Vincent, and there recaptured two car loads of
arms which had been sent there for security
after seizure by the deputy marshal at Water-
town. On learning these facts, I dispatched
Major J. Stewart, commanding three compa-
nies of artillery, in a special train to intercept
the Fenians on their return ; but the latter',
learning of Major Stewart's movement, aban-
doned the train with the arms, and escaped by
scattering over the adjacent country.
On the necessary authority being received
from the War Department, and the appearance
of the President's proclamation on the cth of
June, I ordered the arrest of the principal
leaders at St. Albans and Malone, and issued
a proclamation commanding the dispersion of
the assemblages at these places, and offering
transportation to their homes to such of the
men as would abandon the expedition. These
measures had the effect to suppress the expe-
dition, no effort being made to cross except
that of a small inefficiently armed body under
a General Spear, who crossed the boundary
line near Franklin, Vermont, and remained
for a day on the other side in the vicinity of
the line, recrossing on the advance of the Brit-
ish troops. The expedition being abandoned,
the men returned to their homes, mostly fur-
nished transportation by the Government. This
was deemed the most expedient course, for
though the conduct of the men composing the
expedition had, up to the time of its abandon-
ment, been most exemplary, it was feared so
largo a body, estimated as high as ten thou-
sand, if left on the frontier without means of
return, would become riotous and disorderly,
requiring, to preserve the peace, the calling
out the militia, which I was anxious to avoid
on the ground of economy, as well as other
reasons. After the men composing the expe-
dition had all been sent home, the troops were
returned to their former station. Brevet Major
General Barry, who had been specially assigned
to duty by the General commanding-iii-chief,
was, by orders from these headquarters, left in
general charge of the troops remaining on the
northern frontier. The report of General
Barry, commanding at Buffalo, as well as that
of Major Gibson, third artillery, commanding
at St. Albans, are herewith appended.
On the Oth of August General Orders No.
59, Adjutant General's Office, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, abolished the military divis-
ion of the Alantic, and I was assigned to the
command of the department of the East. Since
the date of that order there has not been any
movement of troops. The troops, consisting
of the first and third regiments of artillery,
and six companies of the fourth infantry, are
stationed from Erie, Pennsylvania, to Platts-
btirg, New York, on the northern frontier, and
from Eastport, Maine, to Fort Delaware. Dela-
ware, on the Atlantic coast.
A recent personal inspection of the depart-
ment showed the troops to be in commendable
order and condition. The distribution of regi-
ments into one and two-company posts is not,
however, conducive to efficiency and discipline ;
and it is to be hoped the recent increase of the
Army authorized by law will permit of the con-
centration at least of regiments, so neces«arv
to preserve the esprit and proper military tone
of both officers and men.
' Very respectfullv, your obedient servant,
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United States Army.
Brevet Major General E. D. Townsend, Assist-
ant Adjutant General United States Army.
Report of Major General P. H. Sheridan.
Headquarters Department of titr Gtif,
New Orleans, Louisiana.
Xorernber 14, lS'i'l.
General: I have the honor to transmit here-
with the report called for by the General-in-
Chief, in his letter to me of October l-~<ri.
I am, very respectfullv^ vour obi-d.em servant,
P. II. SIIEiliDAN,
Major General United States Army.
Brevet Major General J. A. Raw: ins.
Chief of Stuff, Washington, D. C.
