634
3BE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 94 I move to
strike out lines thirty-one and thirty-two of
section sixteen, and in lien of them to insert':
Qn fill cabinet wares, cabinet and house furniture
finished, writing and toilet cases, work-boxes, orna-
mental and mantel eloeks? all carved or other wood
whether inlaid or embellished with paintings, not
herein otherwise provided for, forty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
The amendment to the' amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary may
now proceed with the reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the amendment of the Committee on
Finance reported as a substitute, where it ter-
minated last evening, will now be resumed.
The Secretary read section nineteen of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the importation of the
articles mentioned and embraced in this section shall
be absolutely prohibited; and if imported or pre-
sented for entry in any collection district of the
United States shall be declared forfeited, and shall
be forfeited and disposed of as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct.
First. False or counterfeit money, or plates or
dies for printing the same.
Second. Indecent or obscene books, prints, paint-
ings, photographs, cards, lithographs, engravings, or
any other indecent or obscene articles.
Three. Articles of foreign manufacture, and any
package of such articles bearing any names, brands,
marks, or devices, being or purporting to be the
names, brands, marks, or devices of any manufac-
turer or producer residing in the United States.
Four. Fire-crackers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line four, after the
word " imported," I move to strike out the
words " or presented for entry.'9
The- amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After "UnitedStates,'1
in line sixteen, at the end of item " three," I
move to insert:
Unless authorized by such manufacturer or pro-
ducer, of which fact proof satisfactory to the collector
shall be presented.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After "fire-crackers,"
in line seventeen, I move to insert the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That all fire-crackers actually placed
on ship-board prior to the 1st day of May, 1867, for
exportation to the United States from the country
where manufactured, shall be admitted to entry on
payment of the rates of duty established by law at
the time of the passage of this act: And provided
further, That fire-crackers may be imported and
bonded for shipment or reexportation to foreign
countries.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Section twenty of the Substitute was next
read, as follows:
Sec. 20 And be it further enacted, That in all cases
of claims for return of duties on imports on account
of damages occurring on the voyage of importation,
where the damage so determined under existing laws
shall exceed twenty-five percent, of the value of the
merchandise damaged, the same shall be sold at pub-
lic auction by the collector, under the same condition
as now regulate the sale of imported merchandise by
the collectors of customs, and the amount of damage
awarded shall be determined by such sale; the sound
value of the merchandise to be determined by the
appraiser of damage: Provided, That when, in the
judgment of the collector, the public interest require
it, the said sale may be made by the importer after
due and sufficient notice; and in such case the report
of said sale shall be made to the collector, and shall
be attested by the importer, on oath, as being bona
fide to the highest bidder.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line two the words
" allowance of" should be inserted before the
word •' return," and in line three the word
"damages" should be "damage;" so as to
read:
That in all cases of claims for allowance of return
of duties on imports on account of damage occurring,
<tc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections wiM be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN; In line eight I move to
strike out the word "imported" before "mer-
chandise," and to insert "unclaimed."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eleven I move
to strike out the words " appraiser of dam-
age," and to insert " duly authorized officer
or officers of customs."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirteen, after
the words "sale-may be made," I move to
insert "atauction."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines fifteen and
sixteen I move to strike out the words "and
shall be attested by the importer, on oath, as
being," and to insert " with satisfactory proof,
on oath, to the collector that sueh sale has been.''
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-one of
the substitute, as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 1st day of April, 1867, there shall be allowed
on the following articles, when exported, adrawback
equal to the amount of duty paid on the imported
materials used in the manufacture thereof, less five
per cent, on the amount of such drawback, which
shall be retained for the use of the United States;
and such drawback shall be ascertained in accord-
ance with regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, namely: on mowing machines,
reaping machines, ploughs, axes, hatchets, scythes,
cotton-gins, shovels, spades, hoes, hay and manure
forks, chisels, augers, and carpenters' tools.
The Secretary read section twenty-two of
the substitute, as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That on and after
the 1st day of April, 1867, there shall be allowed and
paid a drawback equal in amount to the import duty
paid on all iron, copper, and cordage, which shall be
wrought up into the construction of sailing vessels
of the United States, or used in repairing vessels of
foreign build, documented in conformity with the
provisions of the act of 23d December, 1852, less five
per cent, on the amount of such drawback, which
shall be retained for the use. of the United States
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe: Provided, That the word iron as
herein used shall not be construed to include any
manufactured article of iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line four I move to
strike out the words "iron, copper, and cord-
age," and to insert "lumber, hemp, manila,
copper, and upon all iron not advanced in
manufacture beyond bars, rods, and bolts."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five, after the
word "construction," I move to insert "rig-
ging or equipment," and after the word "sail-
ing" to insert " or steam;" so as to read:
Which shall be wrought up into the construction,
rigging, or equipment of sailing or steam vessels of
the United States, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the proviso at the end of the section in these
words:
Provided, That the word iron as herein used shall
not be construed to include any manufactured arti-
cle of iron.
Thatis struck out, because we have provided
for it by other words, which render the proviso
unnecessary.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-three of
the substitute, as follows :
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That any goods,
wares, or merchandise imported into the United
States, upon which an ad valorem duty is imposed by
law, may be taken by the United States upon the pay-
ment to the consignee thereof of the dutiable value
of such goods, wares, or merchandise as stated by the
invoice thereof at the place of exportation, and in
addition to such invoice value ten per cent, thereof
and the freight, insurance, and charges to the place
of importation. That it shall be the duty of the col-
lector of the port of importation of any of such goods,
wares, or merchandise, whenever in his opinion such
goods, wares, or merchandise are undervalued to an
amount equal to ten per cent, of the invoiced value
thereof, to take possession of such goods, wares, or
merchandise as theproperty of the United States, and
to sell the same under such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
And to ascertain such undervaluation he shall cause
full and detailed inventory and valuation to be made,
a copy whereof shall be delivered to the said con-
signee. And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to pay sueh consignee the said dutiable
value, and ten per cent, thereof, and thesaid freight,
insurance, and charges, in coiu, out of any money iu
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and for
such purpose a sum sufficient is hereby appropriated.
And the Secretary of the Treasury Is required to re-
port to Congress annually the several seizures and
sales made under this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five I move to
strike out the word "dutiable," before the
word "value," and to insert "entered or de-
clared;" and in line seven to strike out the
word "invoice" before th® word "value."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. Those cor* ■
rections will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After section twenty-
three I move to insert two new sections, to be
sections twenty-four and twenty-five:
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted. That a discrimi-
nating duty of ten per cent, ad valorem, in addition
to the duties imposed by law, shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise which on and after the day this act shall take
effect shall be imported in ships or vessels not of the
United States: Provided, That this discriminating
duty shall not apply to goods, wares, and merchan-
dise which shall be imported On and after the day this
act takes effect in ships or vessels not of the United
States, entitled by treaty or by any act or acts of Con-
gress to be entered in the ports of the United States,
on payment of the same duties as shall then be ©aid
on goods, wares, and merchandise imported in ships
or vessels of the United States.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the day and year this act shall take effect, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on all goods, wares,
and merchandise of the growth or produce of coun-
tries east of the Cape of Good Hope, except raw cot-
ton, when imported from places west of the Cape of
Good Hope, a duty of ten per cent, ad valorem in ad-
dition to the duties imposed on any articles when
imported directly from the place or places of their
growth or production: Provided, That said duty of
ten per cent, shall not apply to goods, wares, and
merchandise exempt from duty."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Secretary read the twenty-fourth [twenty-
sixth] and last section of the substitute, as fol-
lows :
Skc. [24] 26. Andbcitfurther enactcd* That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act, shall, on and after day of be repealed:
Provided, That the existing laws shall extend to and
be in force for the collection of the duties imposed by
this act for the prosecution and punishment of all
offenses, and for the recovery, collection, distribu-
tion, and remission of all fines, penalties, and for-
feitures, as fully and effectually as if every regula-
tion, penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter,
and thing to thateffectin theexistinglawseontaincd
had been inserted in, and reenacted by this act: And
provided further, That all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise in bond, or in bonded warehouses, on which
duties have not been paid, shall, after this law takes
effect, pay all the rates of duty imposed by this act.
Mr, FESSENDEN: T move to fill the blank
with the " 1st day of April, 1867."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not hear distinctly
the last amendment which was read, imposing
a differential duty on articles imported from
beyond the Cape of Good Hope.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the same provis-
ion we have in ortr existing laws.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the differential duty
applied on cotton ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everything. I presume.
Mr. ANTHONY. That has been left off
two or three times by temporary provisions, as
the Senator will recollect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can bring
that matter up by and by, by an amendment to
the section, and in the mean time lie can see
what the law is on the subject. I hardly know
whether it applies to Surat cotton or not; but
perhaps there is no reason why that should be
excepted. The exception existed during the
war, I know.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is good reason
for it now if the provision applies to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are one or two
blanks to be filled. In the first line of the first
section of the amendment I move to insert " 1st
day of April, 1867."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be so filled in order to make it correspond
with the close of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the same amend-
ment in line one hundred and eleven of section
one, page 5.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The blank
will be so filled there for the same reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are no other
amendments of the committee.
