1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, the import-
ance of the bill now under consideration over-
comes my reluctance to trespass upon the time
of the Senate, and induces me to attempt the
expression of the general views which govern
me in advocating the principles upon which the
bill is founded. In the statement of these
views I shall not, at this period of the discus-
sion, enter into an examination of the details
of the bill, as to which there may be differences
of opinion even among those who favor its gen-
eral principles.
In most, if not all civilized countries, the
needs of the Government under ordinary cir-
cumstances are provided for mainly from im-
port duties, this being the easiest and surest
and least objectionable form of raising rev-
enue. But the principles upon which these
duties should be levied have given rise to much
discussion among both practical statesmen and
scholars who have written upon political econ-
omy. The extreme views are held on the one
band by the advocates of free trade in its full-
est sense as a rule applicable to all nations and
under all circumstances, and on the other hand,
by those protectionists whose views, if logically
carried out, would end in absolute prohibition.
In my judgment the truth here, as in so many
other cases, lies in the middle ground.
In the consideration of the subject before us
it might be interesting and instructive to trace
the rise and progress of the doctrine of pro-
tection to home industry in the kingdom of
Great Britain, which has risen to be the greatest
% manufacturing country in the world; a doctrine
pushed at some periods even in the present
century to the point of actual prohibition, and
stubbornly maintained until the development
of England's resources and industry enabled
her to produce more cheaply than any other
nation. But I will not consume the time of
the Senate in any such extended reyiew of
this history, but content myself at this point,
with saying that the principle of protection to
home industry was recognized and applied in
Great Britain during the last century and a
half until all industrial pursuits had been so
stimulated and capital so much increased and
cheapened that foreign competition was no
longer feared. As a single illustration, the
duties on iron were raised by Parliament
fifteen times in a period of little over a century,
commencing about the year 1700; and so late
as a period within the memory of some who
hear me, 1819, the import duty on certain
kinds of small iron was £20 per ton, and on
hoop £23 15s., the one a little under, and the
other something over $100 per ton! Other
illustrations might be given if it were neces-
sary, but the fact that England's policy was
1 that of protection during this period is familiar
to you all.
This decided, unwavering adherence to the
doctrine of protection, sternly enforced by the
British Parliament and made.effective by the
adoption so far as practicable of specific instead
of advalorem duties, builtupEngland'ssuprem-
acy in iron making, rapidly developed her re-
sources, stimulated her commerce, and added
immensely to her wealth. The results vindi-
cated the wisdom and sagacity of her statesmen
in the adoption of the system of protection,
when such protection was needed to encourage
and develop her infant manufactures, until she
was able to compete with and in fact surpass
all other nations \tf producing cheaply the more
important of the manufactures required in
civilized countries. Nay, more, Great Britian
influenced by these views of the protective
policy, even ignored the admitted principles of
political economy (if there be any settled prin-
ciples of the so-called science) by excessive
import duties on food. By the adoption of a
sliding scale, she virtually prohibited importa-
tions until the price of wheat grown upon her
own soil should reach the extreme figures of
eighty shillings per quarter, (about $2 50 per
bushel,) and it was not until the serious failure
of the crops in 1846, resulting in the great
famine, that this unnecessary burden was lifted
from the backs of the toiling millions. It should
be observed, however, that this protection of
the agricultural interests stimulated high cult-
ure until the improved husbandry brought the
production up to its maximum point, and in
some degree compensated for the evils always
resulting from excessive import duties upon
food.
And now the object of protection having
been gained in Great Britain by the encour-
agement of domestic competition, resulting in
ability to produce as cheaply as any other na-
tion, and needing a market for her surplus,
she naturally and wisely adopts as her interest
the doctrine of free trade, and while for more
than a century she barred the doors of her cus-
tom-house against the surplus of other countries,
she would now fain persuade other nations whose
conditions are similar to hers of the last cen-
tury rather than of the present that the doc-
trine is applicable to them.' I need scarcely
remind the Senate that the American nation is
the one above all others which the British
statesmen of th^ present day seem most anx-
ious to convert to their newly-discovered prin-
ciple in the laws of trade.
Our consul at Liverpool, a sagacious ob-
server, writes to a friend in Washington,
May 19:
" Great efforts will now be made by English capi-
talists and manufacturers to induce us to reduce our
tariff and permit them to do all our manufacturing.
They are beginning to stir this matter already. Our
warm personal friends wili be put forward fo move
the mattcr.such menasJohn Bright,GoldwinSmith,
and others, who have stood by us through this war.
I have seen decisive evidence of this purpose here.
They will struggle hard to break down our tariff;
there will be a terrible pressure put upon the Gov-
ernment."
We are well aware that the persistent, vig-
orous, and often unscrupulous efforts of British
manufacturers and capitalists " to break down
our tariff'' are for the selfish purpose of making
England the workshop of the world, thu3 ad-
vancing their own private interests; bnt the
character of the gentlemen here named, and of
others equally honored who share their views,
remove from them even the suspicion of un-
worthy and sordid motives. In my judgment,
however, the American people will honor them
far more for other things than for urging upon
us the adoption of a theory which, while it
would tend still further to develop ana increase
the manufacturing industry of their nation,
would be fatal to this interest in our own.
While we concede the wisdom of applying
the principles of free trade to their own coun-
try in its present condition, we contend that
they are not applicable to a country like ours,
that has yet to develop its manufactures and
needs precisely the protection that Great Brit-
ain needed under similar circumstances, and
which her law-givers had the sagacity and wis-
dom to give her.
Mr. President, the difficulties which surround
this question will be relieved if we consider
that nations, like individuals, require different
treatment at different periods of their lives.
There are periods when a nation requires for
its healthy development different systems of
treatment; s5 different that what is admirably
adapted to a nation in certain conditions would
be utterly ruinous in conditions that are dis-
similar. One of the ablest European writers
upon this subject, L. de Tegoborski, says:
" In political economy there are no absolute prin-
ciples applicable a-like to all countries, times, and
circumstances. Political economy is a science of
observation, consecrated by an examination of the
facts which manifest themselves in the creation of
wealth and of the causes by which they are pro-
duced." * * * '.'The study of social economy
iis a moral and political science must be guided and
corroborated by practite and experience."— Volume
i, p. 451.
I need not further dwell upon a point so
plain, nor would it be worth referring to at all
were it not evident that this fallacy has strangely
deceived so many, whose arguments for uni-
versal free trade amount to nothing whatever,
unless it be admitted that the same system is
applicable to all nations, in every condition
and in every degree of their development.
I do not propose to discuss the question
whether, in certain conditions of the world,
if free trade were universal, the world would
be the gainer. Most assuredly each individ-
ual nation would not be, if the experiment
were tried now when the conditions of nations
are so unequal. To test the principle fairly
every nation should start even with every other
nation, and as we are not here to legislate for
the world at large, but for the American Union,
it will be time enough for practical men to meet
this question when the world at large shall agree
to practice universal free trade. For myself
I do not expect such a system to be inaugu-
rated until we shall be many centuries nearer
that happy and blessed day when " the lion
shall lie down with the lamb."
Certainly we shall act the part of wisdom at
the present time and under our present cir-
cumstances, if instead of—
" To the fascination of a name
Surrendering judgment hoodwinked,"
or suffering ourselves to be captivated by the
alliteration of Tree speech, free press, free
trade, we address ourselves to the examination
of our actual condition and endeavor to ascer-
tain from the history of other nations that have
risen to wealth and power, and from the les-
sons taught by our own experience, what sys-
tem, not in conflict with national honor and
Christian principle, will most speedily and
surely secure to the nation progress, pros-
perity, and power.
This history teaches us, as I have already
observed, that England had a protective policy
for centuries, during which her condition re-
sembled ours at present in many respects ; and
that this policy, supported by Cromwell, Wal-
pole, and Chatham, resulted in making her the
greatest manufacturing nation upon the earth.
It is also worthy of observation that it was not
until the year 1840 that any change of note was
made in the British policy, long after her man-
ufactories had arrived at a point that enabled
her to defy the world. Even the famous tariff
of Sir Robert Peel, adopted in 1842, did not
ignore the doctrine of protection. In the debate
on the bill Peel himself said :
141 do not abolish all protective duties; on the con-
trary, the amended tariff maintains many duties that
are purely protective as distinguished from revenue
duties."
Thus practically ignoring the theories of her
own economists.
France, guided by the practical wisdom of
the First Napoleon, sternly protected her indus-
trial interests, and especially after the close of
the continental wars in 1815, when she adopted
the policy of sustaining by all the power of
legislation and all the authority of the Govern-
ment the great increase of manufactories which
had been forced into development by the inci-
dents of the war. The example of France in
this particular is worthy of our special con-
sideration. Important branches of industrial
pursuits were established in our own country
by circumstances produced by the late civil
war, and we shall exhibit' practical statesman-
ship if we ourselves adopt the policy of France
in protecting and sustaiuing such as are at all
adapted to the conditions and resources of our
country and the tastes and habits of our people.
Russia, peculiarly an agricultural nation, was
behind both England and France in recognize
ing the true interests of her people. Relying
upon agriculture, in view of her enormous ter-
ritory and capacity to produce the fruits of the
soil, she neglected manufactures, and although
her advance in agriculture and population was
comparatively repaid, manufactures were feebly
struggling against the pernicious influences of
a mistaken policy, and trade and commerce
languished. Count Nesselrode in 1821, in aa
official document, declared that Russia was—
" compelled by circumstances to recur to a system of
independent commerce; that tho productions of the
empire found no market abroad; that the manufac-
tories of Russia were ruined, or on the verge of ruin:
that the money of the country was being carried off
into foreign parts, and that the most solid of commer-
cial establishments were at the brink of destruction."
Count Nesselrode was too "clear-sighted a
statesman not to discover that the disease which
