886
ft® ^CtoNOiiEssioM^ ©Loll,
January M,
afflicted the body-politic was free trade, and he
resolutely applied the remedy. He adopted the
. system of protection, and under its magic influ-
ence the dormant energies of the country were
aroused. Productions, manufectufing and ag-
ricultural, increased; and trade and commerce
fel t the swell of general prosperity. I need not
"pdirtt the Senate to th« present flourishing con-
dition of the Russian empire and attempt*, to
.describe how much of her prosperity she owes
to these forty year? protection of her home
industry, if or will I stop to inquire how much
she is indebted to the intellectual and moral
influences resulting from the increased activity
thusproduced among her people for that higher
type of civilization that has given freedom and
manhood to the serf.
-r But we qeed not look into the history of the
-European nations alone for confirmation of
the truth that national prosperity and na-
tional progress are promoted by a proper pro-
tection of manufacturing industry. Our own
country affords us the most striking illustration.
Indeed, eminent English writers have been con-
strained to admit the beneficial tendency of our
protective policy. One of them remarks :
" The most prosperous of all nations for the last
fifty-years has been theUnifedStates, yet the exports
and imports of the American Union, notwithstanding
its vast augmentation in population, are not very
much greater than they w'ere in 180-5. It is the un-
registered home production and home trade, doubled
and quadrupled over and over again, that has cre-
ated this unexampled prosperity."—Bales, p. 131.
That this writer is correct in referring our
"unexampled prosperity" to "this increase
of "home production and home trade" can
scarcely be denied, and all this was effected by
Our protective policy, so generally known as
the "American system." It may be said, how-
ever, that the United States have not con-
stantly adhered to the protective system ; that
we have vibrated in our policy from tariffs for
protection to tariffs for revenue simply, and
vice versa. The allegation is admitted; and I
have only to say on this point that if the true
policy had been permanent we should have
Less need of protection now. That this great
country has made progress even under legis-
lation adverse to her industry is admitted ; but
I assert without fear of successful contradiction
that the examination of our history will show
that our greatest strides in national prosperity,
embracing our agriculture and our commerce,
as well as our manufactures, were made during
the period when the doctrines of the American
system found favor with the law-givers of the
nation. When the practical wisdom of Clay
and Evans and Simmons prevailed in this
Chamber and triumphed over the subtle free-
trade fallacies of Calhoun, Hayne, and Hunter,
the industry of the nation was quickened and
her onward progress accelerated. The impulse
thus given to our industrial energy enabled us
to make progress for a time even against the
disadvantages of the opposite legislation; but
every departure from the protective policy has
invariably resulted m the end in stagnation of
trade, followed by financial embarrassment.
The principle of protection to homo produc-
tions was early recognized and approved by
our fathers; and it is worthy of remark that the
policy of protection to American manufactures
was assumed in the second legislative act of
the First Congress of the United States. That
Congress, July 4,1789, passed "an act for lay-
ing duties on goods, wares, and merchandise
imported in the United States," the preamble
of which reads as follows:
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of the
Government, for the discharge of the debts of the
"United States, and the encouragement and protec-
tion of American manufactures, that duties be laid
on goods, wares, and merchandise, Be it enacted," &c.
This bill was signed by the immortal Wash-
ington, and the policy then adopted has been
approved and advocated from that time by
most of the leading minds of the nation. But
of late years the American system of protection
to home industry is met with the objection that
this is class legislation for the exclusive benefit
of one particular interest, and that every dollar
of duties levied on imports for protection is so
much tax on the consumer, for which there are
no compensatory benefits. This is the one great
arguments upon which the advocates of free
trade mainly rest their case; and although it
has been met and answered, in my opinion
conclusively, in the books of recent writers in
our own conntry—Cary, Colwell, Colton, and
others—and in the speeches of m'aMy of our
leading statesmen, yet I may be permitted
briefly to restate the grounds upon which advo-
cates of protection reject this fallacy.
But first, if this allegation of the free-trade
theorists were true, which I do not for a mo-
ment admit; it has no force in the present con-
dition of our national finances. The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates that there wilFb'e
required for the year ending June 30, 1868, to
meet the expenditures of the Government, to
provide for the interest on the public debt, and
for the payment of bounties, a revenue of $35©,-
000,000, so that after having arranged your tar-
iff at the highest admissible rate consistent with
a due regard to both®revenue and protection,
you must look to your excise to give you a
revenue of nearly or quite two hundred mil-
lion dollars. Indeed, the receipts of internal
revenue for the year 1866 reached the enor-
mous sum of $310,906,984, and of this the
manufacturing industry, which is sought to be
protected by this bill, paid §178,356,661.
Do you believe that anything like this sum
can be realized to the Government from this
source during the present fiscal year, unless
the much-needed protection be accorded them?
The premiums on gold, which acted measurably
as a tariff, has fallen, while the high prices of
labor remain the same. In this abnormal con-
dition of affairs the munificent contributions
made by our manufacturers to the revenue of
the Government last year cannot without fur-
ther legislation on their behalf be repeated, and
the more objectionable demand of an increased
excise upon the people at large must supply
the deficit. But apart from this consideration,
we contend that a careful examination of the
whole subject will show the utter fallacy of the
usual and clamorous free-trade argument that
under all circumstances all duties for protec-
tion ar_e a tax upon the consumer.
A recent writer upon this point says:
"If protective duties enhance for a time domestic
manufactures, they secure afterward lower prices by
means of internal competition; for an industry that
has reached its development can safely reduce its
prices far below those which were necessary to insure
its growth, and thus save to its consumers the whole
expense of transportation and the whole profits of
trade, which are consequent upon imports of the
same articles from other countries."—List, p. 80.
The history of our country will fully justify
this conclusion. It is competition and devel-
opment at home that produce lower prices;
and while protective duties will reduce foreign
competition and perhaps arrest development
in other countries, they invite and encourage
domestic competition and stimulate the devel-
opment of our own resources. And when it is
remembered that our imports are not more
than ten per cent, of our consumption is there
not wisdom in encouraging competition at
home where the ninety per cent, is produced?
And will not this, beside building up the na-
tion, eventually give us a lower range of prices
than the practice of the opposite doctrine?
Will not the encouragement given by protec-
tion invite capital into manufactures; attract
to our shores the skilled workmen of other
lands; stimulate enterprise and quicken the
activities of our people, until the manufac-
turer will find a sharper competition at his own
door than the one three thousand miles away?
Let me illustrate by the statement of a case
with which we are all familiar. Before the
war, say in 1860, the price of anthracite coal
delivered at Philadelphia was three dollars to
three dollars and a quarter perton. The capi-
tal engaged in its production and the collieries
then opened were sufficient to meet the con-
stantly increasing wants of the country in a
normal condition of affairs. In fact capital, in
view of the previous prosperity of the trade, had
been attracted to it, until the supply was in
advance of the demand.
A distinguished gentleman, largely engaged
in the mining of coal, writes me as follows:
" For a number of years prior to the war the coal
business was much depressed. Most-of the operators
were bankrupt, the cost of production exceeding the
market price, except in favored localities."
But the inauguration of the war threw sud-
denly a largely increased demand on the source
of supply. As a consequence the market rose
rapidly, until the price reached ten dollars per
ton at Philadelphia. At this price coal mining
wasamongthe most profitable occupations. The
enterprising capitalists saw this at a glance, and
were attracted in that direction. New collieries
were opened; those already engaged in the busi-
ness were stimulated to increased production;
and what is the result? Why, the increase of
production in 1866 to November 1 over that
of the corresponding year of 1865 was two
million eight hundred and thirty-six thousand
seven hundred and eighty-two tons. As a con-
sequence the price of coal has fallen in Phila-
delphia to about five dollars per ton, a price
actually below the cost of production at the
present prices of labor. This illustration is
drawn from the movement of anthracite coal;
but the same results—of domestic competi-
tion—are observable in the movements of
bituminous coal. During the war prices at
Pittsburg ran up to thirteen cents per bushel,
which stimulated production and increased the
supply; and the price was consequently re-
duced until the article is now freely offered at
seven cents per bushel. I submit that such is
the natural and usual result of home competi-
tion, and that when protection is- necessary to
induce this competition it is the interest of all
classes of the nation to accord it. But still,
further I propose to show that facts sustain this
principle, by a reference to the prices of a few
leading articles before and after they were pro-
duced by the American manufacturer.
The tariff bill approved May 22, 1824, levied
a rate of duty equal to eight cents per square
yard on the coarser qualities of unbleached
four-quarter cotton muslins. For a brief
period the price of this article was advanced
somewhat over that prevailing previous to the
passage of the tariff act referred to. But the
encouragement given by protection, on this
class of goods induced capitalists in different
sections of the country to erect factories and
to engage in the manufacture of an article so
largely consumed by our people. The natural
result followed. The energy and skill of our
people, and the improvement of machinery
adapted to the manufacture of these goods,
were such that the consumer through the
working of home competition was supplied
with an article of superior quality to the im-
ported, at a cost of seven and a half cents,
being actually one half cent per yard below the
duty levied. Another illustration may be cited
of more recent date; that of the finer grades ■
of cast steel, for which a few years ago we
were entirely dependent upon the Old World.
A number of original invoices now in my
possession from prominent English steel manu-
facturers' agents on this side, dated in the
years 1850, 1852, 1853, 1855,1856, and 1857,
show that during these years, when the duties
on steel were far below the present rates, being
as low in the year 1857 as twelve per cent, ad
valorem, (equal to about one and a quarter
cent per pound, as shown by the custom-house
valuation,) the price of best cast steel averaged
fifteen cents, and the maximum sixteen and a
half.
Invoices and offers made b/the very same man-
ufacturers' agents during the present month,
the existing tariff upon the same grade being
three ccnts per pound, show an average de-
cline of one and a quarter cent per pound.
This is comparatively a new branch of man-
ufactures. and the figures I have given show
that, working under a protective duty of three
cents per pound, the energy and enterprise of
our own people have forced the English man-
ufacturer to ieduce his rate one and a quarter
cent per pound, saving to the American con-
sumer twenty-five dollars on every ton used.
