1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39tii Cong 2d Sess.
of affairs generally within my command during
the present year, in accordance with instruc-
tions from your office of date October 3. 18tjH.
I am, very respectfully, vonr obedient ser-
vant, GEORGE II. THOMAS,
Major General United States Army.
Brevet Colonel Geouce K. I,eet, Assistant
Adjutant General, Headquarters Armies of
the United States.
Headquarters District of Mississippi,
Vicksburg, Mississippi,
October 29, 18GG.
General: In compliance with instructions
from headquarters department of the Tennes-
see, dated October 21, instant, I have the
honor to submit the following report of the
operations, since I have been in command, in
the late department of Mississippi, and iu the
present district of Mississippi, and of the con-
dition of affairs generally in my command:
military history.
Pursuant to orders of his Excellency the
President, I assumed command of the depart- \
ment of Mississippi on the 14th of November,
ultimo.
Previously I had been on duty for two
months in the department of Arkansas.
On assuming command I found the depart-
ment divided into three districts, denominated,
respectively, the northern district, the south-
ern district, and the western district. Brevet
Major General M. F. Force, with headquarters
at Jackson, was in command of the northern
district; Brevet Major General J. W. David-
son, with headquarters at Natchez, was in
command of the southern district. After re-
lieving Major General P. J. Osterhaus, who
had been my predecessor in the command of
the department, I assigned him to the com-
mand of the western district, with headquar-
ters at Vicksburg.
I found on duty in the department the fol-
lowing troops:
The twenty-sixth Indiana veteran volun-
teers ; the fifth and sixth regiments colored
artillery, (heavy,) acting as infantry; the forty-
ninth, fiftieth, and fifty-second, fifty-third,
fifty-eighth, sixty-fourth, sixty-sixth, seven-
tieth, and one hundred and eighth regiments
of colored infantry, and batteries C and D,
second United States colored artillery, (light.)
The thirty-third Illinois veteran volunteers
was in the department, but under orders to be
mustered out, and the thirteenth Indiana cav-
alry had been mustered out, but the whole of
the regiment had not left the department. The
thirty-third Illinois and the remnant of the
thirteenth Indiana were sent to their respective
State rendezvous with as much dispatch as
possible.
At the date of my assumption of the com-
mand the troops in the department occupied
the following posts: Vicksburg, Jackson, Gre:
nada, Okolona, Columbus, Meridian, Yazoo
City, Natchez, Brookhaven, Winchester, and
Magnolia.
The diffusion of troops at many posts under
inexperienced and negligent commanders,
move especially if the posts occupied are sur-
rounded by a considerable population of citi-
zens, is one of the greatest enemies to effi-
ciency and discipline. Looseness of discipline
leads to many and useless conflicts with citi-
zens, and many complaints from the latter of
outrages and lawlessness on the part of the
troops are the necessary consequence.
, The commanding general of the military
division of the Tennessee reached this place
the day after I had arrived and assumed the
command.
After a full consultation with the command-
ing general' and in pursuance of his directions
to concentrate the troops at the smallest num-
ber of posts compatible with the efficient per-
formance of the duties devolved upon them,
so soon as I had acquainted myself with the
condition of affairs in the department) I sub-
mitted a recommendation to him to reduce the
number of posts to six, which he approved.
The posts suggested were Vicksburg, Natchez,
Jackson, Meridian, Columbus, ami Grenada.
These points are centrally situated with refer-
ence both to the territory and population of the
State, on highways of communication either by
river or railway,whence troops could be rapidly
dispatched to any point at which their presence
might be required. The concentration was
promptly made so soon as the approval of the
commanding general to the proposed arrange-
ment had been received.
By the reduction in the number of posts the
cost of supplying the troops was diminished,
and the discipline, efficiency, and instruction
largely promoted. To bring the troops to the
highest possible state of efficiency, to enforce
rigid discipline, and to prevent outrages on
and unnecessary conflicts with citizens, I pub-
lished orders requiring the troops to remain
in their camps or cantonments when not
absent therefrom on duty, and tactical instruc-
tion to be given to them twice a day, of not
less than one hour at each lesson, on five days
of the week. The remaining two days, Satur-
day and Sunday, were devoted to police and
relaxation. The observance of the Sabbath
was specially commended in orders. The
healthful effect of these measures soon demon-
strated itself in an improvement in the disci-
pline and instruction of the troops, and in the
reduction of the number of complaints by
citizens of outrages by soldiers. To still fur-
ther guard against the latter evil. I published
an order directing that whenever it might be
necessary for the military authority to inter-
vene for the enforcement of justice or the
preservation of law and order among the citi-
zens, the commanding officer on whom the
duty might devolve should give written instruc-
tions to the officer detailed to command the
troops designated for any such special service,
explaining fully the work to be performed,
and how far military force should be used
therefor; that the officer charged with the
duty should make a full written report, on the
completion of the work assigned him, of his
operations to his immediate commander, and
that a copy of the instructions and report
should be transmitted through the interme-
diate commanders to department headquarters,
for the information of the department com-
manders.
Shortly after my arrival in the department I
found that a fruitful source of corruption
among the officers and of complaint from citi-
zens was the improper and illegal dabbling of
officers in the collection and disposition of
cotton alleged to have belonged to the so-called
confederate States.
To correct this evil I published an order de-
fining the relations of officers of the military
service to the cotton question, and their dutie3
therein. I explained that the duty of collect-
ing and forwarding any cotton that had belonged
to the late rebel authorities, or of any other
cotton the title of which, from any cause, had
become vested in the United States, had been
by an aet of the supreme Legislature, confined
to the Treasury Department and its duly ap-
pointed agents ; and that the duty of the mili-
tary officials was simply, on the requisition of
a dulv accredited agent of the Treasury, to aid
in collecting and guarding the cotton claimed
as the property of the paramount Government
as the conqueror of rebels.
This order removed from the region of mili-
tary action a potential temptation to malfea-'
sance by officers; and in a comparatively brief
period no further complaints were heard of the
improper interference of military officials in
the collection, movement, and disposition of
cotton.
The effect of the several important orders
and movements above described was to bring
the troops in the department well in hand, and
the department itself, generally, under thor-
ough control.
Conformably to an order from the War De-
partment the two companies of light artillery,
colored, were mustered out of sen ice on the
2'ith of December, lMjj, and, shortly after,
the twenty-sixth Indiana was mustered out.
In the month of January, 1Si;>;, the com-
manding general of the military di\ won a-ked
my opinion as to whether the number of troops
in the department could bo reduced, consistent
with a due regard to the enforcement of the
laws, the preservation of order, and the pro-
tection of life and property.
I replied, recommending the muster-out of
the colored regiments, and suggested that the
forty-ninth, fiftieth, fifty-third, sixty-fourth,
sixty-sixth, seventieth, and one hundred and
eighth be selected for that purpose. Authority
was immediately received to muster out the
regiments designated; but before they fould
be collected at the points at which the muster-
out was to take place an order was received
from the War Department suspending the or-
der for muster-out, and directing that they lie
retained in the service to work on the levees
of the Mississippi. Under this arrangement
the regiments remained in service un'il some
time in the month of February, but were never
called for by the officer in charge of the work
of repairing the levees. The order for muster-
out was renewed near the close of February ;
the work was immediately commenced, and
terminated about the middle of March.
On tho l-3th of January, Major General P.
J. Osterhaus and Brevet Major Generals J.
W. Davidson and M. F. Force were mustered
out of the volunteer service.
Near the close of January the second bat-
talion of the fifteenth regular infantry arrived
at this place, and reported for duty in the
department. It was added to the garrison
of this post.
On the 1st of February I published an order
abolishing the district organization, directing
the post commanders to report direct to the
department commander, and ordering the rec-
ords of the'districts to be forwarded to these
headquarters. This arrangement was at once
effected, and was found to work better than
through the intermediate machinery of the dis-
trict organization.
In the month of April an order was received
directing the muster-out of the remaining col-
ored regiments in the department. The work
was immediately commenced, and by the 2llth
of May all the colored troops in the depart-
ment had been mustered out.
This left me for duty but one small battalion
of regular infantry. One company was sent
to Meridian, one to Jackson, and one to Nat-
chez, to replace the colored troops at those
posts; the remaining live companies were re-
tained at this post as a central force imme-
diately under the control of the department
commander, to be used wherever and when-
ever there might be a necessity therefor.
After the removal of all the public property
from Meridian, the company was withdrawn
from that place to Jackson, and the company
at the latter sent to Grenada. The number
of lawless men in the vicinity of Grenada
rendered necessary the presence of a small
military force there to protect the citizens from
outrage. I desired also to have a company
there for the purpose of trying to arrest tho
assassin of Lieutenant J. B. Blanding, Vet-
eran Reserve corps, who had been foully mur-
dered while on duty in the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands at Grenada.
To aid in the effort to arrest the murderer
of Lieutenant Blanding I applied to General
Stoneman. then in command of the department
of Tennessee, for a company of cavalry tem-
porarily.
The company was sent from Memphis to
Grenada, and though the greatest energy was
displayed by both the cavalry and infantry
