1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
before the House. The pending question, is
upon the motion to suspend the rules in order
to allow the resolution to be offered, the mo-
tion to suspend the rules cannot be postponed.
Mr.' MYERS. I will withdraw the motion
to suspend the rules for the present,
ELECTION CONTEST 'THOMAS VS. ABKELt.
Mr. MAYNAB.D presented additional evi-
dence in the contested-election case of .Thomas'
vs. Arnell; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the rules be suspended aad the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the Army appropriation bill. But
I will say to gentlemen 011 the other side that
if they are content to take a vote in the House
on striking out the second section, I will not
move to go into the Committee of the Whole,
but will move to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thatwould require unan-
imous consent, or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel bound to object to that
proposition upon this principle alone : that this
second section has no place in an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. PRICE. We can vote on that question
in the House.
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 make no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole be discharged from the further
consideration of the speeial order, being the
Army appropriation bill, and that it be now
considered in the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Tho SPEAKER. By general consent, the
first question is upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] to strike
out the second section of this bill. The Clerk
will read the section which it is proposed to
strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
Siso.2. Andbeit further enacted, That the hoadauar-
tors of tho General of the Army of the United States
shall be at the city of Washington, and all orders and
instructions relating to military operations issued by
tho President or Secretary of War shall bo issued
through tho General of tho Army, and in caso of his
inability, by the noxt in rank. Tho General of tho
Army shall not bo romovod. suspended, or relieved
from command, or assigned to duty elsowhere than at
paid hoadquarters without the previous approval of
tho Senate; and any orders or instructions relating
to military operations issued contrary to the require-
ments of thissoetion shall bo null and void; and any
officer who shall issue orders or instructions contrary
to the provisions of this seotion shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor in offioo; and any oflioer of tho
Army who shall transmit, convey, or obey any orders
or instructions so issued contrary to the provisions
of this seotion, knowing that such orders wore so
issued, shall bo liable to imprisonment for not less
than two nor more than twenty years, upon convic-
tion thereof in any court of compctont jurisdiction.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the question is taken
on striking out that section, I move to amend it
by striking out the following words:
The General of the Army shall not be removed, sus-
pended, or relievod from command, or assigned to
duty elsewhere than at said headquarters without the
previous approval of the Senate; and.
If that provision is not stricken from this
section circumstances might arise in which the
operations of our armies might be seriously
crippled, if the presence of the General is worth
anything, which I suppose it is.
■ Mr- STEVENS. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] .will
not be adopted, for it will render the section
almost worthless.
Mr. FINCK. I ask that the section may be
read as it will stand if it shall be amended as
proposed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued by the President or Secretary of War
shall be issued through the General of the Army, and
in case of his inability, by the next in rank; any
orders or instructions relating to military operations
issued contrary to the requirements of this section
shall be null and void; and any oflieerwho shall issue
'orders or instructions contrary to the provisions of
this section shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
in office; and any officer of theArmy who shall trans-
mit, convey, or obey any orders or instructions so
issued contrary to the provisions of this section,
knowing that such orders wers so issued, shall be lia-
ble to imprisonment for not less than two nor more
than twenty years, upon conviction thereof in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 69, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Bingham, Buck-
land,Campbell, Cooper, Darling, Davis,Dawes, Daw-
son, Denison, Bldridge, larquhar, Finck, Glossbren-
ner,Goodyear, Aaronilardinf?, Haw kins, Hise, Hogan,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James It. .Hubbell, Humphrey,
Hunter, Ketohajp, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwicb, Loan, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McOullough.McRuer, Moorhead, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Noeli, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Sehenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves. Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble,
Andrew H. Ward, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Winfield, and Wright—62.
NAY S—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, J ames
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brondegrae,
Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston,
Eliot, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Higby,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Demas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kel-
ley, Koontz, William Lawrence, Longyear, Maynard,
MoClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Price, Rollins, Soofield, Shella-
barger, Ssiuding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Upson,
Hamilton Ward,W amer, Henry D. Washburn, Wei-
ker, Wentworth, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—69.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Banks, Baxter, Boyer, Chanler^Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Culver, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs, Dumout, Jickley, Farnswort.h, jb'erry, Garfield,
Grinneli, Griswold, Halo, Harris, Hayes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Jenekes, Jones, Kas-
son,Kelso, Kerr, Latham, Lynch, Marston, Mclndoe,
McKoe, Morrill, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Plants,
William II. Randall. Alexa,ndor H. Rice, John II.
Rico, Sawyer, Sloan, Stilwell, Strouse, N elson Taylor,
lYamcis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernaxn, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van llorn,
Elihu B. Washburne, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—61.
So the amendment of Mr. Bingham was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Lb Blond, to strike out the second
section of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 88, not voting
61; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anoona, Bergen, Bingham, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eluridge,]?inck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hise, Ho-
gan, Humphrey, Hunter, Kuykendall, LeB16nd, Left-
wicn, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Ritter, Rousseau, Sitgroavcs, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward, Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy,..Allison, Ames, Arnell, Dclos
R. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baker, Barker, Baxter,
Boaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Darling, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Abncr C. Harding, Ilarfc, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Demas Ilubbard, John
H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrenco, .Longyear* Lynch, Marston, May-
nard, McClurg, Mclndoe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, John H. Rice, llollins, Scofleld, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Ya.n Horn, Ham-
ilton Ward, Warner,.Wclker, Wentworth, Williams,
and Windom—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin, Banks,
Blow, Boyer, Buckland, Chanler.Cobb, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Culver, Dawos, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Ferry, Garfield, Grinneli,
Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin K. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Jenekes, Jones, Kasson, Kerr. Ketcham,
Latham, McCullough, McKee, Morrill, Morris, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogei-s, Ross,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Shamklin, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Van Aernam, Robert T.
Van Horn, Elihu B. Waahburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, James I?. Wilson, Ste-
phen!. Wilson, and Woodbridge—61.
So the amendment of Mr. Le Blond was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, said: On this
question I am paired with my colleague, Mr.
Kerb1, who has been called away by business.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LE BLOND. I reserved -in committee
the privilege of calling for a separate vote on
the amendment proposing to strike out all that
portion of the first section relating to the
Freedmen's Bureau. I was not in the House
at the time when the bill was reported.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman did not
raise that point till we had reached the last
section; and I then declined to assent to the
proposition.
Mr. LE BLOND. I did not so understand.
I will say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that we on this side desire to record our votes
upon striking out the part I have indicated.
It will not consume any more time to take a
vote by yeas and nays on striking out this por-
tion than to vote by yeas and nays on the pas-
Sage of the bill. We would much prefer to
have the vote on this proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. We had passed all the
sections but the last when the gentleman made
that request, and I declined it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time.
The question being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 32, not vot-
ing 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, J3ingham, Blow, Boutwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Davis, Deming, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston,
Eliot, Famsworth, G-rinncll, Abner C. Harding, Hen-
derson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketoham, Koontz, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Mc-
Kuer, Miller, Moorhead, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rol-
lins, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Wan-
ner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Cooper,
Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hise, Humphrey, Hunter,
Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G-. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, An-
drew H. Ward, Winfield, and Wright—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley, Banks,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Buckland, Chanler, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, l)awos, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eckley, Earquhar, Ferry, Finck, Garfield,
Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Hogan,
Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Jenekes, Jones, Kerr, Kuykendall, Lejtwioh,
Marston, Mclndoe, McKee, Mercur, Morrill, Morris,
Perham, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, John H. Rioe, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sitgreaves, Starr, Stilwell, Nelson Taylor, Francis
Thomas, van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, and Whaley—68.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. WASHBTJBN, of Indiana, stated he was
paired with his colleague, Mr. Kerr.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee contested-election case.
Mr. COOPER presented evidence in the
contested-election case of Mr. Arnell ; which
was referred to the Committee on Elections.
