Ml OOMxRESSIQMAL 0LOm
January 22,
The aggregate value of the items here cited
roughly from the .fist of importations at New
York alone for the calendar year 1866 is nearly
one hundred and eighty million dollars in gold
value as invoiced, all or at least very nearly
all of which comes in direct competition with
the labor of our own country.
- .It is estimated that imports at alf other ports
fire equal to from one foiirthto one third of the
imports at New York. C^ll it one fourth, which
will be $45,OOfi,{!Q,0r^nd'you have a total of
imports of products competing with our own,
in rouud. jiumbers, $225,000,000, Reduce this
to currency forty per cent, for gold, about
the average rate of the year, and yon, reach the
^mazing sum of $325,000,000; and remember
that this is not the tot^l pf imports, but simply
that part of them which .come in direct compe-
tition with our own productions. In currency
value, the total imports will, as before stated,
exceed $500,000,000. The rapid and exces-
sive increase of imports, which will be shown
by the following table, i§ the strongest evidence
I can submit to prove that the present tariff is
not sufficient either to protect properly Amer-
ican industry or to save the nation from ruin
by over importation.
Comparative table of imports at Nero York.
Wartheri and
Dry goods. 'gla&e ware. Pig iron.
■1863 67,274.547 i.m.m. 397,916
18.34.  71,5S9,7o2 1,979,634 803,788
1865   91,965,138 2,014,929 385,788
186 6 126,222,855 4,204,552 879,733
It will be seen from these figures that the
imports of these three leading items for the
years 1866 are double those of the year 1863,
3, fact that may well alarm us, But more than
this: these figures, large as they are, do not
present the whole truth, The Secretary of the
Treasury in his lasjt report to Congress says:
"For many years there hashes n a systematic under-
valuation of foreign merchandise imported into the
United States, ana large aiiio'unts have been smug-
gled into the country along our extended sea-coasts
and frontiers. To make up for undervaluations and
smuggling, and for cost of transportation paid to for-;
eign ship-owners, twenty percent, at least should be
added to the imports, which would make the balance
for the past year against the United States nearly
one hundred million dollars."
If you add the Secretary's estimate for under-
valuation, smuggling, &c., say $100,000,000,
to the ascertained imports for 1866, you have
the enormous sum of between six and severt
hundred millions, currency value, as the grand
total of imports for the calendar year.
Such a statement may well "giveus pause,"
and when we remember that a. very large share
of the articles whose values are included in
this vast sum can be and would be produced
by our own people, under a prqp.er system of
protection, which would save them from being
driven from the factory and the workshop by
the untaxed pauper labor of Europe, the sub-
ject is sufficiently important to demand the
most serious consideration of Congress.
You must do something to arrest this flood
of importation if you would save the nation
from utter bankruptcy. Ruin must come to
nations as well as individuals when they con-
tinue to buy more than they sell, and this is
just what pur nation is doing now. Let us see.
So far the figures I have given were for the
calendar year 1806. I propose now to call
your attention to some figures from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury's, report for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1866.
During the fiscal.year ending June 30,1806, the
United States imported:
Foreign merchandise free of duty  $55,801,759
Foreign merchandise paying duty  363,508,051
427,309,810
Of foreign merchandise there was reex-
poited:
Free of duty $1,907,157
Dutiable  9,434,263
Total, (mixed gold and cur-
rency value)  11,341,420
Which, reduced to currency value, was
equal to  10,263,233
ffotal net imports foreign merchandise,
value in gold  417,046,577
Amount brought forward.... $-117,046,577
Imports, specie $10,329,156
Of which there was reexported, 3,409,697
Net imports, specie..
Total net imports, foreign merchandise
' and specie    423,975,036
During the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, the United States exported domes-
tic merchandise, currency value, $468,-
040,903, reduced to gold value..$333,322,085
Specie exported  82,643,374
Total domestic experts, value in gold.... 415,965,4i
Apparent, balance of trade, value in
gold  #,009,577
This table shows an apparent balance of only
$8,009,577 against us for the fiscal year. But
it must be remembered we paid during the year
$75,714,915 in specie. To this we must add the
Secretary's estimate of twenty per cent for.un-
dervaluation, smuggling, &e., say $83,409,315,
making a grand total of balance of trade against
us for a single year of $167,133,807. Will any
Senator tell me how we could'have paid the
astounding balance but by the exportation of
our Government bonds,, which will one day
return to plague us; and will any gentleman
tell me how we are ever- to return to specie pay-
ments with a continuance of such a policy ?
Let the Secretary of the Treasury speak. He
says:
"Notwithstanding our heavy exports during the
past year, (that of cotton having been six hundred and
fifty million six hundred and seventy-two thousand
eight hundred and twenty pounds, or nearly one mil-
lion six hundred thousand bales, a quantity greater
than our entire crop of the present year,) the United
States are largely in debt to Europe. It is evident
that the balances have been largely against the Uni-
ted States for some years past, whatever may have
been the custom-house returns. On no other ground
can the fact be accounted for, that a very large
amount of American bonds is now held in Europe,
which are estimated as follows, to wit:
United States bonds $350,000,000
State and municipal bonds  150,000,000
Railroad and other stocks and bonds  100,000,000
§600,000,000
" It is evident from these figures that the balances
are against us, and, chiefly by the exportation of our
Government bonds, are being temporarily and im-
providently arranged; temporarily, because a large
portion of these bonds have been bought on specula-
tion, and will be likely to be returned whenever finan-
cial troubles in the countries in which they are held
shall make it necessary for the holders to realize
upon them, or whenever satisfactory profits can be
made by returning them, which will be when they
nearly approach their par value in coin; improvi-
dently, because they are being purchased at very low
prices, and because their exportation stimulates im-
ports and thus cripples home industry. Nothing is
more certain than the fact that there can be no per-
manent resumption of specie payments in the United
States until the balances between them and other
nations shall be made easy by an exportation of
commodities, including the products of the mines,
equal at least to our importations, and until provis-
ion shall be made for returning bonds, or for pre-
venting their return at unpropitious times. This
state of things, it is conceived, cannot be effected
without a change in our financial policy."
It must, therefore, be evident to the most su-
perficial observer, who looks at these facts and
figures, that the only road thftt will lead us to
a sounder financial condition, and enable us to
reach the desired point of specie payment, is to
turn the balance of trade in our favor by buy-
ing less abroad and producing more at home.
While I am constrained to differ in some points
from the distinguished Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I most heartily concur in the views he has
so ably presented ou this branch of the sub-
ject.
Sir, however much this Congress may legis-
late in regard to the currency; whatever views
may prevail as to expansion or contraction;
however wisely you may provide for funding
your debt and providing for your interest and
other Government expenditures, you will fail
to reach the disease that is preying upon the
vitals of the nation if you do not in some form
check these excessive importations.
In my judgment the power to do this lies in
the passage of the bill now under consideraMon.
I do not claim, by any means, that it is perfect
in its details. It differs in many points from
the House bill. It differs in some important
points from the recommendation of Mr. Wells,
the highly intelligent and eminently faithful
special commissioner; and I may say, on some
points, the members of the Finance Committee
themselves are not all agreed. Its defects may
be supplied and its mistakes corrected by the*
practical wisdom of the Senate; and when this
is accomplished I sincerely trust the bill will
become a law.
It may be objected that the duties provided
in this bill are too high to be consistent with
a proper regard to revenue, and that the check
upon importations which it may impose will
reduce the gold revenue below what is required
for the payment of the interest on the public
debt.
I think there need be no apprehension on
this point. Experience shows that increased
rates on what is imported fully compensate
for the deficiency in the amount imported.
The advance in duties, made by the bill of
1864-65, was in some instances large, and yet
therevenue, instead of being decreased thereby,
was largely increased.
The committee had this point in view during
the entire time the bill was under considera-
tion. It is my opinion, and I think the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Finance Committee
agrees with me, that the amount of revenue for
the next fiscal year would probably be much
the same under the proposed bill as it would
be if the existing tariff were permitted to stand.
In either case the revenue will doubtless fall
off, for two reasons: first, we imported last
year altogether too much, and more than we
could pay for, but for artificial aids, such as
the exportation of Government and other
bonds; and secondly, the impetus given to
importation in view of the anticipated passage
of a higher tariff this session has accumulated
a surplus that may carry us partly through the
coming fiscal year.
Mr. President, I have already trespassed
too long on the indulgence of the Senate. A
word or two more and I have done. Sir, I
speak to-day in behalf of the American laborer,
the hardy sons of toil, the bone and sinew
of our nation. It is their cause I plead, and
I covet for. them the best gifts which the nation
can bestow. Look over this broad land and
see the millions of humble yet happy homes
of your industrial classes, where the tire burns
brightly on the hearth, and where connubial,
parental, and filial affection reigns.
Amid all that is great and glorious in our
land I single out the fact that our sons of toil
are better fed, better clothed, better lodged,
better paid, and better taught than those of
any other nation on the face of the earth, and
proclaim it as the brightest jewel in our crown
of glory.
Tt is the boast of England that her cheaper
labor will always enable her ..o produce so
cheaply as to defy competition. God grant
that cheap labor in the English sense may
never be the boast of this nation. Under our
form of Government the laborer never can be
and never ought to be reduced to the condi-
tion of those in. other lands, who are content
to toil on while others think for them and gov-
ern them, without even so much as an aspira-
tion for a better condition. The working men
of our land make and unmake Presidents,
Congresses, and Legislatures, and the eleva-
tion of the masses socially, intellectually, and
morally is a necessity if you would perpetuate
the institutions of the Republic.
Is there a Senator within the sound of my
voice who would reduce the laborer of our
country to the level of the pauper labor of Eu-
rope'/ No, no! There was once a class of
men in these Halls who might have consented
to this. Under their " peculiar institution,"
now happily gone forever, labor was degraded
by chains and fetters, and the bold announce-
ment was made tiiat i! capital should own its
own labor." They resisted unto blood the higher
civilization, which taught the sublime truths
of the universal brotherhood of man, and the
