1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. DODGE. I move to strike out the
word "gallon " for the sake of saying a word.
I would be as loth as any gentleman in this
House to do anything that should militate
against the prosperity of the State, of Cali-
fornia, but I am convinced that with all the
efforts we are making in this House to guard
against frauds with reference to whisky, it will
be impossible to guard against them if we open
this door so wide as to admit brandy made of
grapes at fifty cents, for the simple reason that
while frauds are existing we shall have a very
large amount of brandy made of grapes, while
there will be very little of grape brandy in it.
I hold in my hand a letter from certain par-
ties, proposing to invest $500,000 in the cul-
tivation of'beets in the State of Illinois for the
purpose of manufacturing beet brandy. They
say there is 110 reason why beet brandy should
not be taxed at as low a rate as brandy made
from grapes, and that if they can only have
the tax at fifty cents they can afford to go into
the manufacture. Now, I do not know who
the parties are. The letter purports to come
from the New York Sugar Beet Company.
They propose to manufacture largely brandy
from beets.
Now, I know very well that it would be
very easy to convert whisky into beet brandy,
or white" brandy, and I am confident if we
admit either of them at a less rate of duty than
is put upon whisky, we shall open the flood-
gates for fraud, and it will be impossible for us
to close them.
Mr. HOGAN. I do not think the members
of this House understand properly this matter
of brandy made from grapes. I have no doubt
the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] is made in the interest of temper-
ance. I am a temperance man myself. But
J desire to say that the making of brandy from
the residuum of the grape, after the wine has
been made, is carried on in but two or three
places in the United States. The simple ques-
tion for us to consider is this : whether we shall
try to manufacture brandy for ourselves, or
whether the brandy which we will necessarily
use shall be imported from abroad. The manu-
facture of brandy in this country is still in its
infancy. The tax upon it has heretofore been
fitly cents pergallon; .and but little revenue has
been derived from that tax, because so little of
it lias been made.
Now, there is no analogy at all between the
manufacture of brandy from grapes and the
manufacture of whisky from corn and rye.
You canputyourcorninthe still to-day andhavo
the whisky on the market to-morrow. But in
the manufacture of brandy from the residuum
of the grape it requires four or five years to
perfect it and make it ready for sale. There
are, perhaps, only one thousand or fifteen
hundred gallons of this grape brandy made in
the United States, and if there is any object in
getting rid of paying immense sums of money
to foreigners for brandy, then Congress ought,
instead of putting a prohibitory tax upon the
manufacture of brandy in this country, to offer
a premium for its manufacture. You got but
little revenue from it now ; and increase the
tax upon it and you will get no revenue except
in the way of tariff on foreign importations,
and I understand it is not proposed to increase
the tariff duty.
Mr. PRICE. I will vote to put a tariff duty
of ton dollars a gallon on brandy.
Mr, HOGAN. Will that stop the produc-
tion of it in foreign countries or the importa-
tion of it into this country? You may estab-
lish as many temperance societies as you please,
still these foreign importations will be made.
Tlie idea that people will substitute whisky
made from corn for brandy made from grapes
is simply to declare that there is no honesty or
integrity at all in the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hooan] allow me to ask a ques-
tion?
Mr. HOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the gentleman
aware that the probable consumption of
brandy in the future will be very much re-
duced in consequence of the Congressional
Temperance Society that has just been formed
here? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOGAN. That may be the case; and
'the revenue of the country may not suffer from
that cause.
Mr. PEICE. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Hogan] is not the
uproper person of whom to ask or to answer
such a question.
Mr. HOGAN. Why not? [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I will ask the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Pbice,] who con-
sumes a great deal more than the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. PRICE. It will be the case when all
the members of Congress sign the pledge.
Mr. HOGAN. That will only operate here.
But the point in this case is this : if parties wish
to encourage the native production m this coun-
try 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it, for the purpose
of Saying a few words. When this subject was
considered in the Committee of Ways and
Means I was disposed to favor the insertion of
this provision in this bill. But after a more
mature examination of the subject I am satis-
fied that the adoption of such a provision will
lead to frauds innumerable. While my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Hogan] says truly' that
but a few hundred gallons of brandy from
grapes are made in this country, the effect of
this provision will be to afford one additional
means of fraud, beside the numerous frauds
now practiced in this country upon the reve-
nue. I hope, therefore, this entire provision
will be stricken from the bill.
Mr. HJGBY. Does the gentleman believe
thero will be any less fraud if not one drop of
this brandy is made in this country?
Mr. ALLISON. I only mean to say that
the effect of this provision will be to encourage
the manufacture to a large extent of an article
called brandy from grapes, which may contain
possibly a portion of the residuum of the wine
from grapes, but which will contain a much
greater proportion of alcohol, which will pay
no tax whatever. Thus there will be afforded
an additional inducement for frauds upon the
revenue.
Mr. HOGAN. Will not the same objection
apply in the case of brandy made from peaches
and brandy made from apples, both of which,
by law, pay a tax of only fifty cents?
Mr. ALLISON. I must call the attention
of my friend to the fact that brandy made from
apples and brandy made from peaches now pay
the same tax as distilled spirits.
Mr. HOGAN. They pay only fifty cents.
Mr. ALLISON. It is true there is a pro-
vision in the internal revenue law which, I
understand, is construed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue as authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to remit entirely the tax
upon brandy made from peaches, brandy made
by apples, and also brandy made from grapes.
But such was not the intention of the law, and
the misconstruction in this particular should
be remedied by us; so that distilled spirits from
whatever source obtained shall pay a tax of
two dollars per gallon unless we make an
equal and uniform reduction of the tax. There
should be no discrimination, otherwise wo afford
an inducement for the perpetration of frauds
upon the revenne.
Mr. DARLING. In order that I may pre-
sent to the House some facts bearing on this
question, I move pro formd to strikeout the
last word in the tenth line. I a«k the Clerk to
read the letter which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dear Sik: Allow me to state a casebearing on the
§ rape-brandy question that I omitted this morning,
larly this month (February) one of the signers of
the petition presented you this morning received an
order for fifty pipes spirits from San Francisco—about
eight thousand gallons—on which the tax to be paid
would be $16,000. On Tuesday lasthe received atele-
gram from San Francisco, as follows: " Do not ship
the spirits ordered, as we shall try the grape spirits
here, as Congress will permit it to be manufactured
much less. If you have bought, sellit in New York."
This is a case directly in point, and the passage of
the clause permitting this spirit to be manufactured
at fifty cents per gallon will lose the Government at
least $2,000,000 per annum.
Yours very truly, JOHN F. DALY,
9 -Nassau street.
Hon. W. A. Dabling.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Chairman, I have
called for the reading of this letter in order to
show what would be the effect of this discrimi-
nation in regard to brandy made from grapes.
Mr. BID WELL. Who is the gentleman who
wrote that letter ?
Mr. DARLING. He is a respectable mer-
chant in New York city.
A Member. Does he deal in liquor?
Mr. DARLING. I presume he does.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is useless for the
House to appoint a select committee to investi-
gate frauds on the revenue and devise means
to prevent them if we are going to insert in the
tax bill any such provision as this. Why, sir,
the amount of spirits transported from the city
of New York to California has been for some
time past gradually diminishing, the amount
during the last year not exceeding eleven thou-
sand five hundred barrels.^ The telegram re-
ferred to in the letter which has been read
explains what will be the operation of such
legislation as is now proposed. Persons in
California will take spirits made from grapes,
cover it, mark it "brandy," send it to New
York city, and sell it in competition with
whisky or rectified spirits, upon which the tax
is two dollars.
I have here a petition upon this subject,
signed by some of the most respectable mer-
chants in the city o^New York. I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
The undersigned, merchants and shippers of spirits
to California, respectfully represent, that the pro-
posed redaction of the tax on spirits made from
grapes to fifty cents per gallon is calculated to do
great injury to, if not entirely to ruin, the trade in
grain spirits between the Atlantic and Pacific States;
that it will open out great opportunities for fraud in
the naming of spirits, so as to make them liable to
the smaller rate only, and afford other opportuni-
ties for fraud which the law has hitherto been power-
less to prevent.
LOWBER, PARK & CO.
J. C. DAYTON & CO.
AVILLIAM T. COLEMAN.
JOHN CHAD WICK,
G. W. SCHUCKLING.
C. COMSTOCK & CO.
RANDOLPH M. COOLEY & CO.
SUTTON & CO.
J. H. COGHILL & CO.
JOHN TRACEY & CO.
CHARLES W. CROSBY.
YATES FERGUSON.
FRANK RHODES.
JOHN B. NEWTON & CO.
DE WITT KITTLE & CO.
GEORGE D. SUTTON.
J. F. & W. H. DALY.
New Yokk, February, 1807.
Mr. McRUER. Are not all the signers of
that petition whisky manufacturers?
Mr. DARLING. I presume they are!
A Member. Are they honest ?
Mr. DARLIN G. I do not believe there is
an honest distiller in the country; for they can-
not be honest when products such as they
manufacture can be bought in open market
to-day for fifty cents less per gallon than the
Government tax on them.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend this paragraph
so it will read:
On brandy made of grapes, apples,-or peaches, two
dollars per gallon. ^
Mr. Chairman, I see no good reason why
there should be any difference in the tax upon
these intoxicating drinks. We have imposed
a tax of two dollars a gallon upon whisky, and
I do not see why we should not have the same
tax.upon brandy without regard to what it is
made from, whether from grapes or anything
else. It stands upon the same shelf with
whisky as a general thing, and I now insist it
shall bear the same tax.
Mr. BIDWELL. I cannot yield to any man
upon this floor in a desire to see the cause of
