36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
The orders of the General-in-Chief, General
Order 44, headquarters of the Army, Adjutant
General's Office, July (>, 18C.0. directing the
arrest of offenders and their detention in mili-
tary custody, in cases where the civil authori-
ties fail, neglect, or are unable to arrest and
bring offenders to trial, have been strictly and
\ igilantly enforced. These orders have had
the effect of stimulating the action of the civil
authorities, especially in certain localities
notorious for the insecurity of person and
property.
Since the organization of the courts of the
United States in North and South Carolina,
respectively, all cases of admiralty jurisdic-
tion, and all other proceedings, civil or crimi-
nal, of which those courts have cognizance,
have been remitted to them. No complaint
or suggestion has reached me Jrom any quar-
ter of any failure of justice in those tribunals.
North Carolina having, in all trials, civil or
criminal, except the crime of rape when
charged against a negro, extended the laws of
the Commonwealth impartially to all persons,
without distinction on account of color or race,
jurisdiction of all cases, whether civil or crim-
inal, with the exception just now mentioned,
has been remitted to the ordinary civil tribu-
nals of the State. The distinguished officer
commanding in North Carolina reports that
he finds, " in most parts of the State, a will-
ingness on the part of civil officers to aid the
military commanders in bringing criminals of
all colors to justice, and generally giving all
classes their just rights." General Robinson,
however, remarks that "petitions from loyal
men throughout the State, setting forth griev-
ances and stating they are being prosecuted
for acts done in their military capacity and
while protecting loyal persons," have been
received by him ; and he reports that, " in all
cases clearly ascertained, the executive officers
of judicial circuits have been notified to dis-
continue such prosecutions."
Approving of the action of the district cotn:
mander, I have directed in such cases, in
compliance with General Order No. 3, War
Department, Adjutant General's Office, Janu-
ary 12, 1866, that all parties within the pro-
visions of that order be protected from any
penalties or damages that inay have been .or
may be adjudged against them in the courts of
North Carolina.
In South Carolina I directed, in June last, that
all white civilians in military custody charged
with felonies or misdemeanors be turned over
to the civil magistrates and tribunals of the
State for trial, according to the nature and
character of the offense charged, and of the
jurisdiction of the court having legal cogni-
zance thereof. Serious doubts having been
entertained whether in prosecutions of white
persons for offenses against freedmen the latter
would be deemed competent witnesses in the
State courts, I requested his Excellency the
Governor to submit the question to the chief
justice of the court of appeals, who replied,
the Governor concurring, that the courts of
general sessions always had cognizance of of-
fenses committed by white persons against the
person or property of freed persons of color;
and that under the provisions of the law of
1865, persons of color became competent to
testify before grand juries, magistrates, and
courts, in criminal cases, touching the person
or property of persons of color. The laws of
South Carolina had not, then, placed the freed
people upon an equal footing in the courts as
parties; and, therefore, cases in which they
were concerned remained, temporarily, within
the exclusive jurisdiction of military tribunals.
(Special Order No. 19, department of Caro-
linas, Columbia, June 20, 18G6, Appendix 10-
also letter of instructions to Brevet Major Gen-
eral R. K. Scott, commanding in South Caro-
lina, dated Charleston, August 31, 1866, Ap-
pendix 11.)
In September his Excellency the Governor
of South Carolina convened the Legislature in
extraordinary session, when laws were passed
substantially recognizing the civil rights of the
freed people as those rights are defined in the
civil rights bill passed by Congress. This
concession gave all people of color the same
remedies for wrongs and the same protection
enjoyed by the most favored citizen. Their
competency to sue and to testify in all cases,
to make contracts, and to hold, convey, or
bequeath property, whether real or personal,
has been expressly recognized in South Caro-
lina. (Correspondence between his Excel-
lency the Governor of South Carolina and the
major general commanding, Appendix 12;
also copy act Legislature of South Carolina,
Appendix 1:"!.)
These laws having been officially communi-
cated to me, I have directed that all cases,
civil or criminal, in which the parties are
civilians, be turned over to the State tribunals,
that the jails and prisons be restored to the
sheriffs, and that military provost courts be
discontinued, except on the sea islands, where
provisional tribunals cannot for the present be
superseded, inasmuch as civil authority has
not yet been organized and established. A
large portion of the territory of these islands
remains under the control of the Bureau of
Abandoned Lands, Freedmen, &c., and of the
United States tax commissioners, pursuant to
the legislation of Congress at the last session.
(General Order No. 15, Headquarters depart-
ment of the South, October 15, 1866, Appen-
dix 14.)
The courts throughout the department have
been interdicted from entertaining prosecu-
tions or suits against persons for acts done by
competent military authority; or against any
one who adhered to the Union during the
rebellion for acts done in opposition to rebel
forces and agents; or for the possession and
use of abandoned lands or other property held
by authority of the President or any civil or
military department of the Government.
In remitting to civil authority the compre-
hensive jurisdiction for some time exercised
under martial law, the occasion was deemed a
proper one to enjoin upon the freed people
their duty to yield unhesitating obedience to
the civil laws and magistracy, and also to com-
mend to the authorities and inhabitants in gen-
eral the considerate, forbearing, and patient
execution of the laws in all matters concern-
ing the numerous population so recently vested
with civil rights and the obligations of citizens.
Considerations affecting public tranquillity and
order suggested the expediency of prohibiting
whipping as a punishment for men and women,
and likewise the sale of persons convicted of
vagrancy and other offenses for periods of in-
voluntary service. (Correspondence between
his Excellency the Governor of South Caro-
lina and the major general commanding, Ap-
pendix 15.)
Under the operation of the legislation and
the general orders to which allusion has just
been made, the superior courts have held their
autumnal term. The adherents to the cause
of the Union, the partisans of the rebellion,
northern men domiciled here since the war,
the slaveholders of former times, and the freed-
men of this epoch, have all found themselves
within the cognizance of the courts. White
men have been convicted of crimes upon negro
testimony; negroes, tried upon charges pre-
ferred by white persons, have been acquitted
upon negro testimony. In one instance the
acquittal turned upon the evidence of the ac-
cused, a freedman, in his own behalf, the tes-
timony of accused persons, when offered by
themselves, having been made competent by
recent legislation in South Carolina.
It would be premature, as yet, to assume that
the new order of things in these States is no
longer an experiment. Nevertheless, among
the numerous matters of complaint disposed of
during the year, the cases are exceptional and
inconsiderable in number that seem to furnish
just occasion for censorious comment or criti-
cism upon the manner in which the civil aut lior-
ities, and especially the superior tribunals,
have fulfilled their novel relations to the freed-
men as citizens.
It has been already intimated that justice
administered by the superior courts in thc«u
States with a conscientious respect for law ana
a degree of independence of popular sentiment
not generally found among the inferior magis-
trates or ministerial officers. The magistrates
are often dilatory in issuing warrants for the
apprehension of offenders, if public opinion
incline toward the accused. Nor are the
sheriffs and constables likely in such cases to
be diligent in making arrests. Inquests by
coroners, when freedmen have been killed,
have seldom pointed to the guilty party. In an
instance reported by the post commander at
Hilton Head, that occurred in Beaul'ort, dis-
trict, the perpetrators of the homicide were on
the coroner's jury and joined in the verdict
that the victims came to their death by means
to the jury unknown. Such also was the ver-
dict in Wesley's case, at Newberry, although
the murderers were recognized on the spot and
were well known to the neighborhood.
These irregularities do not occur where per-
sons of consideration are sufficiently interested
in the proceedings to .insist upon the proper
action. The Governors, unfortunately, have
no control over any of these officers. They
are amenable for official misconduet.it is true,
to indictment and trial by a court ; but in the
absence of executive control it may be assumed
that for practical purposes there is no respon-
sibility. District and post commanders are
instructed to report the refusal or neglect of
any magistrate, court, or officer to perforin any
official act required by law, whereby due :ti:d
rightful protection to person and property shall
have been denied.
In conclusion, the following general observa-
tions are suggested by a review of the opera-
tions and the condition of affairs during the
year in this department:
The military occupation of the territory by
detachments garrisoning posts embracing one
or more counties has restored order, afforded
security for person and property, and encour-
aged the resumption of agricultural, industrial,
and commercial employments. For the neces-
sary garrisons and the detachments required to
make the post organization efficient throughout
the department, three battalions of infantry and
three squadrons of cavalry, with four compa-
nies of artillery for the forts and permanent
works, will be sufficient.
Notwithstanding the gravity of some excep-
tional occurrences incident to the close of a
long war, tranquillity and order have been re-
stored under martial law, contemporaneously
with successive concessions of jurisdiction to
civil authority, and the gradual reduction of
the Army to a peace establishment.
In certain localities disturbed by bands of
outlaws, many of them fugitives from justice
in these and other States and paroled rebel
soldiers, who continue to commit the worst
crimes and disturb the peace of neighborhoods,
the exercise of the power of arrest and pun-
ishment under martial law is the only reliable
security for life and property. The civil au
thorities fail to suppress these organizations
and punish the outrages committed. Magis-
trates, constables, jurors, and witnesses, resid-
ing far from a garrison, are intimidated by
threats of retaliation from enforcing the ordi-
nary legal remedies against these bandits and
guerrillas.
The material prosperity of these States, in-
jured almost irreparably by the war. 'wins
likely to be restored through emancipation.
Although some time must elapse before their
productions will be equal in quantity to the
product before the war, the increased value of
the staples raised will soon make up the equiv-
