1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
]9th Cong....2d Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op PiEps.
alent. Capital, enterprise, and population
are coming from the North. With these will
be provided increased facilities for culture,
manufactures, and trade. Remarkable success
has rewarded many diligent and judicious
planters, who have paid liberal wages in cash
and treated their laborers kindly. Evidence
accumulates to prove the general disposition
of the negroes to work voluntarily and faith-
fully for wages, or for themselves as tenants
and as small proprietors. Education, the en-
joyment of their earnings, the security of fam-
ily ties, the possession of civil rights, and the
practice of divine worship are exerting their
salutary influence upon the conduct, intelli-
gence, and thrift of the freed people. The
two races, alienated by war and suddenly sepa-
rated by emancipation, are becoming gradually
reconciled.
There are good reasons for the belief that the
fortunate exemption of this department from
the riots and turbulent collisions which have
occurred elsewhere is attributable in the main
to the prohibition of all armed organizations, \
whether of police, patrols, "regulators," or
militia. The organization of an efficient police
and constabulary in the several towns and f
counties has been uniformly encouraged, and |
the troops have always supported the civil au- !
thority in the execution of the laws and in the
preservation of order whenever the employ-
ment of armed forces has been necessary and
proper. The lawful enrollment of the militia
has not been prevented; but while tR? United
States forces occupy the territory no occasion
is likely to arise for the services of any other
armed force. To illustrate the inconvenience
that would be incident to the operations of out-
side military organizations not under my com-
mand, 1 invite attention to the following extract
from the militia law of South Carolina, passed
December 22, 1865, and which does not differ
essentially, I understand, from the legislation
of adjacent States:
"Sec. 123. That every commissioned^ officer in the
militia shall have power, when occasion shall re-
quire, to assemblo, arm, and raise any number of
men belonging to their respective corps: ami, if need
be, to give notice and call to thoir aid the officers ami
men of any adjacent corps to disperse, suppress, kill,
and destroy, take or subdue any pirate, sea-rover,
or other enemy, who shall in a hostile manner hurt,
or attempt to hurt, any of the inhabitants of this
State, or their persons or possessions, or any company
of freedmen or others who shall bo lurking in any
suspected place where they may do mischief."
The employment of any armed force in the
manner authorized by this statute would be
sure to provoke serious collisions between the
two races, and more especially until the dis-
trust and alienation out of which such enact-
ments have their origin shall have yielded to
the bettor sentiments of cooperation and con-
cord. (Copy report to Adjutant General of the
Army, 23th September, 18 >i>, Appendix 16.)
The armed bands called "regulators'' have
no formal sanction from any authority, and are
only countenanced by ill-disposed persons.
These bands have committed repeated acts of
hostility against the United States forces, and
many depredations and outrages upon the per-
sons and property of peaceable citizens. The
instructions and orders given in such cases have
been to capture and punish such offenders
summarily as guerrillas, pursuant to General
Order No. 90,. War Department, May 11,1865.
In certain counties, such as Newberry, Edge-
field, and Laurens, so much countenance was
given to outrages upon refugees and freed peo-
ple. directly and indirectly, by the indifference
of the civil authorities, and by the population,
who made themselves more or less accomplices
in the crimes, that other and more comprehen-
sive measures became necessary. I invited
some well-disposed citizens of consideration
and inlhience to proceed to those localities, and
endeavor to arouse the people to a proper sense
oftheirresponsibility for these disorders. Brevet
Colonel Alexander Moore, aid-de-camp, with
an escort of cavalry, proceeded, by my order,
to the localities where the offenses had been
committed, and arrested a number of the par-
ties, some of them prominent citizens, who had
harbored and given aid and comfort to the worst
offenders.
These remedies not proving to be effectual,
I caused it to be made known to the inhabit-
ants of Edgefield, Newberry, and Laurens that
measures had been initiated to remove the
persecuted refugees and freed people inhabit-
ing these counties to places ot refuge and secu-
rity, and to subsist them until they could pro-
vide for themselves ; and that unless all just
occasion for complaint against the population
of those counties ceased forthwith, these meas-
ures would be taken at the expense of the com-
munities responsible forgrievancesthat seemed
to defy all other modes of redress. Instruc-
tions of this purport having been sent to Bre-
vet Major General Ames, commanding the
western district, and the tenor of them having
been communicated to his Excellency the Gov-
ernor, the improved condition of affairs subse-
quently observed in these counties made it
practicable to postpone the execution of these
measures indefinitely. (Copy instructions to
Brevet Major General Ames; copy communi-
cation to his Excellency the Governor of South
Carolina; copy reports of Captain Coan, aid-
de-camp, and of Colonel Deveraux, assistant
commissioner of Bureau Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, and other documents ;
Appendix 17.) '
It has likewise been found necessary to pro-
hibit associations or assemblages composed of
persons who served in the rebel armies, and
having for their object the perpetuation of any
military or other organization engaged in the
rebellion. This prohibition has not been en-
forced against any society which has, in good
faith, confined its action to the charitable re-
lief of disabled and indigent survivors, and the
ordinary observances for the burial of the dead.
(General Orders No. 7, department of the
South, Appendix 18.)
Recently a meeting of one of these associa-
tions was made the occasion for an address
delivered by General Wade Hampton, in which
he is reported to have commented upon the
Government and the armies of the United
States, and especially upon the operations of
General* Sherman and Sheridan, in a manner
well calculated to incite discontent and hos-
tility against the authorities of the LTnited
States. I have directed an inquiry into the
matter, in order that the association of rebel
soldiers may lie suppressed, and General
Hampton admonished to obsene the terms
of his parole, if, upon investigation, it shall
appear to have been disregarded in this in-
stance.
T desire to express my hearty appreciation of
the efficient aid I have received trom the dis-
tinguished officers commanding in North and
South Carolina, and from the post command-
ers, in the discharge of the novel and difficult
duties incident to the exercise of military au-
thority during the gradual transition from mar-
tial to civil law. "The officers of my staff, in
their several departments, have evinced the
most praiseworthy zeal and diligence.
Very respectfullv,
I>. E. SICKLES,
Major General Commanding.
Assistant Adjutant General, Headquarters
Armies of the United States, Washington,
D. C.
Report of the Secretary of the' Navy.
Navy Department, December 3, 1866.
Sir : I have the honor to present the annual
report of the condition and operations of this
Department and of the Navy during the year.
The reduction of the naval fotce at home and
the establishment and reenforcement of the
squadrons abroad, with the repairing and pla-
cing in efficient condition the vessels and ma-
chinery which had become worn and detective
by long and constant hard usage, have con-
tinued to be objects of paramount importance
in the administration of naval affairs since my
last annual report.
When the war terminated, which had devel-
oped the energies and the resources of the coun-
try', and so stimulated the activity and inventive
powers of our countrymen as to have given
extraordinary efficiency to the Navy, this De-
partment became relieved of some of the labor
and much of the responsibility which for four
years bad commanded its unremitting attention.
But to reduce the immense armament which
the exigencies of the period and the power of
the Government had called into existence, to
discontinue the blockading squadrons, to dis-
pose of the large number of captured and pur-
chased vessels which had been used for war
purposes, to discharge and retire the volunteers
1,'om service, to suspend the work which had
been commenced for increasing the Navy, to
contract within proper limits our naval force,
which, during the war, had assumed a magni-
tude that gave us foremost rank among naval
Powers, while yet placing our Navy upon a
substantial but economical peace establishment,
involvednoinconsiderable amount of labor and
responsibility, as well as of judgment and dis-
crimination.
While those reductions from the war stand-
ard have continued to occupy the attention
and the efforts of this Department during the
year, it has also been vigilant to organize and
reestablish efficient squadrons abroad, and,
for the protection of American interests and
the assertion of American rights, to have one
or more of our vessels visit every important
point where our commerce has penetrated.
Not until after the fall of Fort Fisher did
the Department spare any labor or effort to
strengthen and increase our naval power; but
down to that period it was pressing forward
with the same energy and determination in the
construction of additional vessels and machin-
ery, and in procuring additional ordnance sup-
plies and munitions, as during any period of the
war.
The possession of the Mississippi river and
its tributaries had justified the diminution of
the naval force which was made on our inter-
nal waters at an earlier period, although an
efficient and well-organized squadron contin-
ued to patrol tho^e rivers until the rebellion
was wholly suppressed.
At the close of the war the Government had
at ils command an immense navy, composed
partly of vessel* built for fighting purposes,
and partly of vessels which had been captured,
or were purchased from the commercial ma-
rine and armed for the service.
Contracts for new vessels which had^ been
commenced, and for engines which are in the
course of construction, must necessarily go tor-
ward to completion; but as far as has been
practicable, all such work in the navy-yards
and elsewhere is suspended. At the earliest
moment consistent with the public interest,
most of the captured and purchased vessels
were sold, and returned to the merchant ser-
vice, from which they had been originally pro-
cured. They thus, after having been used to
suppress the rebellion, are contributing in a
measure toward reestablishing commercial and
social relations among the States which had
been arrayed in conflict. Some naval-built
steamers, hastily constructed for war purposes,
which there was no object in further retaining,
have also, from time to time, as opportunity
presented, been put in the market and sold to
advantage. In this manner, and by these
means, our large Navy has been reduced and
brought within the limits of a proper peace
establishment.
