1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the excessive burdens of taxation under which
all industry now suffers in this country, has
been in consequence of the favor afforded and
the inducement held out hy the Government in
withdrawing the duties from the importation
of flax machinery, it may be well understood
why the linen manufacturers are in the position
they are with this machinery unemployed, and
the Senate will understand the necessity,-at any
rate_, for placing their products upon an equal
footing with cotton manufactures.
Before I am done I will make a comparison
between linen thread and cotton thread. The
duty on carpeting is eighty cents per square
yard. The carpeting is three fourths of a yard
in' width or thereabouts. The duty therefore
is $1 20 per running yard. The bottom of
these carpets is linen thread. That thread is
now entered at a nominal duty; it can be pur-
cl&sed abroad at from twelve to fifteen cents.
That class of yarns and threads can be pro-
duced in this country out of the flax and hemp
cultivated here. Under the classification of
the bill of the Committee on Finance all that
material will be imported from abroad. Now
this great interest, the only real interest in this
country that is upon its feet, will not in the
least be embarrassed by placing the duty upon
linens the same as upon cottons; and as regards
thread, allow me to call the attention of the
Senate to the duty upon spool thread in the
classification of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and they will see that the
duty upon that kind of thread which bears a
comparison or analogy to linen thread is two
or three times as much.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the
Senator from Rhode Island, if he will give way
for that purpose, I will move an executive ses-
sion. It is understood to be desirable to have
a short executive session, and as it is now four
o'clock I suppose it is about time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An executive session
can be had just as well at five o'clock as now,
and we must get through with ffhis bill at some
time or other.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
will have the Senate with him until he passes
his bill, but we must do a little else as we go
along. I hope he will consent to this. At
any rate, I make the motion that the Senate
do now proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
from Rhode Island will not give way. I wish
to say to the Senator from California that I do
not have the Senate with me. Every now and
then some Senator wants to offer a resolution
and asks me to give way to let him do so. I
believe" the Senator from California has done
that twice to-day. I merely wish to remind
Senators that this is not the only bill we have
got to pass. We have not yet passed a single
appropriation bill, and we have but a very
short time remaining. If Senators will not
allow more than four hours daily for action
upon these bills when they come in, we shall
not be able to get through our business. The
British Parliament sit from four o'clock in the
afternoon until midnight or one in the morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Rhode Island yield the floor to the Senator
from California?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly, I yield the
floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the force of
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maine, but I think the Senate is really at his
pleasure on these bills; and although he does
not like to say it, I will say it for him, he gen-
erally has his own way here about time. I
think an executive session is needed, and I
hope we shall have it now. I insist upon my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 18, noes 11.
executive session.
'The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 22, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyston.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
clerk op a committee.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on a Uniform System
of Coinage, Weights and Measures be authorized to
employ a clerk, at the usual rate of compensation,
for forty days during the present session.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table. ■
The latter motion was agreed to.
judicial proceedings.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to regulate judicial
proceedings in certain cases, and have it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FINCK. I ask that the bill may be
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As the bill is a long
one, and it will take up much time to read it in
full, I will not ask leave now to introduce it. "
branch op union pacific railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to facilitate the construction
of a branch of the Union Pacific railroad from
Sioux City to the head of Lake Superior; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave of absence for
Mr. Washbcrne, of Illinois, for the remainder
of the session. The condition of his health is
such that it is absolutely necessary that he
should refrain from attendance here for the
balance of the session.
Leave was accordingly granted.
obstruction of mail routes.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to punish obstructions of railways
used for the transportation of the United States
mail; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
iiot springs reservation, arkansas.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the sale of the Hot Springs
Reservation, in the State of Arkansas; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
pay op hon. a. ii. coffroth.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a privileged
question, and call up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which a resolution which I intro-
duced on Saturday last in relation to the com-
pensation of Hon. Alexander H. Coffroth, late
a member of this House, was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I will state very
briefly the reasons why I think that vote should
be reconsidered.
The Committee on the Judiciary, as is well
known to all, is pressed with business more
than it can properly attend to for the remain-
der of the session; and I think there would
not be the slightest possibility that we could
get a report on that subject from the commit-
tee at this session. Nor can I see that there
is any legal point involved in this matter which
should require an opinion from that commit-
tee. I think, after the precedent set by the
Hou-se upon other occasions in cases which
I think are parallel to this, the House is as
prepared to act understanding^ upon the sub-
ject to-day as at any other time.
The facts in the case are these: Mr. Cof-
froth, at the commencement of the last session,
was admitted by a vote of this House to a seat
here as a member of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, "the House determining that he had a
■prima facie right to a scat as a member. His
seat was contested, as we all know, and the
House finally found for the contestant, and
Mr. Coffroth was -ousted. Subsequently to
that the House, on the last day of the session,
passed an act increasing the compensation of
members of Congress. The terms of that act,
so far as they relate to this ease, I will read :
And be it further enacted, That the compensation
of each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress shall be $5,000 per annnm, to be computed from
the first day of the present Congress.
Mr. Coffroth had received his pay at the
rate of $3,000 a year, that being the compen-
sation allowed by law at the time he was a
member. The act to which I have referred
related back to the first day of the session;, in
other words, it included all the time that Mr.
Coffroth held a seat here as a member of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. Mr. Coffroth while a
member, was entitled to the pay and emolu-
ments of a member of Congress. He stood
upon the same footing with every other mem-
ber on this floor. The fact that he was ousted
prior to the passage of the law giving extra
compensation should not, it strikes me, affect
in any mariner the claim of Mr. Coffroth.
But, sir, this House has already set two pre-
cedents which seem to me to cover this case.
One of these precedents was in the case of Mr.
Gooch, who was elected a member of the Thir-
ty-Ninth Congress from the State of Massachu-
setts, and who resigned previous to the com-
mencement of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. In that case the House has
adopted a resolution granting to Mr. Gooch
the increased compensation from the begin-
ning of the Congress up to the time of his resig-
nation. That precedent of itself should, I
think, govern the case.
Another instance was that of a member from
New York, Mr. Humphrey, who was taken
from us by death prior to the passage of the act
giving increased compensation. This House
has adopted a resolution granting to the family
of Mr. Humphrey the increased compensation
up to the time of his death. In both these
instances the parties had ceased to be mem-
bers prior to the passage of the act giving the
increased compensation. It seems to me that
these cases should govern that of Mr. Coffroth.
I can see no reason why he is not as much
entitled to the extra compensation as we who
have received it.
I trust that the motion to reconsider will pre-
vail, and that the resolution will be put upon
its passage now. If no gentleman wishes to
say anything on the subject I will demand the
previous question.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the consent of the
gentleman from Missouri I would like to ask
a question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. RAYMOND. Early in this session a
bill was introduced to repeal the law of last
session giving increased compensation to mem-
bers of Congress. That bill was referred, I
believe, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I would like to inquire of the chairman of that
committee [Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa] whether the
committee propose to take action on that bill,
and when they will probably be able to lay it
before the House for consideration. I ask
this because there are p"fobably quite a large
number of members who have not drawn their
extra compensation, and who prefer not t.o do
so until they know what is to be the fate of
that bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not see that
the question propounded- by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] has any per-
tinency to the subject before the House, nor
