644
m® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
am I prepared to say, if the Committee on the
Judiciary should report back the bill referred
to, what would be the action of the House upon
it. I presume that, if the bill should be re-
ported to the House, all the members who
voted for the increase of pay at the last ses-
sion would be in favor of its continuance.
Hence, I see no occasion for any taember per-
mitting the amount of his extra pay to remain
longer in the Treasury. Certainly a House
of Representatives, which just before the elec-
tions for members of Congress had the cour-
age to pass a provision for extra compensa-
tion, would not be in haste when the elections
are over to repeal that provision of the law
and pay back the amount'of the extra com-
pensation, as the amendment referred to the
committee proposes.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have no objection to
the gentleman arguing the probabilities with
regard to a vote of the House on the question.
I think, however, it might be more satisfactory
to the House if the committee would report
the bill and let the House act upon it accord-
ing to its bwn judgment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should like to
know whether the gentleman from New York
has allowed his extra pay to remain in the
Treasury.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have not drawn the
extra compensation. I am naturally very anx-
ious to do so, but I do not like to draw it until
it is decided whether this repealing bill is to
be passed or not. If the gentleman can give me
an assurance that it will not be repealed and
that I shall not be compelled to pass through
the very unpleasant process of paying back
the money, I do not know that I should press
this inquiry further. ,
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot see that this ques-
tion has any bearing upon the ca3e of Mr.
Coffroth. It seems to me that the House has
fully and entirely adjudicated the whole ques-
tion involved in this case by granting the extra
compensation to Mr. Gooch. As to the mat-
ter of refunding the extra pay in case a repeal-
ing bill should be passed, I presume that Mr.
Coffroth would make repayment as promptly
as any of the one hundred and seventy mem-
bers who have drawn their extra compensation.
I see no reason why Mr. Coffroth should be
kept out of this extra pay a single day, when
the rest of us have pocketed it. I do not see
the pertinence of the inquiry made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond.]
Mr. RA\MOND. I beg to remind the gen-
tleman from Maine that I have made no oppo-
sition to the resolution. I did not suppose
that my inquiry was pertinent to this particular
question. I made it for a different purpose
altogether.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the difference in the two
cases of Mr. Gooch and Mr. Coffroth. It is
not my intention to offer any remarks on the
propriety of passing this resolution, but only
on the power.
I desire the House shall understand it is not
the case of Mr. Gooch, but is fixing a new pre-
cedent, which will be followed by all the oases
which have been passed upon by the Commit-
tee of Elections. The difference between the
case of Mr. Coffroth and that of Mr. Gooch is
this: Mr. Gooch was a member of this House
dejure, actually elected a member of this House,
while Mr. Coffroth was never elected a member
of this House, and was only a member defacto,
and took the pay which the law allowed a mem-
ber de facto, and that only. Mr. Gooch was
actually a member of the House, while Mr. Cof-
froth was only a member de facto; and, as the
result showed, the report of the committee and
the decision of the House was that he was not
entitled to anything, and only took the pay of
a member de facto, which he was entitled to
under the law. According to the report of the
committee and the decision of the House he
received pay which belonged to some one else.
He took it, not in his own right, but in his own
wrong. I only desire to have it clearly under-
stood that there is this difference in the two
cases, and that this case will form a precedent
for all cases passed upon by the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he ever
knew of a gentleman who sat here and was
afterward unseated by a subsequent decision
of the House who was not paid the legal pay
for the time he sat as a member. I submit the
de facto case is stronger to my mind than the
de jure one. Mr. Koontz never was a member
of the House, was never qualified, never took
his seat until the report of the committee and
the decision of the House. He was a presump-
tive member, but never participated in legisla-
tion, while Mr. Cofiroth was here as a member
until he was declared by the House not enti-
tled to a seat. After he has participated as a
member of this House, whether he can be de-
prived of the legal pay of that time, which has
been pocketed, I leave to the close logic of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. It does not depend upon any
logic of mine whether he shall have pay or not,
but it depends on the correctness of the posi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine or mine
whether the two cases are the same.
The gentleman asks me whether I ever knew
of a de facto member who did not draw the pay
which a member was entitled to by law while
he was sitting here. I answer, no; and that
is what Mr. Coffroth did. He as a de facto
member drew the pay a legal member was en-
titled to.
One word more. The gentleman from Maine
says to his mind this is a stronger case than
that of Mr. Koontz. Very well; but it is not
the same case. It may be stronger to his mind,
because he says Mr. Koon.z was never a mem-
ber of this House. I want him to understand
that he sat in this House waiting upon the com-
mittee for months, the duties of which were
protracted by this House: and I speak of this
only to show Mr. Gooch was not without
merit in claiming this extra pay.
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose not.
Mr. DAWES. I v/ant this put upon the true
ground. It is not the same case as that of Mr.
Gooch. It is a precedent, standing by itself,
and for the first time in the history of contested
election cases will a man who sat as a de facto
member be adjudged by the House of Repre-
sentatives entitled to extra pay not prescribed
by the law in existence while he sat as a mem-
ber. If the House is disposed to do it I have
not a word to say, only it will be followed by
all of the other cases I have mentioned.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether this extra pay
now claimed by Mr. Coffroth has not been in
fact paid to the actual member, Mr. Koontz.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In reply to that I will
say that not only the extra pay, but the original
pay has been received by the successful con-
testant ; and not only in that case, but in every
case where a sitting member has been ousted.
We always pay both members.
Now, in reply to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the question, and the only question
is, was Mr. Coffroth entitled to the pay of a
member of Congress. It makes no difference
whether he is de facto or de jure a member,
his pay is the same. That the gentleman
admits. There is no difference between us in
that respect.
Now, what is the legal pay? Let every gentle-
man ask himself whar pay he is entitled to and
from what time that pay commenced. He can
readily answer the question. Being entitled
to pay at all, he is entitled to all of it; and he
might for the same reason say he would never
draw any of his pay after receiving the original
$3,000 because it did not belong to him : for
if he is entitled to any he is entitled to all, the
act referring back to the commencement of
the Thirty-Ninih Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me this whole
matter may be adjusted without difficulty if the
gentleman will consent to an amendment of
his resolution. I will suggest an amendment
to this effect:
Provided, That the said Alexander H. Coffroth
shall be entitled in good faith to the same consci-
entious scruples as other members of the Thirty-
Ninth Co.ngress as to receiving /my part of said pay,
and that he shall refund the same when they do.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not in order at
present, the pending question being on the
reconsideration of the reference.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I pledge myself that Mr.
Coffroth will return the increased pay to the
conscience fund whenever other members of
this House do it. [Laughter.] I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Missouri yield? %
Mr. BENJAMIN. I decline to yield any
further.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to have the reso-
lution reported for information.
The resolution was again read.
The question being taken on reconsidering
the vote by which the resolution was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, it was
reconsidered.
The question being taken on the motion to
refer it to that committee, it was disagreed to.
The question recurred 011 the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. As my amendment is now
in order. I ask to be allowed to offer it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will allow it to be read
for information.
The amendment of Mr. Scheuck was read,
as follows:
Provided, That the said Alexander H. Coffroth be
entitled in good faith to the same conscientious
scruples as other members of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
press, as to receiving any part of said pay, and that
he shall refund tire same when they do. [Laughter.]
Several Members. All right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As it has gone before
the country, I think that will do. I decline to
allow it to be offered.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BROOMALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken; it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 39, not voting 59;
as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, iSnamnn, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Bidwell. Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
Bromwell. Buckland, Campbell, Chaaler, Cooper,
Cullom, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly. Driggs,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farqnhar, Garfield. GlosS-
brenner, Goodyear, ©rinnell, Griswold.Hale, Hayes,
Hill, Ho?an, Holmes, Ilooper.llotchkifs, Dcmiis Hub-
bard, Edwin N\ Ilubbel), James R. Hubbell. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kerr, Koontz, Kuyken-
dall, Latliu, lleorgo V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwiek,
Lon?year, Marshall, Marvin, McKee, Mcltuer, Mil-
ler,Moorhead, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson, Xocll,
Ortb, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Price, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, John II.
Rice. Ritter, Ross, Sawyer, Schenek, Sbanklin, Sit-
frreayes, Spalding, StilweH.Strousc.Taber, Nathaniel-
O. Tayior, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John h.
Thomas, Thornton, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth,
James 1'. Wilson, Winfield. and Woodbridge—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Baxter, Broomall, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkl'ms, Cook, Davres. Deming,
Farnsworth. Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hise, John
II. Hubbard, Kelley, Keteham, Loan, Lynch, Mar-
ston, McCiurg, Morrill, Morris, Myers, O'^S cill, Pike,
Raymond, Rollins,Scofield.Sheiiabarser.Sioan, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Trimble,Tiwbrutec, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, William B. Washburn, and Wil-
NQT VOTING—Messrs.Alley, Ames, Arncll, Bald-
win, Banks, Barker, Bingham, Blow, ftumly. Sidney
Clarke, Culver, Barling, Davis. Defrces, Delano,
Dodsre, Dumont, Eckley, Ferry, Finek, Aaron Hard-
ing, llarris.Hart, Henderson, lUgby, Asaliel W.Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, liulburd. Hunter, J enekes,
Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kfds<_>,Latham, William Law-
rence, Maynard, McCuUougii, M'Indoe, Mereur,
Newell, Phelps, Plants, l'omeroy, Alexander H. Eiee,
Roger?, Rousseau, Starr, Thayer. Ui>«on, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Wamor,
Elihu B. Was-hburne, Welker, Whaley, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—59.
So the resolution was adopted.
