mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of messes. voorhees and brooks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Bmolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay Daniel W.
Yoorhees the amount of increased pay of a member
of this House provided by law, from the commence-
ment of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to the period
when he oeased to be a member.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question on the resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to
suggest as an amendment that the name of
James Brooks be inserted in the resolution.
' Mr. DAWES. I was about to ask the gen-
tleman to modify his resolution in that way.
We may as well make short work of it and put
the name of James Brooks in the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will
modify the resolution so as to include the
name of James Brooks, and now I ask the
previous question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Messrs. DAWES and KOONTZ demanded
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the res-
olution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to move to amend the resolution so as to in-
clude all the contestants who came here to get
seats? The same principle would cover them
.precisely.
The SPEAKER. It could only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The question was takeji; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 43, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Beaman^ Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson,Denison, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Griswold. Hale, Aaron Harding, Hayes, Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Holmes, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Ivasson, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Lafiin, Latham, Le Blond, Longyear,
Marshall, Marvin, Melndoe, McRuer, Miller, Moor-
head, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Nocll, Paine,
Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.Ran-
dall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sehenek, Shanklio, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Stilw ell, Strouse,Taber%Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth, Win-
field. and Woodbridge—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker. Baxter, Bingham, Broom-
all, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Dawes, Deming, Eckley,
Fa.rnsworth, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hise, John
H. Hubbard, Julian, Kelley,. Kelso, Ketcham,Koontz,
Loan, Lynch, Marston, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur,
Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Raymond,
Rollins, Scofield, Sheila barger, Sloan, Stokes, Trow-
bridge, V an Aernam,BurtVan Horn, HamiltonWard,
William B. Washburn, and Williams—43.
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, De-
losR. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Blow, Brom-
well, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Defrees,
Delano, Dodge, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot. Earqnhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Harris, Hart, Henderson,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Jenckes, Jones, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Leftwich, McCullough, M c K e e_, M o rr il 1, Moul-
ton, Orth, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Riee, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Starr, Stevens, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Upson. Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H.Ward. Elihu
B. Washburne, Welker, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—69.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted : and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of House to the bill
(S. No. 69) to provide for the payment of pen-
sions, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
contested ejection—thomas vs. arnell.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I call up the resolution reported yes-
terday by the Committee of Elections in the
case of Thomas vs. Arnell.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not call up that case until the report that
accompanies the resolution is printed. It
certainly would not be doing justice to the par-
ties, ana 1 think it would not be doing justice
to the House.
Mr. DAWES. My object is to obtain as
early action as possible, knowing how brief
the time left is for the parties to prepare their
cases. If the parties themselves are not desir-
ous of pressing the matter I have no desire to
do it. I think the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Matnard] will be able to present to the
House the precise question at issue as well
without the report as with it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it is very unusual'
for the House to act upon such questions as
this without having a printed report before
them for their information. It is well known
that members rely more upon the facts that are
presented in the report than they do even upon
the oral argument which maybe founded upon
those facts. This report I suppose is not very
voluminous, and it may be sent in here from
the printing office even during the present sit-
ting of the.House, certainly before our next
sitting. I trust we shall not be called upon to
act in this case until we can have the report
printed and laid before us. I had supposed
that the report would have been printed and
laid before us to-day. It certainly will be
printed by to-morrow, and one day will not
make much difference.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I am not disposed
to press the question, unless I can have the
cooperation of members from Tennessee in the
matter. I therefore withdraw my call for the
present.
hot springs reservation again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
at this time to submit for consideration a res-
olution calling for information which should be
sent to the Committee on Public Lands, in
connection with a bill which was introduced
and referred to that committee this morning.
The resolution is as follows:
Betolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to commun icate to this House all theinform-
ation to be obtained frcnn the records and files of
his Department relative to thecondition, occupancy,
and area of the Hot Springs Reservation, in Hot
Springs county. State of Arkansas.
' No objection being made, the resolution was
received, considered, and agreed to.
The •SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
commenced, and reports are in order from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
e. r. and s. w. clarke.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary were discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill
No. 402, to confirm the title of Ethan Ray
Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to certain
lands in the State of Florida, claimed under
grant from the Spanish Government; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
charles clarke.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committeeonthe Judiciary were also discharged
from the further consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 146, for the relief of Charles
Clarke, marshal of the United States for the
district of Maine; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
indemnity for ofeicial acts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back with sundry
amendments House bill No. 859, to declare
valid and conclusive certain proclamations of
the President, and acts done in pursuance
thereof, or of his orders, in the suppression of
the late rebellion against the United States,
with a recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
all acts, proclamations, and orders of the Pres-
ident of the United States, or acts done by his
authority or approval after the 4th of March,
1861, and before the 1st day of December, 1865,
respecting martial law, military trials by courts-
martial or military commissions, or the arrest,
imprisonment, and trial of persons charged,
with participation in the late rebellion against
the United States, or as aiders or abettors
thereof, or as guilty of any disloyal practice in
aid thereof, or of affording aid and comfort
to rebels against the authority of the United
States, and all proceedings and acts done or
had by courts-martial or military commissions,
or arrests and imprisonments made in the prem-
ises by any person by the authority of the orders
or proclamations of the President, made as
aforesaid, are hereby approved in all respects,
legalized, and made valid, to the same extent
and with the same effect as if  id orders and
proclamations had been issued and made, and
said arrests, imprisonments, proceedings, and
acts had been done under the previous express
authority and direction of the Congress of the
United States, and in pursuance of a law thereof
previously enacted and expressly authorizing
and directing the same to be done. And no
civil court of the United States, or of any State,
or of any District or Territory of the United
States, shall have or take jurisdiction of, or in
any manner reverse any of the proceedings had
or acts done as aforesaid, nor shall any person
be held to answer in any of said courts for any
act done or omitted to be done in pursuance
of any of said proclamations or orders, or by
authority or with the approval of the President
within the period aforesaid, and respecting any
of the matters aforesaid; and all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, and inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, are hereby repealed.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to insert after the words "or as
guilty of any disloyal practice in aid thereof
the words " or of any violation of the laws or
usages of war."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
words "and no civil court of the United States
or of any State" the words " or of the District
of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert near the
close of the bill, after the words "and respect-
ing any of the matters aforesaid," the follow-
ing:
And all officers and other persons in the service of
the United States, acting in the premises, shall be
held prima facie to have been authorized by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, it strikes
me that this bill goes very far; but we go to
an extreme and an unprecedented length when
we undertake to adopt a provision such as that
proposed in the amendment. It proposes to
enact that any officer of the United States,
when called to answer for wrongful acts com-
mitted by him, shall be held prima facie to
have received authority for such acts. Sir, I
think we had better let things take the ordi-
nary course. If provost marshals of the United
States have without legal authority imprisoned
men, willfully locked them up from mere caprice
or malice, why not let such cases take the reg-
ular course of the law ? Why should this Con-
gress undertake to declare that, because men
held appointments under the United Stated it
shall be presumed prima facie that all their
acts were done under the direct authority of
the Secretary of War and the President? It
is reversing the proper order of things and
requiring a party to prove a negative.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is
the purpose of the committee to provide in
this bill a complete indemnity for persons who
have acted for the United States in connection
with the various subject-matters mentioned in
the provisions of the bill. It is for the purpose
