646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
of making this indemnity effectual that I have
proposed the pending amendment. I now
demand the previous question on the amend-
ment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 169, nays 37, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker,
Baxter, Beamau, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwell, Brooina.Il, Buekland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot. Farns-
wortn, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas HubbarjL Johnli. Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian,
Kelley, Ivelso, K^tch am, Koontz, Kuykendall, Latiin,
Latham, George V. Lawrense, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Mars ton, Marvin, McClurg,McIndoe,McKee,
MeRuer, Mereur, Miller. Moorhead, Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
fpalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, John L. Thomas,
rowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridgc—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson,Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hise, Ed-
win N. Hubbell,.Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Kerr,
Le Blond, Lettwich, Marshall, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Xaber, Nelson
Taylor, Thornton, and Trimble—37.
N OT V OTiNG—Messrs. Alley. Ames, Amell, Banks,
Blaine, Blow, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dodge, Hale, Harris, Hart, Henderson,
Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard. James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, William Law-
rence, Maynard, McCullough, Morrill, - Patterson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, W illiam H. Randall. John II. Rice,
Rousseau. Sawyer, Starr, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, An-
drew H. W ard, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Stephen
F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wright—45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether he has any other
amendments to offer to the bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have not.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man what course he intends to pursue in re-
gard to the bill—whether he intends to put it.
upon its passage now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is my purpose
to put that bill upon its passage.
Mr. LE BLOND. At this time, and with-
out debate ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Of course if I put
it upon its passage now it will be without de-
bate.
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, I did suppose the
gentleman would allow at least a few minutes
debate upon this proposition. I should like to
say something myself if the gentleman will per-
mit me.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I should be very
glad to permit the discussion of this bill if it
were possible for me to do so without inter-
feringwiththe other business of the committee.
Mr. LE BLOND. Oh, Mr. Speaker, it
seems to me, the Constitution is paramount to
any other business that is pending, and some
little debate ought to be given to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, this
committee has not been called for several
weeks, and probably will not be called again
during this session. A great deal of the im-
portant business is in the hands of that com-
mittee, and several members desire to submit
thjff reports for the action of the House,;
therefore it will be impossible for me to con-
sume the morning hour of the day in the dis-
cussion of ^his measure without depriving the
committee of an opportunity to report their
important, bills.
Mr. DELANO. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. Perhaps the House may consent to
put this measure in a position where it will
receive some little consideration. It is un-
doubtedly an important measure, rendered
necessary by the decision of the Supreme
Court recently made, which decision I think
would be properly reviewed and considered in
the discussion of this measure.
I look upon the measure as one of vast im-
portance to the nation. It involves really the
nation's power for its own protection; and in
view of its importance I think it would be well
for the country that the House should consider
it. I want to know whether the power of this
nation for its own preservation lies at the power
of any one man. I think it is time the country
should know it, and indirectly as this whole
subject is embraced in the bill, I suggest
whether, as this measure cannot now be dis-
cussed, it should not be put in a shape where
it can receive the consideration which it de-
serves. I myself think it is a subject which
the House should consider early and settle in
such manner as to show its disapprobation to
the decision of the Supreme Court which has
rendered this bill a necessity.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say,
sir, I sympathize with the views expressed by
the gentleman from Ohio. I regret the neces-
sity of asking the House to pass upon this bill
without deliberate consideration, and if I can
be relieved of this necessity, by order of the
House, that it will not lead to undue postpone-
ment of this measure I shall be glad to be so
relieved. If an early day can be fixed for the
discussion of this as a special order, to be con-
tinued from day to day until disposed of, I shall
not object to that order being made by the
House.
The subject embraced in this bill is one
of more importance than any other that has
been presented to the House during this or
any other Congress since the foundation of the
Government. It involves all of the questions
embraced in the recent decision of the Supreme
Court in the Milligan ease. It proposes to
bring the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment in conflict with the views of that
court as expressed by the majority. But I
do not think the measure should be crowded
through the House with unseemly haste; and
if such proposition can be made as I have
suggested, I will be thankful to the House
for making it.
Mr. DELANO. What will you consent to?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must first ask
the Chair what day we can fix.
The SPEAKER. In response to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Iowa, the Chair would
state that there are already five special orders
in the House undisposed of; namely: the bills
in regard to appointments to and removals
from office ; in regard to counting illegal elect-
oral votes at a presidential election; from the
Judiciary Committee, amendatory of tbe cur-
rency law; from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, amendatory of the same law, and a
railroad grant at Puget sound. There are also
five special orders undisposed of in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ;
namely, the following appropriation bills: in-
valid pensions, consular and diplomatic, Mili-
tary Academy, Post Office, and fortifications.
The Committee on Appropriations have also
yet to report the Army and Na y appropriation
bills, and for sundry civil expenses, which will
be special orders in the Committee of the
Whole. And the Committee of Ways and
Means will also probably report a bill amend-
atory of the internal revenue act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with leave to report at any time ;
that will take it out of the morning hour and
allow it to be freely and fairly considered.
Mr. SCHENCK. You will give at least one
day's notice.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask whether the bill as
it now stands legalizes the release of rebel
property. It seems to me, at a hasty glance, it
does more than the gentleman would like. I
do not want to legalize the action of a large
number of persons during the last two years,
merely for the sake of indemnifying some of
our friends who ought to be indemnified.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It ia not the pur-
pose of the committee to go beyond the class
of cases named by the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Milligan case. I do not think it
goes beyond that. It is not the purpose of the
committee to ratify any proceeding on the part
of the President to which the gentleman refers.
We do not enter on that at all.
Mr, ROGERS. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. I am a member of this com-
mittee, and it has more business before it than
any committee of this House. I am the only
member of it, I suppose, who is opposed to this
bill. It appears to be the practice of the com-
mittee to run these bills through without allow-
ing an opportunity for even a member of the
committee to be heard. It is almost useless
for me to act upon them in the committee, for
I am not heard at all. I must say, however,
that I disagree with them in all these bills of a
revolutionary character which the committee
are getting up.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Unless the gentle-
man objects to the proposition I am not dis-
posed to yield for a lecture by him.
Mr. ROGERS. I am objecting.
The question was taken; and the bill was
recommitted to the commtitee and ordered to
be printed, with authority to report at any time
on giving one day's notice.
OATH FOR ATTORNEYS, ETC.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
230, to prescribe an oath for public officers and
members of the bar, and for other purposes,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute therefor, by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting the following :
That no person shall be permitted to act as an
attorney or counselor in any court of the United
States who has been guilty of treason, bribery, mur-
der, or other felony, or who has been engaged iu any
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, or who has given aid. comfort, or encourage-
ment to the enemies of the United States in armed
hostility thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the first sec-
tion of this act is hereby declared to be a rule of every
court of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the judge or judges of any such court,
when the suggestion is made in open court that any
person acting as an attorney or counselor of said
court, or offering or proposing to so act, is barred
by tbe provisions of this act, or whenever said judge
or judges shall believe that such person is so barred,
to inquire and ascertain whether such person has
been guilty of treason, bribery, murder, or other
felony, or whether he has been engaged in any re-
bellion againstthe Government of the United States,
or whether he has given aid, comfort, or encourage-
ment to the enemies of the Lnited States in armed
hostility thereto; and if the court shall be of opin-
ion that such person has been guilty of treason,
bribery, murder, or other felony,_ or that he has
been engaged in any rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, or that he has given
aid, comfort, or encouragement to the enemies of
the United States in armed hostility thereto, to
exclude or debar such person from the office of
attorney or counselor of said court; and any person
who shall testify falsely in any examination mado
by any court as aforesaid shall be guilty of perjury,
and liable to the pains and penaltiesof perjury.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, as the
amended bill has been read by the Clerk I
shall be saved the necessity of much explana-
tion. It is very well known that the majority
of the Supreme Court have declared the test
oath unconstitutional so far as by act of Con-
gress the attempt was made to apply it to coun-
selors and attorneys in the courts of the Uni-
ted States. The purpose of this bill is to de-
clare by a rule, which, I take it, under the
Constitution and by the decisions of the courts
of the United States, it is entirely competent
for the legislative department of the Govern-
ment to declare, that certain persons shall not
hold the office of attorney or counselor in any
court of tbe United States. It provides that
persons who are guilty of certain offenses shall
be debarred from that office in all of the courts
of the United States.
We believe, as a eommittec, that it is entirely
competent for Congress to declare, not qmj
what the rules of the Supreme Court shall be
in reference to this particular class of cases,
but in reference to every case which can pos-
