1866. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
station for the protection of our countrymen
until the arrival of Hear Admiral Pearson.
The appearance of so distinguished a com-
mander, with a formidable squadron, on the
eve of so important an occasion, and in tlie
absence of Rear Admiral Pearaon, was oppor-
tune and fortunate.
The course pursued by Commodore Rodgers
in protecting American interests, and in observ-
ing and preserving neutrality in the harbor,
met with approval. Whatever may have been
his opinions or feelings as regards the course
which the Spanish admiral thought proper to
pursue, he was not required to interpose his
force against or for either party. As the armed
representative of this Government, which was
on friendly terms with each of the belligerents,
it became'his duty, even while endeavoring to
mitigate the harsh severities of war, to main-
tain a strict, neutrality. His friendly offices in
the cause of humanity were manifested so long
as they could be effective ; but the officers of
other "neutral Powers having declined to unite
in any decided steps to protect the city, no
alternative remained for him to pursue, con-
sistently with the position of thi3 Government
toward the parties, than that which he adopted.
After the bombardment of Valparaiso, which
took place on the 31st of March, the Spanish
fleet retired from before the city and proceeded
toCallao. Hear Admiral Pearson, who reached
Valparaiso on the 17th of April, also pro- ?
ceeded to Callao, and was present diiring the
attack on the defenses of that port on the 2d j
day of May. No occasion was presented for |
him to depart from the neutral position which 1
had been taken, and which has been strictly 1
observed throughout the contest, toward these
belligerents.
OCLF SQUADRON. I
Affairs of public policy required _ that an
organized squadron should be continued in
tlie Gulf of Mexico. Commodore John A.
Winslow was selected for that command, and
entered upon liis duties on the 7th day of May,
lWn. The vessels of this squadron consist of—
IMrella, flag-sliip  3 guns.
Mahaska I'J 'l(
Tallapoosa 10
Potomac 26 „
Paul Jones  g „
Chocura  9 ..
Tnhotna  4 „
Yucca   - „
Glasgow  -
Charlotte  -
The vessels have patrolled the Gulf of Mex-
ico. and repeatedly visited all the ports on our
coast from Key West to the Rio Grande; also,
IIsu ana, Matanzas, and Cardenas, on the north
side of Cuba, and the waters of the Rio Grande
and Tampico, in Mexico.
On repeated occasions during the year one
or more vessels of this squadron have been
sent to Tampico. Apprehensions were at
times entertained .by American residents in
that city as to their entire security and safety.
The reports of the commanding officers to
whom this service was assigned indicate that
neither American citizens nor American inter-
ests have suffered violence from either of the
contending parties.
During the spring and summer, reports were
circulated of the intentions of lawless parties
to seize colored persons on the southern coasts
of the Gulf States and carry them into slavery,
the neighboring island of Cuba being their
alleged destination. Such contemplated vio-
lations of our laws and the rights of humanity
were sufficient of themselves to arouse tlie
vigilance of the Gulf and coast squadrons,
each of which had its attention called to the
subject, and was at all times vigilant to detect
such schemes, if they existed, and to inter-
cept those who should venture to engago in
them. Judicious inquiry and anxious watch-
ing have failed to bring to light any attempt to
carry on this detestable traffic. Precaution
was taken, by dispatching a vessel for the
especial purpose, to warn our consular repre-
sentatives at the neighboring ports of Cuba of
suspected movements of the kind referred to,
and from an expression of opinion obtained
from those officers and others after diligent
inquiry, it is difficult to believe that, even if' an
expedition of that character were successful in
departing from our shores, it would be per-
mitted to land or be received into Cuba. i
i
SPECIAL SERVICE. • 1
Besides the vessels attached to the several
squadrons, a number are on special service.
The Sabine, the apprentice-ship of the Navy;
the Massachusetts, Memphis, and Newberti,
which are used in conveying supplies, mails,
and officers and seamen to and from the squad-
rons on the coast; the Purveyor, which has
recently returned from St. Paul de Loando,
where she landed a cargo of stores for the Eu-
ropean and South Atlantic squadrons; the Don
and Ascutney, used for towing and other service
between the yards and stations; the Sacra-
mento, on a special cruise and under special J
instructions to the coast of China and Japan, j
touching at various localities in the route for j
the purpose of her mission; and the Michigan,
employed on the lakes.
The Sabine has her headquarters at New j
London, with her field for cruising extending
from the coaSt of Maine to the Capes of the
Delaware.
The Michigan, as soon as the ice permitted
the resumption of navigation, early in May, was
about proceeding on a cruise through the lakes,
when disturbances on the frontier assumed such
proportions as to require the cooperation of
that vessel with the military and civil authori-
ties to preserve in good faith the neutrality laws.
The Michigan was engaged in this duty from
early in May until June, delaying her annual
cruise to the upper lakes. When the armed
force which invaded Canada was defeated, the
fugitives, driven from their positions by the
force directed against them, were, about seven
hundred of them, captured in their retreat by
the Michigan on tlie 3d of June, in Niagara
river, off Lower Black Rock. They were
retained and provisioned on board the Michi-
gan until tlie 5th, when they were turned over
to the civil authorities. On the lGth of June
Captain Bryson was notified by the military
commander of the district that the cooperation
of the Michigan was no longer required at that
point, the difficulties on that portion of the
frontier having terminated. Shortly afterward
the Michigan made a circuit of the upper lakes,
visiting Cleveland, Detroit, Mackinaw, Green
Bay, Milwaukee, Racine, Grand Haven, and
returning to Erie and Buffalo.
The steam frigate Susquehanna, Commodore
James Aldou, is on special service, having been
ordered to convey our minister to the Mexican
republic and Lieutenant General Sherman to
Vera Cruz, or such point as might be required.
MONADNOCK AND MIANTONOMOH.
The turroted or monitor class of vessels was
never designed bv the Department for cruising
purposes, but. for harbor defense and operations
upon our coast. In the object for which they
were intended these vessels are as formidable
and efficient as was anticipated, and will furnish
security to any port, and be able to disperse or
destroy any blockading fleet which may appear
in our"water-?. The peculiar formation of our
coast is in itself a protection against the heavy
and formidable iron-elads of immense tonnage
and deen draught which European constructors
have devised, because, except at a few points,
it will be difficult for them to approach within
cannon-shot of our shores, and there is but a
single port which they can enter from the Capes
of the Chesapeake to the Rio Grande. But,
while in the estimation of our best naval offi-
cers our monitor class of vessels are more than
a match for the monstrous and expensive iron-
clad structures of Europe, they are of such
draught that tliev can enter all of our principal
harbors, and are" therefore peculiarly adapted
to our coast defense.
The impression sought to be created that
the<e vessels could not venture out.-iile the
harbors where they were constructed, or af all
events that they coubl not proceed on a distant
voyage, has been dispelled by the cruise of the
Monadnock, which, after navigating the Atlan-
tic and Pacific, reached San Francisco in safety.
The Miantonomoli, another monitor of the same
type as the Monadnock, crossed the Atlantic,
passed up the Baltic to Croustadt, and has vis-
ited many of the principal ports of Europe.
These vessels have, in these two voyages, dis-
posed in a great degree of the misrepresenta-
tions and prejudices which had been created,
and proved the ability of the turreted vessels
to perform long voyages, when required.
Great credit is due to Commodore John
Rodgers, and the officers and crew who were
charged with the labor, responsibility, and risk
of vindicating the navigating power and capa-
bility of these American naval vessels.- To
Lieutenant Commander Francis M. Bunce,
who volunteered to navigate the Monadnock
to San Francisco, and performed that duty,
which many deemed hazardous, and not a few
denounced as an impossibility, honor and
praise and promotion are due for persevering
and successful daring. Service such as his
cannot otherwise than be appreciated and re-
warded by the country.
Rear Admiral Goldsborough, in a dispatch
dated the 7th of November, 1SG6, says: The
pilot who went from Cherbourg to Brest with
the vessels, a man of large experience, told me
that lie never in his life saw a vessel behave
better than the Miantonomoli, and for his part,
as far as safety was concerned, he would be
willing to go around the world in her. Vice
Admiral Popoff, of the Russian navy, who took
passage in the Miantonomoli from Hamburg to
Cherbourg, also told me that he was particu
larly struck with her good sea qualities in the
midst of a heavy blow and sea encountered just
after leaving the Elbe, and that if he was in
my place he would prefer being on board of
her to the Colorado. Indeed he spoke in the
highest terms with regard to her merits on the
occasion."
Reports of the performance .of the Monad-
nock and the Miantonomoli are appended to
this report.
QV V RANT INF. VESSELS.
A joint resolution of Congress, approved
March :24,180<>, authorized the Secretary of the
Navy to place gratuitously at the disposal of
the commissioners of quarantine, or the proper
authorities of any ports of the United States,
to be used by thc-m for quarantine purposes,
such vessels or hulks belonging to the I nited
States as were not required for other uses by
the national Government; under this authority
the sloops-of-warSaratogaand Portsmouth were
placed at the disposal of the commissioners of
health at New York for service at quarantine—
the first-named on the 20th day of April, and
the other on the 18th day of May. They were
returned to tlie navy-yard in tlie latter part of
September, the commissioners reporting that
they were no longer required.
THE NAVY-Y 1RPS.
During the past year the operations of the
several navv-yards have, with a view to econ-
omy, be-"n "reduced to the lowest limit consist-
ent" with the public interests. On several ves-
sels work has been altogether suspended, and
on others only so much has been done as was
necessary to enable the contractors for the
steam machinery to place portions of their
engines in the hulls. Six vessels of the class
intended for high speed have been launched,
and also three others in which the steam power
has been somew hat reduced in order to increase
the armament. Steani machinery for twelve
vessels of the classes here referred to is in an
advanced condition, and the Department is
under contracts, made during the war, to pro-
vide the vessels in which these engines are to
be placed. It ba3, however, been considered
