1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Skxate &• Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39tii Cong....2d Sess.■
many disadvantages, for no preparations or j|
iim>ro\ fiuents for them have been made, nor [
is tin1 Department authorized to make any, for I
the sale-keeping, protection, and preservation
of \essels which have cost the Government
several millions. Deterioration and perma-
nent injury must be the consequence of this
delav, and, notwithstanding every precaution
has been taken, it is but reasonable to expect
that they have already been damaged to some
extent from their exposed condition.
ENLARGEMENT OF NAVY-YARDS.
The purchase of Seavey's Island, adjacent to
the navv-vard at Kittorv, authorized by the act
of April 17, 1866. ha* been consummated, and
that island now constitutes a part of the Kittery
navv-vard. This acquisition enlarges the here-
tofore" restricted limits at that station, and will
obviate some of the difficulties which have been
experienced in consequence of insufficient room
for the shops, sheds, and storehouses which are
wanted to store materials. The annual loss at
this and other yards by the deterioration of
materials unavoidably exposed to the weather
or <ored, with much inconvenience, in tempo-
rary sheds, has been very great. The want of
sites for the crection of additional storehouses
and sheds has led to propositions for adding
one additional story to the present buildings.
Operations at most of tire yards have been
much embarrassed for want ot room, but at no
one has there been so much difficulty and in-
convenience from this cause as at Philadelphia.
Until the introduction of steam the Philadel-
phia yard was of secondary importance, on
account of its interior location, which rendered
ingress and egress to vessels propelled exclu-
sively by sails difficult and dilatory. But the
revolution wrought by steam ; the manufacture
of iron vessels, and engines, and
the advantage of an interior location wh" m v as
formerly an objection; the facility with >■. !i < !i
iron and coal can be obtained on the Delaware,
and the necessity that our iron and armored
vessels should be laid up in lresh water, will
make the Navy establishment on the Delaware
river important beyond any in the country. It
is impossible, however, to carry on the opera-
tions which are essential at this central point
within the limits of the present yard, which has
scarcely one sixth ot the area of^any other,
almost all being too restricted. Nor can the
present yard, which is within the thickly pop-
ulated part of the city of Philadelphia, be en-
larged except at a cost which precludes the idea
of its accomplishment. Another location must
be obtained. Ten times the water front, and
twenty times the area of the present Philadel-
phia yard are wanted for the naval establish-
ment on the Delaware. There is no doubt that
the present yard will be abandoned, and the
sooner another location is secured, with ample
room for the necessary works, to which the
present establishment can be transferred, the
better will it be for the service and the country.
Should the Senate confirm the law_ which was
passed by the House at the last session, accept-
ing League Island for naval purposes, ample
ground and water front will be obtained.
HARBOR DEFENSE.
The changes which have taken place within
a few years, both in the character of vessels
and guns, have raised questions as to the most
effective means and the best use of those means
for sea-coast defense. The value of iron-clad
vessels, of channel obstructions, and of torpe-
does, as means of defense, are, respectively,
matters for consideration. A communication
was addressed by this Department to the Sec-
retary of War, in February last, suggesting the
organization of a joint Army and Navy board
for the consideration of these questions, and
the adoption of some general principles con-
cerning them.
The extent to which each or all of the means
suggested could be advantageously used, the
best form of iron-clad vessels, the character
of the obstructions and of torpedoes, to what
Department the preparation of these defensive
means properly appertained, and which should
control their use, are points which it is impor-
tant to have defined and settled.
The Secretary of War concurred in the im-
portance of organizing such a board, and
assigned experienced officers to serve upon it
in conjunction with naval officers detailed by
this Department. This board, consisting of
Hear Admirals Charles IT. Davis and John A.
Dahlgren, and Commodore James Alden, of
the Navy, and Brevet Major General J. G. Bar-
nard, Brevet Brigadier General Z. 13. Tower,
and Brevet Brigadier General B. S. Alexander,
of the Army, assembled at AVashington on the
1st of March, and continued in session until the
17th of July, and had these matters before them.
In the discussion of the three leading sub-
jects which have been indicated, it was an
object with the board to arrive at and report
upon some definite plan of proceeding by which
our harbors could, on a sudden alarm or emer-
gency, be put at once in a complete state of
defense against an enemy's fleet.
In their preliminary report the board advo-
cated the importance of having always on hand
a number of iron-clad vessels at each of our
great commercial cities, and within the waters
of our exterior bays; but without further in-
formation both as to the offensive and defensive ;
properties of our forts, and also of our iron :
clads, it was unable to specify the requisite "
number, or to define precisely the part they
should perform in the defense of our harbors,
| especially as that would depend upon the de-
j gree of success which might be attained in a
' well-devised system of channel obstructions.
On the subject of channel obstructions, a
plan submitted by one of their number was
favorably received by the board, who recom-
mended that it should be tested experiment-
ally; but such a tesi would have involved a ;
large expenditure of money, for which there
1 was no adequate appropriation. The board also
recommended some general experiments to be
made under their direction for ascertaining and
settling certain general principles concerning
the effect of torpedoes. A fter a very full exam-
ination the members became convinced that
they could arrive at no definite conclusions on
the points submitted without preliminary ex-
periment ; and satisfied that they could not add
materially to what they had already reported,
the board was dissolved by order of the Depart-
ment.
The subject is, however, of great impor-
tance, and should receive thorough consider-
ation.
PROMOTIONS.
In conformity with the provisions of the act
of the 25th of July last, "to define the num-
ber and regulate the appointment of officers in
the Navy, and for other purposes," selections
were made for promotion and advancement in
the brief period which remained after the pas-
sage of the act, and before the close of the last
session of Congress. This labor was much
facilitated by consultations which had previ-
ously taken place with most ot the officers of
the highest rank in the service who were on
the active list, and under whom nearly every
officer had served during the war. But the
requirement, "that the increase in the grades
authorized by this act shall be made by selec-
tien from the grade next below, of oflicers
who have rendered the most efficient and faith-
ful service during the recent war, and who pos-
sess the highest professional qualifications and
attainments," could scarcely be expected,under
any circumstances, to be carried into effect with-
out causing some disappointment. By the act
of January 24,1805, au advance, " not exceed-
in" thirty numbers, in rank for having exhib-
ited eminent and conspicuous conduct in bat-
tle or extraordinary heroism, was author-
ized. In the selections for promotion the tests
prescribed by Congress controlled when the
qualifications in other respects were unexcep-
tionable. Many officers afloat had no battle-
record ; others possessing high qualifications,
but occupied in other duties, had unfortunately
been in no position to render actual fighting
service during the recent war. Some few have
necessarily been superseded by their more for-
tunate juniors, whose record being in all re-
spects meritorious, they were selected for pro-
motion under one or both of the tests which
Congress adopted.
But for the war no such law would have been
enacted, and the great object of the law was
the recognition of war services. Governments
very justly recognize and reward courage and
success. The acts of 1865 and 1806 gave prefer-
ence for promotion or advancement to those
meritorious officers who had distinguished
themselves by their heroic qualities and achieve-
ments over those who were not endowed with
those qualities, or who had been so unfortunate
as to have no battle-record.
"Where all had done so well, it was a deli-
cate and embarrassing duty to discriminate and
select for promotion. No body of men ever
acquitted themselves with more honor than the
gallant officers of the Navy during the late war,
and it is a gratification to know that, while some
have received higher honors than others, yet
every one on the active list who faithfully dis-
charged his duty, has, by the liberal provisions
of the Government, been advanced, and, if not
promoted, occupies a higher number in his
grade by the operation and administration of
the law.
By the provisions of the third section of the_
law, a board of naval officers,_ consisting of
Commodore S. P. Lee, Captain Toxha.ll A.
Parker, and Commander John Lee Davis, ivai
convened at Hartford, on the 5th of September,
for the purpose of examining such officers as
have served in the volunteer naval service for
a period of not less than two years, with in-
structions, after examining the claims of all
candidates, to select and report from the most
meritorious in character, ability, professional
competency, and honorable service the num-
ber authorized to be appointed and transferred
to the regular Navy under the act. This board
was subsequently enlarged by the addition ot
Captain Daniel Ammeu and Commanders Wal-
ter W. Queenand Iv. Randolph Breeze. Owing
to the large number of candidates who desire
to avail themselves of the privilege of the act,
as well as to the thoroughness of the examina-
tion, and also to the fact that all who claim the
right must be examined before the authorized
selections can be made, there will be necessary
and unavoidable delay on the part of the board
in making their report.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval Academy is reestablished at An-
napolis, with some enlargement of the grounds
and some important improvements. No meas-
ures were adopted by Congress for establish-
ing the institution elsewhere on the Chesa-
peake, where there might be greater seclusion,
with more ample area for those connected with
the Academy. The appropriations for addi-
tions and improvements of the present site,
with the acquisition of more ground, will obvi-
ate some of the objections which were_ taken
against that location. The authorities of Mary-
land have manifested a warm interest in the
Academy, and afforded facilities for enlarging
the premises, which were, and still are, too
limited. They have also, by suitable legis-
lation and by municipal regulations to guard
and protect the midshipmen from improper
influences, done acceptable service in another
respect. .
On resuming possession of the academic
grounds and buildings, expensive repairs be-
came necessary in order to place them in proper
condition for the School. During the war the
houses and buildings had been used for Army
and hospital purposes, and the grounds had
been broken and impaired by wagon roads whila
