1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141B
the United States service, to February 21,1866,
the date of his original application for a pen-
sion, which he failed to obtain in his lifetime
by reason of his application not being filed
within one year from the date of his disability.
The substitute reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tax bill.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope that motion will not
be adopted until the Committee on Invalid
Pensions have concluded their reports. There
are very few cases remaining. In these bills
the hopes of widows and maimed soldiers and
orphan children are bound up.
The motion of Mr. Mooehead was not agreed
to.
mary hose a.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill granting a pension to
Mary Hosea, widow of James Hosea, late of
Carbondale, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the roll of invalid pensioners
the name of Mary Hosea, widow of James
Hosea, late of Carbondale, Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania, at the rate allowed by existing
laws to provost marshals, to continue during
her widowhood. ^
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
david b. champion.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it. pass, a bill granting a pension to
David B. Champion; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the reading
of this bill be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. And if there be no objec-
tion, the reporting of the bill at length will be
dispensed with.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. rachel m'olelland.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the Committeee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No 1153)
for the relief of Mrs. Rachel McClelland.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay or cause
to be paid to Rachel McClelland, widow of
private John F. McClelland, late of company
E, sixteenth regiment Ohio volunteers, a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month from Septem-
ber 19, 1802, to December 6, 1806, the latter
being the date at which her name was placed
upon the pension-rolls.
Mr. RADFORD. I call for the reading of
the report in this case.
The Clerk read the report.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james kiddle.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the Committee on
InvalidPensions, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill for the relief of James
Riddle; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of James Riddle, a resident
of the city of New York, late of company G,
eighth United States infantry, on the pension-
rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from July 29, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to
suspend temporarily the collection of the direct
tax within the State of West Virginia.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 760) for the relief of James
C. Cook; and
An act (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 66)
for the relief of Joseph R. Morris, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
olivia tv. cannon.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a bill (S. No. 581)
entitled " An act granting a pension to Olivia
W. Cannon."
The question was on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill, which was read at length, author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Olivia W. Cannon, widow of
Joseph S. Cannon, late a midshipman in the
United States Navy, upon the pension-rolls, at
the rate often dollars per month, to commence
upon the presentation of satisfactory proof of
identity and widowhood, and to continue during
her widowhood, the pension to be paid out of
the naval pension fund.
Mr. RADFORD. I do not perceive from
the reading of the bill that there is anything in
the circumstances of this case to entitle this
lady to a pension. I see no reason for the
passage of the bill. I call for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. RADFORD. It strikes me very forcibly
that we shall not be warranted in passing this
bill. The report presents no sufficient ground
for its passage. The committee do not claim
to have acted on any testimony. _ Still they
recommend that the name ot this lady be
placed on the pension rolls. I wish that the
gentleman reporting the bill would explain it
more fully than the report does.
Mr. LEFTWICH. This lady will be required
to make out her ease according to the require-
ments of the law.
Mr. RADFORD. I do not see way the
committee should not satisfy themselves con-
cerning the facts before reporting these bills.
We are voting away hundreds of thousands of
dollars, and nobody knows anything about the
facts upon which the claims are supposed to
rest.
Mr. LEFTWICH. I call for the previous
question. t
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
milton velzy.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 1092, for the
relief of Milton Velzy, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Interior shall pay, out of any funds appropria-
ted for payment of pensions, to Milton Velzy,
of Machias, Cattaraugus county, New York, of
company C, one hundred and fourth New
York volunteers, $349 80, which is at the rate
of eight dollars per month from 24th of Decem-
ber, 1862, to 13th of June, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LEFTWICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clement iiurtt.
Mr. LEFTWICH, from the same committee,
also reported adversely on the petition of
Clement Hurtt; and the same was laid ou
the table.
amendment to pension law.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, also reported back adversely
House bill No. 398, to amend an act entitled
" An act to grant pensions,'' approved July 14,
1864; and the same was laid on the table.
adverse reports.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, also reported adversely upon
the petition of Samuel Chambers, a soldier of
the war of 1812; and also upon the petition
of Weymouth Bean; and the same was laid
on the table.
ward i!. burnett.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely Senate bill No.
418, for the relief of Ward B. Burnett; and
the same was laid on the table.
Mr, PERHAM. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
in behalf of wounded soldiers, of widows and
orphans, to thank this House which has so
kindly given us this opportunity to make so
many reports.
tax bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Before
moving to go into committee on the special
order, I move that all debate on the pending
paragraph of the tax bill be closed in ten min-
utes after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of thfe Whole
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the \Vhole on the State or
the Union, (Mr. Boittwell in the chau,) and
resumed the consideration of the tax bill as tne
special order. ,
The Chairman stated the pending amend-
ment was as follows, ou which Mr. Wooderidge
was entitled to the floor :
That se°ctionhonoUtan& and three be amended
