u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3
•39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Repp.
in the occupation of the military forces. Con-
siderable labor and expenditure was necessary
in renovating and restoring the buildings and
grounds for use. This lias been accomplished
nndcr the immediate direction of the Superin-
tendent. The buildings and grounds are now
in good order, and the institution is in all re-
spects in as prosperous and satisfactory a con-
dition as could be expectedinsobrief aperiod.
A transfer of the executive mansion and
grounds belonging to the State of Maryland,
authorized by the government of that State,
and for which an appropriation was made by
Cpnsrressatits last session, hasbeen completed,
and the land is now inclosed within the aca-
demic grounds, to which it was adjacent, and,
when graded, will make a handsome addition
to the site already owned by the Government.
An appropriation will be necessary, however,
to defray the expense of grading and filling in
the water front, for which the proper estimate
has been made.
An appropriation of $25,000 was made at the
last session of Congress for the purchase of
certain other contiguous property which it was
deemed advisable to secure, but the owners
hold it at such exorbitant rates that the nego-
tiations for it have been discontinued.
A more extensivej-ange for those connected
with the Academy than the present jirea fur-
nishes is much wanted, and was one of the
principal reasons for suggesting a change of
location of the institution in my last annual
communication.
Attention is invited to the recommendation
of the Superintendent for additional accommo-
dations for the officers and assistant professors,
there being suitable locations upon the ground
for the proposed buildings.
The machine-shop erected for the benefit
and improvement of the pupils is completed,
and the machinery, with a propeller engine
adapted to the purpose of instruction, hasbeen
properly prepared.
The midshipmen have the present year en-
tered upon a full theoretical and practical
course of studies in regard to the application
of steam power, so that hereafter the graduat-
ing class will be enabled, with very little prac-
tice afloat, to manage any engine in the Navy,
and will thus have attained in their academic
course the requisite elementary knowledge of
this indispensable part of the profession of the
future naval officer.
Three cadet engineers have been received
into the Academy under the provisions of the
act of July 4, 1864, whicli requires that the
applicant shall, besides satisfactory evidence
of mechanical skill and proficiency, have been
employed at least two years in the actual fab-
rication of steam \nachinery. The stringent
requirements of this act may need modifica-
tion, in order to make it practically useful, for
it is a severe exaction that youths under the
age of eighteen who make application to be
received as cadet engineers shall have had two
years' previous practical experience in such
employment. Under the provisions of this act.
a class of only three who had prepared them-
selves for the purpose was formed, and as the
necessary teachers and accompaniments for so
small a class might be employed to advantage
in improving a larger number, several young
men who had been trained at some of the best
scientific schools, and received the appoint-
ment of acting third assistant engineers in the
Navy, have been added to the class for instruc-
tion in the higher qualifications of their pro-
fession.
The great loss, delay, and embarrassments
experienced during the war in consequence of
the
ignorance,
inefficiency, and incompetency
of many of the engineers, admonish the Gov-
ernment of the necessity of educating and
training men of ability to this highly respon-
sible profession. Our naval officers must them-
selves hereafter be familiar with steam enginery
as well as with seamanship, in order to be
masters of their profession. Unless this is
the case they cannot be masters of their ship,
but will be dependent on the engineer who
controls its motive power, and whose negli-
gence or incompetency may destroy its effi-
ciency.
The cadet engineers, making, as they will,
steam and steam machinery a specialty, must
attain proficiency, and from their acquirements
and mechanical skill will become a highly sci-_
cntific and useful class, indispensable to the"
service, and more useful, perhaps, in the de- j
sign and construction of engines than in duty
afloat.
Great credit is due to the energetic and ju- ,
dicious efforts of the Superintendent, who has
given to the Academy the benefit of his ac-
quirements and experience, and who in his j
well-directed labors has had the earnest coop- !
eration of those associated with him in educat- !
ing the future officers of the Navy. Under j
such management, fostered and sustained by
the Government, the institution takes high j
rank and will be of incalculable service to the
country. j
Some valuable suggestions are made in the :
very able report of the Board of Visitors, as
well as ii^that of the Superintendent, both of
which are appended and commended to the
consideration of Congress and all "who feel an
interest in the success of the Navy.
NAVAL APPRENTICES.
The revival of the system of naval appren-
tices, authorized by the act approved March 2,
1S37, promises encouraging results. Having
been imperfectly understood and not judiciously
carried into effect at its origin, nearly thirty
years ago, and compelled to encounter not only
indifference and prejudice, but opposition, the
execution of the law had been neglected and
fallen into disuse.
Time and experience will still be needed to
perfect the system, which has many difficulties
to overcome, for it is yet in its infancy; but
when fairly established and its merits fully de-
veloped, important benefits may be anticipated
from it, not only to the naval but the mer-
chant service. A class of educated and trained
seamen will go forth yearly from the school-
ships to give character and efficiency to Amer-
ican commerce as well as to the American
Navy. Under judicious and skillful manage-
ment the school-ships will be nurseries for the
naval and merchant service, from which,when
the system is in full operation, there will grad-
uate a superior class of well-instructed and
thoroughly-disciplined seamen, who in a few
years will elevate and thoroughly revolutionize
the maritime force of the country.
If the Government would enlist the best class
of boys as apprentices, it must, as has been
heretofore suggested, make the service attract-
ive ; and to do this most effectually, the rec-
ommendation is renewed that a portion of those
most proficient and most deserving shall re-
ceive appointments to the Naval Academy.
To carry this recommendation into effect, the
plan proposed in my last report, that of con-
ferring one half of the yearly appointments
upon the naval apprentices who shall pass the
best examination, instead of appointing the
whole from congressional selection, is most
available.
SEAMEX.
On former occasions and in various ways tHe
attention of Congress has been invited to the
condition of our seamen. Some measures
should be taken to ameliorate and improve
their condition and to increase their numbers,
for neglect on the part of the Government, in-
attention to their merits and their wants, and
more remunerative employment and greater
consideration in other pursuits, are having
their effect in retarding the increase of this
useful and deserving class. Without repre-
sentation or political influence, identified with
no party, though always true to their flag, the
sailors have received little attention from our
legislators. This is, perhaps, in part owing to
the fact that no one Department of the Govern-
ment is clothed with special authority in regard
to them. At an early day after the adoption
of the Constitution, general duties respecting
seamen were distributed amongseveral Depart-
ments of the Government. The Treasury De-
partment is intrusted with the navigation inter-
est, and nominally with the care and protection
of our sea-faring men. The State Department,
through our consuls abroad, is charged with
the duty of providing for destitute American
seamen in foreign ports. The Navy Depart-
ment, which procures its naval recruits mainly
from the merchant marine, has the care of
enlisted seamen.
No one Department is specially charged with
the duty of attending to a class which, more
than any other, needs the friendly and protect-
ing care of the Government. Their interest
and welfare are, consequently, almost wholly
neglected, and from their roving life, liable to
imposition when ashore, they become the vic-
tims of sharpers, who soon rob them of the
wages they have earned while afloat.
Elsewhere in this report mention has been
made of the importance of school-ships at the
principal sea-ports, where boys maybe received,
educated, and trained for naval seamanship,
and where their youthful ambition may bestiin-
ulated with the hope that by their own exer-
tions, and by propriety of conduct, they may
enter the Academy and bccome officers of the
Navy. This commencement will do much to
elevate the character of the American sailor.
While some of the apprenticed boys would
doubtless enter and obtain honorable position
in the merchant marine, most of them would,
with proper encouargement, continue through
life in the public service, or until age had inca-
pacitated them for duty. A small pension after
not less than twenty years' service for such as
preferred it to support in the asylum already
provided, would attach them to the Govern-
ment with which they would feel .themselves
identified. In his roving and unsettled life the
sailor seldom accumulates property, and a pen-
sion of halfhis monthly wages to comfort declin-
ing age would be but just after he has given hia
best years to his country.
Movements have been recently made in be-
half of their seamen by some of the maritime
countries, which have become aware of the
necessity of taking measures to retain the re-
quisite complement of seamen for naval and
commercial purposes.
In our own country our best naval officers
and intelligent merchants are interesting them-
selves in this subject, and Congress and the Gov-
ernment cannot remain indifferent to it without
putting in jeopardy our commercial and naval
supremacy. But in order that the whole sub-
ject may be duly considered, and the best meas-
ures adopted for wise and intelligent legisla-
tion, there should be connected with the Navy
Department a properly organized bureau, which
should have in charge the whole subject relat-
ing to seamen, not only the men-of-warsmen,
but the shipped seamen of the_ merchant ser-
vice. Such a bureau, with an intelligent and
practical seaman of either the naval or mer-
chant marine at its head, one who understands
the existing evils, comprehends the necessity
of thorough and radical action, appreciates the
growing wants of the country, and has the en-
ergy, industry, and zeal necessary for the work,
could mature a system which would constitute
the basis of future legislative action and be of
benefit to both tile seamen and the country.
The division of this and other incidents of
the naval and commercial marine of the coun-
try among the different Departments tends to
confusion, augmented expense, and ineffi-
ciency. It is a departure from the uniform
practice and organization of other maritime
Governments, all of which, so far as known,
place in the charge of their marine depart-
