1866 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
meut nil that belongs to their navigating inter-
ests. '1 he adoption of such a plan here would
secure that unit}- of action ami purpose which
is indispensable to tlie best and wisest admin-
istration. I he duties of the Light-House
Board, the great and important operations of
the (."oa-t Survey, and the revenue-cutter ser-
vice. which bring; the naval power of the coun-
try to the aid of its iinanci.il and revenue
system, are all legitimate branches of the ad-
ministration of the. Navy Department. Ocean
transportation for military purposes should be
a naval diu v, and the same may be said of the
cooperation of our consuls in the protection
of our seamen abroad, and providing for the
return to our shows of those who are wrecked
and found destitute. All these matters can be
best regulated and most easily attended to by
being placed under the supervision of ofiicers
familiar with all the exigencies and operations
of the naval service, and who in the perform-
ance of their duties will act under the direct
control of the Department to which they belong.
OUTFIT FOR SEAMF.N.
Complaint is made that, at present prices, and
with an inilated and fluctuating currency, the
seamen find it difficult to procure their outfit
on the wages they receive, it is a question
whether the seamen, who. when on service, are
confined to no particular locality, but, are con-
stancy changing from port to port, and from
one country to another, ought not always to be
paid in coin. It is important to them beyond
any other class that they should receive their
wages in money of true standard value, which
they can use abroad as well as at home, and
that they should not be paid in a fluctuating
paper currency.
it lias been suggested that were an outfit of
clothing to a specified amount, in the nature
of a bounty, furnished each recruit on bis en-
listment, it would remedy to a considerable
extent the difficulties which are experienced.
There are many reasons in favor of this prop-
osition. In the naval service of most coun-
tries, and in the Army of our own, the enlisted
man receives his clothing in addition to his
wages. If compelled, as he is at present, to
furnish an outfit for himself, by an advance of
wages, the sailor commences his service in debt,
becomes dissatisfied, and not unfrequently de-
serts. It is therefore recommended that cloth-
ing to a specific amount be .furnished by the
Government to each sailor on his enlistment.
TIMBEK LANDS.
Many years since the Government adopted
the policy of reserving from sale certain timber
lauds for ''the sole purpose of supplying tim-
ber for the Navy of the United States." The
lands thus reserved were placed under the
control of this Department, and are scattered
through the States of Florida. Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana. Agents were appointed,
with salaries ranging from five hundred to two
thousand dollars per amium, with allowances
for boat hire, horses, wagons, and other alleged
expenses, to protect these lands from depreda-
tion. These agencies were continued, at con-
siderable annual cost to the Government, until
the beginning of the rebellion, when they were
discontinued, and they have not been revived
since the insurrection was suppressed.
Measures for the preservation of live oak
were commenced as early as 1817, and it was
represented at that time that many of the trees
had obtained their full growth. Yet it is not
known that any timber has ever been procured
from these lands for the Government, but, so
far as ascertained, every stick of live oak which
has been used by the Navy has been purchased,
and there is little doubt that jnuch of it was
cut and taken from the timber reservations
which had for years been protected by Gov-
ernment agents, at great annual expense to
the Government.
Since the restoration of peace, ineffectual
search has been made for the maps and papers
relating to these lands, but they have not yet
been found. Whether they have been mis-
placed or were abstracted by those who had
access to and charge of them, but who fled
South at the commencement of the rebellion,
cannot be stated. Some difficulty may be ex-
perienced in ascertaining the quantity and pre-
cise locality of these reservations, but from
what has taken place, it is evident that the
policy of timber reservations with salaried
agents to protect them is a costly failure, and
should be abandoned. The Government has
experienced no inconvenience in procuring
ship-timber from private parties, nor is it ap-
prehended that any embarrassment will occur
from that source in the immediate future. Un-
der these circumstanccs it is a question whether
the Government should not, through the Land
Office, resume possession of these reserved
lands, and put them in market to be sold for
general purposes.
NAVAL PENSION FUND.
At the date of the last annual report the
naval pension fund amounted to $9,000,000.
There has been added during the year the sum
of $2,750,000, making the aggregate at the
present time §11,7-30,000. ^
By law one half of the net proceeds of all
prizes, when the captured vessel is of inferior
force, is decreed to the United States, and it
is enacted that all money thus accruing to the
United States from sale of prizes shall be and
remain forever "a fund for the payment of
pensions to the officers, seamen, and marines
who may be entitled to receive the same, and
if the said fund shall be insufficient for the
purpose, the puliic faith is pledged to make
up the deficiency; but if it should be more
than sufficient the surplus shall be applied to
the making of further provision for the com-
fortof disabled officers, seamen, and marines.''
The efficient and active vigilance ofthe Navy
in capturing prizes, and the promptness with
which their adjudication has been enforced,
has placed in the Treasury a fund the income
of which is more than sufficient to pay the pen-
sions at present rates. Further legislation is
therefore required in order that " the surplus
shall be applied to the making of further pro-
vision for the comfort of disabled officers, sea-
men, and marines."
The subject is submitted for consideration
that the necessary provision may be made to
carry into effect the pledged faith of the Gov-
ernment.
PENSIONS.
On the 1st of November last, the Navy pen-
sion-roll was as follows:
1,057 invalids, with annual pensions amounting
to  $78,637 05
1.208 widows and orphans, annually re-
ceiving    192,102 00
2,265 persona receiving a total annual
amount of 
... $270,739 05
This amount will be somewhat increased by
virtue of the provisions of the acts of June 6
and July 25, 18G0.
COMPENSATION OF CLERKS.
The compensation to the clerical force of the
Department is small for the service rendered,
and insufficient for the support, in a manner
becoming their position, of the clerks and
their families. All persons who have fixed
incomes are injuriously affected by our ex-
panded currency. With the ruling high prices
for rents and the necessaries of life, the struggle
of such as have low salaries and dependent
families is extremely severe. A fair compen-
sation on the part of the Government to those
who faithfully serve it is undoubtedly the best
policy.
An extra allowance, if made to the employes
of any Department, should be extendedm like
manner to the clerks in the other Depart-
ments, who are as faithful and as meritorious,
and subject to the same expenses as those who
have received the special benefaction of Con-
gress. The discrimination which is made is
not only invidious, but iti its effect most dis-
couraging upon those who, while laboring with
equal fidelity and assiduity in similar positions,
are denied corresponding remuneration. No
money ofthe Government is more judiciously
expended than that which is paid to the capa-
ble and faithful clerical force in the Depart-
ments ; and that of the Navy Department I
earnestly commend to the special considera-
tion of Congress.
EXPENSES AND ESTIMATES.
The available resources of the Department for the
fiscal year ending June30,1866,wero, $142,291,919 40
Expenditures  43,324,526 42
Leaving a balance at the commence-
ment of the present fiscal year of.... 98,867,392 98
Tho appropriations lor the current
year amount to  18,976,607 50
Making the total available resources
for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1SG7  $117,041,000 48
As several of the bureaus will have unex-
pended appropriations, which will be ample
for some time to come, they have made no
estimates for the fiscal vear ending June 00,
1868.
The following amounts are asked for :
Pay of officers and men of the Navy  S10.S26.280 00
Pay for labor and superintendence in
navy-yards  7,976,192 00
Bounties to discharged seamen  500,001) 00
Navigation, Naval Academy, Observa-
tory, &c  612,239 15
Magazines, &c  80,000 00
Surgeons' necessaries and hospitals  386,,">13 00
Contingent expenses  I,"'1 .V"'" 00
Support of Marine corps  1,.7.0,212 "1
Total  £23,568,-136 16
The large unexpended balance in the Treasury
J at the close of the last fiscal year is embraced
I in appropriations under more than one hundred
i different heads. Many of these are continuous,
have been made for years, their expenditure
will be protracted through years to come, and,
though assisting to make up a large balance,
cannot be dispensed with. There are large
amounts, however, under the heads of '•con-
struction," "steam engineering," ''ord-
nance," "provisions and clothing," and
"fuel," which can with propriety revert to the
Treasury. No appropriations under these
heads were made for the current year, and for
the ensuing year none are asked. In the course
of time the appropriations would be exhausted,
but it is not believed to be in accordance with
sound public policy in time of peace to contiime
such large amounts at the disposal of the
Department.
Liberal appropriations for the naval service
were made duringthe existence of the war, but
the funds of the Department were always care-
fully and economically expended. This fact
is attested by the numerous claims of contract-
ors for relief now before Congress; and the
result is, that the Department is able to com-
plete all the vessels and engines contracted for
before the close of the war, and designate
appropriations to the amount of about fifty
million dollars that can be relinquished to the
Treasury, or may be othervise disposed of by
Congress.
It has heretofore been deemed essential to
correct administration that there should lie an-
nual estimates for proposed expenditures, and
specific appropriations therefor after examina-
tion by Congress, and this Department has no
desire to evade this annual scrutiny.
THE BUEE4CS.
The reports of the several chiefs of bureaus
and ofthe colonel commandant of the Mariie
corps are appended, and are referred to l >i'
full information of the operation of their sev-
eral departments. A brief abstract only can
here be given.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
gives in detail a statement of tho repairs and
