1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
a clause has been passed upon, it is not com-
petent to introduce another to immediately
follow it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is precisely what I
have done ; and I propose to have read the
section of the old law, in order that the House
may be. informed of the effect of my amend-
ment. «
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate will be in
order until another paragraph of the text of
the bill has been read.
Mr. ROSS. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the reading of the section would be
in the nature of debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I cannot now explain
the effect of my amendment I will withdraw it.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That schedule B, in relation to stamp duties named
in section one hundred and fifty-one. be amended by
inserting after the paragraph relating to conveyance,
and before that relating to entry, the following words:
"Where any deed, instrument, or writing executed
to convey property which is incumbered, the amount
of such incumbrance shall not be included as a part
of the sum upon which the value of the stamp is to
be estimated. No conveyance merely quieting title,
or discharging any incumbrance, or merely confirma-
tory ot preexisting title given without actual consid-
eration, whether given before or after the passage of
this act, shall be treated as invalid for want of a
revenue stamp."
Mr. BIN GHAM. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following:
Nor shall revenue stamps be required in any mat-
ter pertaining to administration or guardianship,
where the trust fund does not excced $2,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixg-
ham] that this is not the precise place for his
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, yes ; it comes in well
enough here, because the text of the bill is to
insert in the statute what is there recited.
Mr. ALLISON. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that
what he desires is already provided for in the
present law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will withdraw my amend-
ment until I can examine the law in the re-
spect to which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] refers.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I propose to
amend the paragraph proposed to be inserted
in the present law by striking out the words
1' of such incumbrance shall not be included
as a part of the sum upon which the value of
the stamp is to be estimated,'' and inserting
in lieu thereof the words "paid for stamps
upon such incumbrances shall he deducted
from the stamps requiredso that the para-
graph will read as follows:
Where any deed, instrument, or writing is exe-
cuted to convey property which is incumbered, the
amount paid for stamps upon such incumbrances
shall be deducted from the stamps required. No con-
veyanco merely quieting title, or discharging &iiy
incumbrance, or merely confirmatory of preexisting
title given "without actual consideration, whether
given before or after the passage of this act, shall be
treated as invalid for want of a revenue stamp.
I think that will better effect the object in-
tended to bo accomplished by the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means than
the text which they have reported. There are
many incumbrances upon real estate which
have not paid any stamp duty. Incumbrances
for mortgages I believs are stamped in the
same ratio as deeds are. But large incum-
brances by judgments and by other means will
be iound in practice to be liens upon real es-
tate. And if these sums are taken from the
value of the real estate the Government will
derive very little revenue from this provision.
Old incumbrances which were imposed upon
property before the passage of any revenue
law requiring stamps, and judgments recov-
ered do not, I believe, pay any stamp duties
under the present law. I therefore propose
that we shall allow the deduction of such sums
as have been paid for stamps upon incum-
brances only, leaving the parties to pay the
residue which the value of the property would
require.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Hardixg,] and I will say
in this connection that I propose, when it
shall be in order, to move to amend by strik-
ing out the following clause:
Where any deed, instrument, or writing executed
to convey property which is incumbered, the amount
of such incumbrance shall not be included as a part
of the sum upon which the value of the stamp is to
be estimated.
The effect of this amendment will be to
strike out all relating to deeds where the prop-
erty has been incumbered. I will state my
reasons for favoring such a proposition.
It is not often, as we all know, that prop-
erty is sold to the party holding the incum-
brance. An individual owns, we will suppose,
a piece of property worth $20,000, upon which
there is a mortgage of $10,000. The prop-
erty is sold to a third person for its full value,
$20,000; the money is paid, and with a part
of this the incumbrance is discharged. In
that case why should not the full amount of
tax be paid? I can conceive no reason why
the tax should not be paid in such a case just
as if the property were not incumbered at all,
because with the purchase money received the
incumbrance is discharged. Where the prop-
erty is sold to the party having the equitable
title, or the legal title if it is a mortgage, only
the balance, perhaps, over the incumbrance
should pay the revenue tax.
In my judgment, a large amount of money
would be lost by the adoption of the clause
which I propose to strike out. We know that
a great deal of the property of the country is
incumbered in various ways. Nothing is more
common than for an individual to sell his
property and with the purchase money pay off
the incumbrances upon it. If these incum-
brances are equal to the value of the property,
then no revenue stamp should be required.
But I take it the Committee of Ways and
Means intended by the provisions of this bill
to cover something more than this: and it
seems to me that in such a case as I have sup-
posed this exemption would not be proper.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that he modify his
amendment before offering it so as to strike
out the whole paragraph instead of simply the
clause he has read. I think the gentleman
from Missouri will agree with me that the
most unfortunate tiling about these amend-
ments is that every additional one adds to the
complication of the law. Now, Mr. Chairman,
look at the last portion of this paragraph:
No conveyance merely quieting title, or discharg-
ing any incumbrance, or merely confirmatory of pre-
existing title given without actual consideration,
whether given before or after the passage of this
act, shall be treated as invalid for want of a revenue
stamp.
Who shall decide that? There never was a
paragraph framed for litigation more success-
fully than this, that is in my judgment.
The best way is to have this as simple as
possible, with as few exceptions as may be.
Such a conveyance under the present law would
pay fifty cents, and there is no litigation and
no question about it. Any title worth quieting
or confirming is worth fifty cents.
I trust the House will not multiply these ex-
ceptions. Let stamps upon written instruments
be as plain and simple and with as few excep-
tions as possible. I do not see any wisdom m
these two exceptions. I agree with the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Bexjamin] in refer-
ence to the first one, and I think he will agree
with me in reference to the last. I understand
the gentleman accepts my modification to strike
out the whole paragraph. _
Mr. DELANO. That is the motion i was
about to make. •
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment. .
Mr. COOK. I move the following amend-
ment :
At the end of line one hundred and twenty-eight
insert" or conveyance of real estate wl ch is donated
without valuable consideration for any public or
charitable use."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LONGYBAR. I move in line one hun-
dred and twenty-four, after the word "incum-
bered," to insert "at the same time to secure
a portion of the purchase money."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move in line one hundred
and twenty-eight, after the word "title," to
insert •' or a title by gift or donation."
As it is now in conveying a lot for a school-
house or for a church or for a grave-yard, you
will have to put on a stamp according to the
value of the real estate, and I do not think
there is any propriety in that.
Mr. ROLLINS. If they .get the land for
nothing they can afford to pay for a stamp.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the entire paragraph; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting the following at the end
of the paragraph relating to probate of wills:
Provided, N o stamp, either for probate or for guard-
ian's bond, shall be required when the value of the
estate and effects docs not exceed $500: and all pa-
pers relating to deceased soldiers shall be exempt
from stamp duties.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to make it $1,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that, and accept it as a modi-
fication,
Mr. DAWES. It should read when the
amount of the bond does not exceed, &c.
Mr. BINGHAM. This is Hie same thing.
Mr. DAWES. I know, but the other lan-
guage is more definite.
Air. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
read a portion of a letter I received from a
register of wills:
"Thestamp duty on administrators' bonds andlet-
tersofadministration.onedollar each, is very oppress-
ive in many cases. Many letters of administration
are granted to obtain twenty to one hundred dollars
from a savings bank, the net result of a long life, and
laid away todefray funeral expenses. Thestampduties
on such cases amount to $2 05. Estates not exceed-
ing ®2,000 pay about $2 20 for stamps. Many of these
small administrations relato to deceased soldiers.
Their widows and orphan children, inorder to obtain
a part of their well-deserved bounty, and which was
placed in bank, are compelled to administer to with-
draw the money from bank, and must pay the Gov-
ernment§2 05 for the privilege of obtaining it.
"The same oppression exists in the appointment
of guardians, where the sum involved is very .small.
The case of the orphans of soldiers often excites my
sympathy. In many cases duplicate papers are re-
quired, and the stamp duties are one dollar tor the
bond and six five-cent stamps for the certificates,
making jl 30.
" I respectfully suggest for your consideration:
"1. Exempt all estates under $500 from all stamp
duties, including guardian's bonds.
"2. Exempt all papersrelating to deceased soldiers
from stamp duties. * u- i
"3. Large estates may well afford to pay higher
stamp duties. „n
" I have prepared bonds on the same day for 5100,
and for $300,000, and the stamp on each was one dol-
lar ! Is that just and equal 1"
I confess my sympathies were excited by
that letter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My sympathies
also are excited by that letter. He is a hu-
mane register of wills. But the gentleman's
amendment will not reach the subject. " Pa-
pers relating to deceased soldiers" is not cer-
tain. It leaves the whole matter open instead
of making it certain.
I suggest to the gentleman that bis amend-
ment had better be withdrawn for the present
and redrafted. And I will suggest further that
if the estate of a deceased soldier should be
worth $100,000 under the construction the
gentleman has given, it would be relieved from
stamp duty. There is no reason for exempting
estates of that kind from the stamp duties which
are imposed upon them by law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment. ,
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
last word for the purpose of suggesting to my
colleague to strike out that portion relative to
deceased soldiers, because already all estates
up to the value of $1,000 are exempt,
