1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the latter portion of the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest a modification
of the proposition by inserting after the word
"probate" the words "of wills, letters-testa-
mentary, or of administration, or of adminis-
tration or guardian bonds."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify it so as to read as follows:
Also, by inserting at the end of the last paragraph
rel ating to probate of will the following words: "Pro-
vided, That no stamp either for probate of wills, or
letters-testamentary or letters of administration, or
on guardian or administrator bonds, shall be re-
quired when the value of the estato and offoota docs
not exceed $1,000."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] a diffi-
culty that may grow out of this amendment.
If before the value of the estate has been
finally determined any question should arise
in court where it is neccssary to use the will
or the bond, it would bo necessary to try and
determine the question as to whether the value
of the estate was greater than $1,000 before
the bond or will could be used in evidence.
Mr. BINGHAM. I apprehend in all estates
where they grant letters of administration the
amount of the estate is certified upon the rec-
ord, and the question is not raised under the
law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. By no means.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman thinks
it is necessary to guard that part of it I have
no objection at all. But one thing I am very
certain of, that it is an enormous burden im-
posed upon small estates to subject the admin-
istrator, executor, or guardian at every step4;o
these taxes, and the people are clamorous to
have the imposition removed.
Mr. ALLISON. The difficulty suggested is
found in the language of the law "where the
estate shall be sworn and declared not to ex-
ceed $1,000." If it is so sworn and declared
that is conclusive upon the court.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; that will make
it all right.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, there were
—ayes 28, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it.
The Clerk read as follows :
A]so, by striking out of said schedulo all after the
words " !ega,l documonts," and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: "J'rovidecl further, That tho
stamp duties imposed by the foregoing schedulo (li)
on manifests, bills of lading, and passago tickets shall
not apply to steamboats or vessels plying between
ports of theUnited States and ports of British North
America: And provided further, 'Chat all affidavits
shall bo exempt from stamp duty."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the word "further" where it first
occurs, and to strike out the word "also" at
the beginning of the paragraph, and insert in
lieu thereof the words to be found at the
commencement of the preceding paragraph,
namely:
That schedule B, in relation to stamp duties, named
in soction one hundred and fifty-one, be amended.
This is rendered neccssary in consequence
of the amendment just made to the preceding
paragraph.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to call the attention
of tha committee to the fact that if all after
the words " legal documents" be stricken out
there is no sense in retaining the words "legal
documents."
Mr. ALLISON. None whatever; it should
be including "legal documents."
Mr. THAYER. I propose to strike out in
the first line the words " all after," and to in-
sert after the words "legal documents" the
words "and all thereafter in schedule B," and
then add the proviso as reported by the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. While the gentleman is
preparing his amendment, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] desires to offer an amend-
ment to the same paragraph.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend line
one hundred and thirty-eight by inserting after
the word "affidavits" the words "and receipts
for the payment of money." I think there is
no single tax that operates as much to embar-
rass common people in the transaction of busi-
ness as this one of being required to pat stamps
upon simple receipts given upon payment of
money; and therefore I move this amendment,
to make such receipts exempt from that tax.
I suppose there is no man within the sound of
my voice who has no_t at some time experienced
inconvenience from that requirement of the
law.
Mr. WRIGHT. The concluding words of
this paragraph are, "provided further, that all
affidavits shall be exempt from duty." The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] suggests
that that will operate to require a stamp on an
ordinary receipt. I do not see it.
Mr. SPALDING. Neither do I see that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I have now prepared my
amendment. I move to strike out in line one
hundred and thirty-one the words "all after,"
and to insert after the word "documents" the
words "and all thereafter;" so that it will
read, "by striking out of said schedule the
words 'legal documents,' and all thereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I send
an amendment to the Chair which I think will
meet the views of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. SPALDING. Before that is offered I
wish to understand what we are doing. I am
told that my friend here [Mr. Thayer] has
knocked my amendment which has just been
adopted by tho House into a cocked hat.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TIIAYER. I believe that my amend-
ment will accomplish at least a portion of what
the gentleman desires to accomplish by his.
The Clerk then read the amendment offered
by Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, as follows:
Insert at tho end of tho last paragraph, relating to
tho probate of wills, tho following words: "Provided,
That no stamp, either for probate of wills, lettors-tes-
tamentary or of administration, or on administrator
or guardian bonds, shall bo required when tho value
of tho ostnto and effoots, roal and peisonal, does not
exceed $1,000."
Mr. GRINNELL. That is right.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend by adding
to line one hundred and thirty-eight the follow-
ing additional proviso:
And provided further. That no stamp tax shall be
required upon any papors nocessary to boused for the
collection from tho Government of claims by soldiers
of the United States, for pensions, back pay, bounty,
or for propel ty lost in tho service.
Mr. HILL. I desire to move an amendment
to that by inserting the words " or application
for prize money."
Mr. GRINNELL. No, no; that is another
thing. Prize money is clear gain.
Mr. HILL. Whether clear gain or not, it is
given as a reward of merit, and as something due
from the Government to the men who get it.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a question of order.
I suggest to the Chair and to the House that
when an amendment is offered the member
offering it has a right to advocate it, and other
members have a right to discuss it and oppose
it if they choose; but it cannot be discussed
unless they can be permitted to hear each other,
and they cannot hear each other while sixteen
other gentlemen talk loudly between them, and
between^ each of them and the Chair, causing
such noise and confusion that no white man,
unless he has more ears than two, can hear
or understand what is going on in the House.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will be in
order.
Mr. HILL. I move this amendment because
I think it will merely do justice in this respect
to the class entitled to prize money. It is said
here that the prize money is clear gain. I do
not so understand it. I believe we have to-day
passed a bill appropriating a very large sum
of pri/;e money because it was understood to
be due from the Government to the men on
account of certain vessels having been sunk
instead of captured. Now, it is quite as unjust
to tax sailors as to tax soldiers. Our sailors,
who have hazarded their lives as much, and
indeed more, than the soldiers have hazarded
theirs, apply to us for this money to which they
are fully entitled by law as the soldiers are to
their claims, and I see no reason why there
should be any special obstacle orspecial facil-
ity created by us in the one case more than in
the other.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the gen-
tleman limit his amendment to the cases of
ordinary seamen.
Mr. HILL. I am willing to limit it to sea-
men and marines, and if the gentleman from
Tennessee will present that form of amendment
I will be happy to adopt it; as it is, I offer the
amendment in these words: "on application
for prize money by sailors or marines."
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. McCullom.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend further
by striking out in schedule B, in section one
hundred and fifty-one, in the paragraph com-
mencing "bank check," the words "at sight
or on demand," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " on demand or at one day's sight."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope not; we will
never get through this bill if we do not work
more on it than we have done heretofore.
Mr. PRICE. It is now after ten o'clock;
and I think it is time we should go home and
get some rest. I insist upon my motion.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were ayes 44, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bout-
well reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
the order of the House had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being House bill No.
1101, amending the existing laws relating to
internal revenue, and had directed him to
report that they had come to no resolution
thereon.
american colonization society.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Eesolved, That tho Committee on Appropriations
be, and they are hereby, instiucted to inquire into
tho expediency of an appropriation to aid tho
American Colonization Socioty in furnishing con-
veyance and support to such persons as may desire
to emigrate to tho republic of Liberia.
enrolled bills signed.
_Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles: when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 407) granting a pension to
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould;
An act (S. No. 512) forthe relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
An act (S. No. 514) for the relief Charles
Appleton;
An act (S. No. 535) for the benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page;
An act (S. No. 554) granting a pension to
John Carter; and
An act (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
Charles N. Weiss.
relief of certain drafted men.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the House
took from the Speaker's table and proceeded,
by unanimous consent, to the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. 811, for the relief of certain
I drafted men.
