48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 19,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
prior to that of 1861 do not exceed 3,000. The
widows and minor children who receive a
pension by reason of the services and death
of those who served in such wars number
1,2-27. _ .
During the last fiscal year 22,645 original
applications for invalid pensions were granted,
at an aggregate annual rate of $1,750,812 20.
The number of such pensions that were in-
creased was 1,263, at an annual amount of
increase of $43,946 25. The total amount
awarded to Army invalids during the'year
appears to be §1,800,764 45.
During the same period 27,076 original ap-
plications of widows and dependent relatives of
officers and soldiers of the Army were allowed,
at an aggregate rate of $2,743,711 17 per an-
num. The increased allowance to such persons
was $299 10; so that the sum required to meet
pension claims of this description allowed dur-
ing the past year is $2,744,010 27.
The whole number of new Army pensioners
of all classes added to the rolls during the year
ending June 30, 1866, was, accordingly, 49,721,
and requiring for their payment $'4,600,523 37
per annum. The number dropped from the
rolls during the same period, on account of
death or other causes, was 9,342, whose annual
allowance amounted to $880,173 62.
On the 30th of June last there were on the
pension-rolls 54,G20 invalids, whose yearly rate
of pensions was $4,128,718 50; and 69,889
widows and dependent relatives, at a yearly
rate of$7,284,404 11—-making a total of 124,509
Army pensioners, at an annual aggregate of
$11,413,122 26.
Including payments to pension agents, the
amount paid during the year to revolutionary
pensioners was $252,204 38; to Army inva-
lid pensioners, $3,815,805 04; and to widows
and dependent relatives, (not revolutionary,)
$9,109,436 70—giving the total sum of $13,-
177,446 12.
During the year 238 original applications for
Navy invalid pensions were allowed, at anaggre-
gateamountof$18,902 oOperannnm. Twenty-
five such pensions heretofore allowed were
increased at an aggregate annual rate of $917.
Two hundred and eighteen original applications
of widows and dependent relatives of officers
and seamen were allowed, at an aggregate of
$32,976 per annum. The total number of Navy
invalid pensioners on the rolls at the close of
the fiscal year was 1,032, at an aggregate annual
rate of $72,610 05. The number of widows
and dependent relatives was 1,181, at an aggre-
gate annual rate of $189,742—making the whole
number of naval pensioners, of all classes,
2,213,, requiring for their annual payment
$261,352 05.
The total number of pensioners of all classes,
Army and Navy, on the rolls June 30, 180G, was
126,722, and the amount paid pensioners, in-
cluding expenses of disbursements during the
last fiscal year, was $13,459,996 43. This
amount includes $99,237 15 paid to 1,043 pen-
sioners residing in the States whose inhabitants
were lately in rebellion.
From the date of the executive proclamation
declaring the inhabitants of any State to be in
a state of insurrection against the United
States, the names of all pensioners residing in
such State were stricken from the rolls. Inter-
course with them was, by the laws of war, the
legislation of Congress, and the President's
proclamation in pursuance thereof, suspended
so long as such condition of hostility contin-
ued, but the right of such pensioners as re-
mained loyal to the United States was saved
by the act of February 4, 1862. Their names,
on making the required proof of continued
loyalty, are accordingly restored to the rolls.
Mr. Attorney General Speed, whose opinion
on the subject was taken by my predecessor,
held that the restored pensioner was entitled
to the arrears of the pension which had accrued
since the last payment to him prior to the re-
bellion. and the practice of the Government has
been in conformity to that opinion.
The Navy pension fund, accruing from the
condemnation and the sale of prizes, and in-
vested in bonds of the United States, amounts
to Sll,750,000. The interest of this invest-
ment is more than double the amount necessary
to pay the Navy pensions. There is also an
uninvested surplus of $205,738 35.
During the past year 400 bounty-land war-
rants were issued for 03,806 acres of land.
The Commissioner of Pensions represents
that a considerable number of additional clerks
is indispensable to the prompt and efficient
transaction of the business of his office. The
bill to reorganize the clerical force of this De-
partment, recommended by my predecessor,
and passed by the Senate at the last session,
would have afforded a partial remedy; but the
changes made in the pension laws subsequent
to its introduction render its provisions inade-
quate to the present and increasing wants of
the service. The cases during the last year
exceeded by twenty-five per cent, those dis-
posed of during that which preceded it. The
labor of the office during the current year has
increased in a much greater ratio, and is nearly
if not quite twofold greater than has ever
devolved upon it for the same length of time
since its organization. Notwithstanding this
imperative necessity for a well-organized force,
several years have elapsed since any permanent
addition to it was made. The authority to em-
ploy temporary clerks of the first class has been
given, but it secures only the services of mere
copyists. The business of the bureau must fall
in arrear when insufficient means are furnished
for transacting it. No delay, other than that
which is unavoidable, should be suffered to
occur in awarding the pensions provided by
the country for those who have such strong
claims upon its justice and gratitude. The
case is respectfully presented to Congress, who
can alone furnish the remedy, and whose early
favorable action is specially and earnestly in-
voked.
The voluminous report of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs exhibits in detail the condi-
tion of this difficult and important branch of
the public service. The numerous treaties
recently negotiated with various Indian tribes
have greatly augmented the labors of the de-
partment, and the constant pressure of emigra-
tion into the Indian Territory produces conflicts
of interest which require judicious management
to adjust and control. The Commissioner sets
forth the terms and stipulations of t hose treaties.
The Indian tribes of the Southwest have resumed
their former friendly relations with the Govern-
ment, and it is hoped that they will succeed in
fully adjusting the differences which have here-
tofore existed among them in consequence of
the different attitudes they were induced to
assume toward the United States during the
rebellion.
There are before the Senate some important
treaties Avith the Indian tribes in Utah, Kansas,
and Dakota, to which the attention of that body
isrespectfully invited. Several treaties recently
negotiated with Indian tribes in the Northwest
will be submitted to you at an early day. to
be laid before the Senate for its consideration
and action. It is believed that, should they be
ratified and faithfully executed, peaceful rela-
tions will be established with powerful tribes,
occupying a vast extent of country, who have
recently been in hostility to the Government.
The Commissioner suggests the necessity of
further negotiations with some of the Indians
in Kansas with a view to their removal from
that State, and also with the Indian tribes
in Idaho, New Mexico, and Dakota, for their
removal to and settlement upon reservations to
be set apart for their exclusive occupancy and
use. These suggestions will receive the early
and careful consideration of the department.
Collisions and hostility have been of less fre-
quent occurrence between the whites and the
Indians during the past year than has been
generally believed. Occasionally depredations
have been committed, and raids made upon
emigrants and settlers, but these are believed
to have been greatly exaggerated, either by the
fears of the inexperienced and timid or the
cupidity and selfishness of interested and de-
signing speculators. Peace appears to have
been the rule, and hostilities the exception,
between the Mississippi river and the Pocky
mountains.
It has been the settled policy of the Govern-
ment to establish the various tribes upon suit-
able reservations and there protect and subsist
them until they can be taught to cultivate the
soil and sustain themselves. It is no doubt
the best if not the only policy that can be
pursued to preserve them from extinction.
Numerous recommendations looking 10 the
amelioration of the condition of these wards of
the Government are contained in the Commis-
sioner's report, and will no doubt receive the
attention of Congress.
During the year ending September 30, 1800,
there were 14,039 applications for patents.
Eight thousand seven hundred and sixteen
patents (inclndiug reissues and assigns) were
issued ; 1,415 applications were allowed, but
patents have not issued thereon by reason of
the non-paymentofthe final fees ; 2.579 caveats
were filed, and 55 extensions of patents were
granted.
During the same period the receipts were
$400,410, 80, and the expenditures $343,697 73,
leaving a balance of $110,719 07, which added
to $111,578 19, the balance on hand Septem-
ber 30, 1865, makes the amount noiv in the
Treasury to the credit of the patent fund
$278,297 70.
The last annual report of this Department
alluded to the law regulating appeals in cases
arising in the Patent Office. 1 am unable to
perceive any stronger reason for granting an
appeal to one of the justices of the supreme
court of this District from the decision of the
Commissioner of Patents, than from that of
the Commissioner of Pensions disallowing a
pension claim, or from that of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office on a con-
tested right of preemption. The decision of
the judge does not have any more conclusive
effect than the ruling of the executive officer.
If adverse to the applicant, a patent does not
issue. But, if in his favor, even in interfer-
ence cases, it is not a final determination of
the questions in controversy. Congress has
declared that it shall not preclude the right to
contest the patent in any court in which its
validity may come in question. If sued by
the holder of an elder patent who \va< a party
to the whole proceedings, the successful appli-
cant cannot set up the decision awarding him
a jiatent as a defense to the action. Such a
decision is not, in its essential characteristics,
a judicial act, and cannot be assimilated to the
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,
which may be pleaded as an estoppel where
the identical question is directly involved be-
tween the same parties in a subsequent suit.
The duty incident to this special trust should
not be imposed upon the judge, and there is a
manifest impropriety in giving him a super-
visory control over the action of an executive
bureau. The judicial and executive depart-
ments of the Government are distinct and
independent, and the officers of each should
be confined to their appropriate sphere of
action.
Hie applicant for a patent, before he can
prosecute an appeal to the judge, mu>t pay
into the office the sum of twenty-five dollars
lor his use. The fee required on each suc-
cessive appeal from the primary examiner to
the examiners in chief, and from the latter to
the head of the bureau, constitutes a part of
the patent fund, and is not paid to those of-
