1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
state briefly to the gentleman from Iowa that
this bill makes no change in the law in that
respect. The banks are now allowed to liold
deposits in other banks as a part of their
reserve. This merely allows them to hold
certificates of the Treasury Department instead
of deposits in other banks. It does not diminish
the amount of lawful money which a bank is
bound under the law to hold, and it leaves it
exactly where it now is ; because the banks are
still required to keep two fifths of their reserve
in lawful money.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman why we should not strike out this
lirst section of the bill, and provide for the
redemption of the compound-interest notes by
non-interest-bearing legal tenders? Let the
banks hold these non-interest-bearing legal
tenders as a reserve, and it will save S3,000,000
of interest a year to the Government.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That will
involve the issue of $100,000,000 of legal
tenders.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Eighty millions
are now held by the banks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not as
currency; they are held as an investment.
This bill does not change the position of the
banks at all, as the gentleman supposes it
does. They will still have a right to hold
legal tenders. This merely proposes to allow
these certificates of the Treasury Department
to be held in the country banks in the place
of bank deposits. The idea is that the banks
will hold these certificates in place of the bal-
ances which they now hold in other banks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The difference,
then, seems to be this : that if we issue these
certificates the banks can receive $3,000,000 a
year in the way of interest from the Govern-
ment for holding their reserve, and at the
same time will be holding that which they
cannot use for the immediate redemption of
their bills, but which they must convert into
legal tender.
Now, on the other hand, it is proposed to
permit the issue of legal-tender notes not bear-
ing interest for the purpose of taking up the
compound-interest notes, and requiring the
banks to hold them. The banks will not re-
ceive interest on them from the Government,
and thus we will save some $3,000,000 a year.
Mr. ORIH. And have a currency.
Mr. PIKE. This bill provides, as I under-
stand it, for the issue of §100,000,000 of these
certificates.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not ex-
ceeding that amount.
Mr. PIKE. I understand that there are
about §80,000,000 of these compound-interest
notes in the hands of the banks. I ask, there-
fore, what is the necessity of issuing so large
an amount of these certificates ?
If I understand the position of the currency,
it is this: there are $142,000,000 of six per
cent, compound-interest notes now out besides
interest. Of that amount a little more than
$100,000,000 will mature before we meet m
December; and some eighty million dollars are
now held by the banks as a portion of their
reserve, their whole reserve being, I believe,
according to the last report, $205,000,000.
Now, the point which I wish to make is that
there is no necessity for any legislation pro-
viding for that portion of the compound-inter-
est notes now held in the country by way of
investment, because the persons holding them
in this way may as well take our long bonds
when these compound-interest notes mature
and they wish to change their investments.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will permit me to suggest that if they
were pa'id in anticipation it would reduce the
interest from six per cent, to three and sixty-
five hundredths; so that the Government would
not suffer; and if the holders of compound-
interest notes do not choose to exchange
them in anticipation, they can continue to
hold them till maturity.
Jlr. PIKE. I submit to the gentleman that
under that arrangement the Treasury would
be embarrassed, for the present effort of the
Secretary of.the Treasury is to relieve himself
from temporary claims—immediate and de-
mand claims—and put everything, so far as
possible, into long bonds. This proposition
leaves these as an immediate charge upon the
Treasury constantly; and the consequence will
be that the Secretary will have to present con-
stantly his monthly report with a large amount
of currency on hand, giving as a reason for it
these immediate liabilities and the necessity
of holding a large amount of currency on hand
to meet such charges.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In reply
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
I would say that the law now provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury may issue $50,000,000
of greenbacks whenever it may be necessary to
meet such demands.
Mr. PIKE. One word more and I shall be
done. The issue of greenbacks would not
swell the volume of the currency, because they
would serve as a part of the banking reserve.
They would not be a charge upon the Treasury,
because until we resume specie payments the
Secretary of the Treasury is not bound to pro-
vide for their payment. Besides that, the issue
of greenbacks would save the interest, as the
gentleman from Iowa says. So there are three
reasons, which seem to me to be controlling
reasons, why we should take up these com-
pound-interest notes, so far as we take them
up at all, by legal-tender notes rather than by
this new mode of temporary loans.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevejts.]
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, upon which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts agrees to test the sense of the House.
My amendment is to strike out in the first sec-
tion the words "receive on deposit," and insert
in lieu thereof the words "redeem the;" and
to strike out all after the words "accrued
interest," and insert in lieu thereof the word,
"and to issue therefor United States legal-
tender notes;" so that the section will read as
follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to redeem the compound-inter-
ost notes, "with the accrued interest, and to issue
therefor United States legal-tender notes.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Not bearing in-
terest?
Mr. STEVENS. Of course they bear no
interest.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to allow the amendment
to be offered?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
I am willing that the sense of the House shall
be taken upon it. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that if he pro-
poses to issue greenbacks in lieu of the com-
pound-interest notes, he should say "at or
after the maturity thereof."
Mr. STEVENS. What difference does it
make? They bear interest till maturity, and
if the holders choose to exchange them before
maturity for legal-tender notes bearing no
interest it is so much advantage to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hotchkiss J
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, I can see
no reason why the banks should not be allowed
to take care of their own interests. So far as
concerns their reserve on hand, I sec no more
impropriety in allowing them to hold it in five-
twenty bonds than in allowing individuals to
purchase those bonds. Why should not the
banks here at home hold those bonds rather
than have them purchased by foreign capi-
talists?
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. nOTCHKISS. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman says he sees
no reason why the reserve fund of the banks
should not be held in five-twenty bonds. Now,
suppose that the gentleman has deposited in
bank $100,000, and presents a cheek for that
amount; suppose that the bank pays him in
five-twenty bonds, would the gentleman con-
sider himself as paid in currency which could
be used by him in ordinary business?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If I have a deposit in
bank and I draw my check for that deposit, it
is a matter between me and the bank whether
' I am paid or how I am paid. It is for me to
make complaint if I consider myself aggrieved.
If a bank does not so conduct its business that
it can redeem its pledges, take care of its
deposits, provide for meeting its obligations,
the bank will fail. But if we must constantly
watch over these banks to protect the public
against them, and if in order to accomplish
this we must constantly make war upon them,
we had better let the banking business alone
and allow it to be conducted under the manage-
ment of the States. A bank that is sound will
take care of its depositors and its bill-holders.
If any bank does not do this it will be wound up.
The proposition now is that the banks shall
not be allowed to hold in five-twenties what
they have heretofore hold in compound-inter-
est notes. We are to compel them to hold as
their reserve a portion of the currency of the
country; and in order to enable them to do
this we must issue additional currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. I think that the gentleman
is not speaking upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to resume the floor
whenever he pleases.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I must
resume the floor. I now yield to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to accept as a substitute for his
amendment the following:
In the first section, strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert in lieu thereof the following :
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to issue, in addition to the
amount now authorized by law, $100,000,000 of such
United States notes as are authorized by section one
of an act to authorize the issue of United States notes,
&c., approved February 25,1862; which notes shall bo
issued in payment of compound-interest notes, and
for no other purpose, until all of such notes shall have
been redeemed; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall so redeem the same as they shall be presented
at the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot accept that.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer it as an amendment
to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for that purpose?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not.
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for
a few moments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the Clerk to read for information the follow-
ing, which I shall move as an amendment if I
get an opportunity:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby an-
thorized and directed to issue, on trie credit or the
United States, such sums as may be necessary for the
purposes set forth in this act, not exceeding m the
aggregate amount $100,000,000 of Treasury notes, not
bearing interest, of such denominations as he may
deem expedient, which said notes shall be lawful
money and a legal tender for debts in like manner as
provided in the first section of an act entitled' An
act to authorizo the issue of United States notes,
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and lor
fundinc the floating debt of the United States,
passed February 25,1862. And the provisions of the
sixth and seventh sections of said act are hereby
ree'nacted and applied to the notes herein author-
ized ; and the same to be used for the payment of the
compound-interest notes as they mature.
Mr. Speaker, I will, with the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts; say a few
words in explanation of my proposition. It
will be observed it provides for the paymenl
of compound-interest notes to the extent of
$100,000,000, an amount sufficient for the
coming year, by the issue^of legal-tender notes.
I prefer the mode of issuing these legal-tender
notes 5 and further it places these legal tenders
under the operation of tlie law in reference to
counterfeiting.
