1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Now, sir, it is manifest'to my mind, this House
is not prepared to issue for the benefit of these
banks three per cent. loan. Under the provis-
ions of the bill as it came from the Senate the
expense to the Government and to the tax-
payers during the coming year would be
$5,400,000. 1 apprehend in the present con-
dition of the Government this would not only
be improper but culpable expenditure.
In reference to the contraction or anti-con-
traction question, it is my opinion this issue
of $100,000,000 of legal tenders in place of the
present reserves will not produce inflation in
the monetary markets of the country. If my
proposition be adopted, I think the Senate and
House will agree to leave the law as it is for
retiring $4,000,000 per month.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
a single question before he sits down. Wherein
does his amendment differ from mine?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. _ I yield
now to the gentleman fiomPenrisylvania, [Mr.
Broomau,.]
Mr. BROOMALL. Itought to be distinctly
understood that the proposition of my colleague
is for the direct expansion of the currency. It
may be it is impossible'for us to contract, but
at least we ought to hesitate before we agree
to expand the currency. I know that it is
desirable to get rid of the interest upon' the
interest-bearing legal tenders; but to get rid
of that interest by a further expansion of the
currency would create much more evil than
the burden of the amount of interest would be
detrimental to the Government.
I have said it was for the direct expansion
of the currency, and any gentleman who will
follow mc for a moment in the argument will
see that I am right. A part of this interest-
bearing currency is held by the banks in their
reserve, and that far the substitution of legal
tenders would not increase the currency of the
country, because that far the interest-bearing
legal tenders operate as currency. But nearly
one half of the entire intorest-bearing legal
tenders are held by individuals as investments.
A Member. You are not stating it exactly.
Mr. BHOQMALL. I do not know the exact
proposition, but to substitute non-interest-bear-
ing legal tenders for interest-bearing legal tend-
ers would be putting them out into the coun-
try in the way of currency, and to that extent
would inflate the currency. 1 trust the House
is not prepared to do that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that it seems to me all the discussion that has
been had on this subject is entirely foreign to
the real issue before the House. The measure
introduced is not one from the Committee on
Banking and Currency. It is not a question in
which the banks or the banking interest of
the country is directly concerned. It is a
question presented by the Committee of Ways
and Means, involving the funding of the debt
of the United States.
Now, I wish to ask members of this House
whether they are ready to-day, after the pas-
sage of a reconstruction bill, more radical in
its nature than was ever dreamed of even by
the veteran Radical on my left, [Mr. Stevens]
—whether they are determined now, a year and
a half after the last weapons of the rebellion
have been grounded, to persist in burdening
the industries of the conntx-y by a further issue
of interest-bearing legal-tender notes. Sir, I
say, let us come up to the work. If the Re-
publican party goes down, it goes down not
because the moral sentiment of the people does
not stand by it, but because it is wanting in
the financial ability to protect the pockets and
supply the bellies of the people. It is time to
begin to pay off the public debt, not by sending
out a year and a half after the conclusion of the
war, $100,000,000 of continental paper to pay
the war debt. If we cannot pay off the debt,
say so ; but do not let us indirectly in this way
stab the credit and undermine the industry of
the country. As a member of this Congress I
am ashamed to have a proposition made at the
close of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to pay off
the debt of the United States or any portion of
it otherwise than by bonds payable, principal
and interest, in gold, or else by gold itself.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask him if he is in
favor of paying off more than $200,000,000 a
year; if he is not very well satisfied not to
break us down at once, but to let up a little on
taxation.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, at the time
these $150,000,000of compound-interest notes
were issued it was right in the heat of the con-
test with the rebels. The Secretary of the
Treasury was ashamed to come to Congress
and ask even then, in that desperate condition
of public affairs, the issue of another dollar of
greenback currency.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow a
question?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask him whether this prop-
osition is not precisely this, and not as stated
by him: whether it is not to give to the banks
of the country, having the monopoly of $300,-
000,000 of currency granted to them by the
Government, these three per cent, notes to
hold as part of their legal reserve. Instead of
six per cent, notes we propose to give them
three per cent, notes. Because it is in part
payment for the privilege of issuing these
$300,000,000. Now, what we propose to do
is, instead of giving three per cent, notes, is to
give them nothing but legal-tender notes and
let them issue currency upon them. It is not
an inflation of the currency by a single dollar.
Mr. POMEROY. I am trespassing upon
the courtesy of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, but in reply to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. LynchJ I have but this to say, that
when the question of the existence of the
national banks comes to be agitated, as I see
it must, before the Congress of the United
States, I stand ready to defend the banking
institutions of the country as against this irre-
deemable greenback circulation. But that is
not the question now. It is a question of the
funding of the public debt, and when the gen-
tleman asks mo if it is in the interest of the
banks I tell him I do not care in whose inter-
est it is. I see in this a proposition to convert
$150,000,000 of compound-interest notes into
a debt bearing three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, interest. Whoever wants it let them
take it. I do not care who takes it; it will be
better than it is now. Wo shall have floating,
instead of compound-interest notes, the same
amount, at three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, interest; and I would rather, if it can be
done without injury to the business interests
of the country, that it should be invested in
five-twenty per cent, bonds. But I insist that
the Committee of Ways and Means have done
well in introducing this bill; simply look-
ing to the existing condition of affairs, they
have sought neither to inflate nor to contract
the currency, but seeing these compound-inter-
est notes lying in the way, and treating that as
a debt, as they are a debt, they propose, for a
temporary purpose, to fund it into a loan bear-
ing three and sixty-five hundredths per cent,
interest. If they can do that they deserve well
of the country.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 1143)
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
compound-interest notes again.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield ten minutes of my time to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. As the basis of the few remarks
which I design to make I send to the Clerk's
desk an amendment which I shall propose and
get a vote on if I can.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield to allow the amendment to be offered,
but I will hear it read.-
The Clerk read Mr. Price's proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Amend section one, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause in the first
seetion and insert: "That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
issue to the holders of compound-interestnotes.when
presented for redemption, legal-tender non-interest-
paying notes; but no such legal tenders shall be issued
except for the purpose of taking up said compound-
interest notes as they shall be presented for payment."
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, the proposition
contained in that proposed amendment is sim-
ply this: the Government has at this day over
one hundred million dollars of compound-inter-
est notes out. They were issued at a time when
the pressure on the financial interests of the
country made them a matter of necessity.
Those notes become due in a very short time,
and the Government will be compelled to take
them up in some way. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pomeroy] says that he pro-
poses to take them up with five-twenty bonds.
It requires no argument to show that if you
take them up with five-twenty bonds you are
burdening the Government—and when I say
the Government I mean the tax-payers of the
country—-with just that much interest, which
would be something between six and seven
million dollars. For that reason I am opposed
and shall be opposed to funding these com-
pound-interest notes in five-twenty bonds.
Mr. HOTCHKISS madea remark, which was
entirely inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. PRICE. My proposition is that when
these notes come in for payment, as they are
presented the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be authorized and directed to take them up
with legal-tender notes bearing no interest.
In that way I accomplish two things. In the
first place, I take up notes that the Govern-
ment issued in its day of trial, and I pay for
them, dollar for dollar, principal and interest,
the amount that the holder can demand, so that
he loses nothing.
I also save the country, that is, the tax-pay-
ers, from the burden of interest, a burden which
is now between eight and nine millions, and
which, under the proposition of this bill of the
Committee of Ways and Means now under con-
sideration, would be increased between three
and four millions. I save that to the country
by my proposition. This amendment would
operate hardly upon no class in the commu-
nity, and upon no interest, save the banking
interest; and I think I may say, without fear
of successful contradiction on this floor or else-
where, that the interest that is advocating the
issue of these three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, notes is the banking interest of the
country.
Now, I have no objection to the banks mak-
ing money. I hope they will all make money
and get rich, and that every man connected
with them will do so ; but I do not propose in
my place here as a legislator to take money
from the tax-payers of the country to make
rich the men who stand behind the counters of
the banks of the country. This is simply a
proposition of that kind.
Let me now answer the proposition made by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotoh-
kiss] a moment ago. He proposed that the
banks should hold five-twenty bonds as a re-
serve fund. Sir, that proposition is only par-
alleled by another that I have heard of—and I
am told that the person who perpetrated the
grim joke is now on the Supreme bench of the
nation. When a young man he was elected to
the Legislature of his own State.
Mr. PIKE. Do not name the State.
Mr. PRICE. I will not tell what State it
was. He took up a bank report and discovered
that there were a great many hundreds of
thousands of dollars on deposit in the different
banks of the State. Being a young man, and
desiring to signalize in some way his entrance
into public life, and at the same time to ben-
efit his constituents, he introduced a resolution
