50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 19,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
two passenger, one baggage and express, four-
teen box, and thirty-two flat cars, three tanks,
and two turn-tables, &c., with a machine shop
and a blacksmith shop complete, the former
being built of stone masonry and covered with
an iron roof, and they are now engaged in the
erection of .a round-house. The road is gen-
erally built in a very substantial manner; neai4|fc
all the bridges and culverts are of the best
quality of solid masonry. The longer span
bridges are of the Howe truss pattern. J'hc
road-bed for the next thirty miles is nearly
ready for the superstructure. The ties, iron,
chairs, and spikes for the same, are on hand or
in transitu. The company report an expendi-
ture, in the construction and equipment of the
road, of $2,307,650. They confidently expect
that sixty miles of road will be completed by
the 1st of January next.
The Western Pacific Railroad Company
filed, on the 13th of last July, their acceptance
of the provisions and conditions of the resolu-
tion of Congress extending the time for the
construction of the first section of twenty miles
of their road, approved May 21, 1806. On the
2d instant this Department received the report
of the Government commissioners, showing the
completion and equipment of that section. It
extends from San Jose, in the direction of
Sacramento, to a point in Alameda county, a
distance of twenty miles.
The report of the president of the Sioux City
and Pacific Railroad Company, under date of
the IGth instant, sets forth that renewed surveys
• by their engineers, during the past season, jus-
tify and confirm the opinion that the most direct
and practicable route from Sioux City to a point
which they have selected upon the Union Pacific
railroad from Omaha is on the east side of the
Missouri river, to a crossing near De Soto,
thence via Fish creek to the Platte valley, and
thence to the point of connection with the latter
road at Fremont, forty-six and one half miles
west from Omaha. It is also stated that the
Grading of the northern sixty-eight miles has
een placed under contract, and a force already
engaged on the work. The company has ar-
ranged to construct about six miles of road,
which will connect its line very advantageously
with the Cedar Rapids railroad, at a point where
it is expected that the latter road will reach the
Missouri river valley in a few days.
There is nothing on file in the Department to
show that the company authorized to construct
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad by the act of
Congress approved July 27,1860, have aecepted
the provisions of the act.
The work on the wagon road from Niobrara
to Virginia City has been continued, though
with serious annoyance from hostile Indians.
The route has been shortened nearly one hun-
dred miles.
Operations on portions of the projected road
from Sioux City to the mouth of the Big Chey-
enne river have been prosecuted with great
activity and success. 1 hat part between the
initial point and Yankton, with the exception
of the bridges, is finished and in perfectorder.
The bridge over the Big Sioux river 'is being
built. If the construction of it does not ab-
sorb the appropriation now on hand, the re-
mainder will be applied to the completion of
the bridges over the Vermillion river and the
James. Apprehended Indian difficulties have
prevented the extension of the road from the
mouth of the Big Cheyenne.
I ne superintendent of the road from Vir-
ginia City, Montana, to Lewiston, reports that
a considerable force is employed. The funds
at his command will not, in his opinion, more
than suffice to locate and clear out a trail ten
or twelve feet wide from Lewiston to the val-
ley of the Bitter Root. From thence roads
are already open to Virginia City. He prefer?
m the route by the Loo-Loo Fork, though it, in
common with the others, is subject to obstruc-
tion from snow during one half of the year.
The northern and western porticos of the
north wing of the Capitol are completed, and
the columns of the southern portico are soon
to be set. It is believed that the ensuing year
will witness the completion of all the porticos.
Efforts have been made, which it is hoped will
prove successful, to improve the imperfect and
objectionable ventilation of the Senate Cham-
ber and Hall of the House of Representatives.
In order to obtain a supply of air that shall
at the same time be pure- and in the summer
cool, it is proposed to construct from each
Hall an underground duct, opening in the
center of a fountain in the eastern grounds.
The jets and overflow would at once assist in
cooling the air and serve to relieve it of all
mechanical impurities.
The pipes to the Government springnow sup-
ply the Capitol with abundance of pure water.
The balance on hand of the appropriation
for the Capitol extension, October 31, 1866,
was $80,410 83. The architect estimates that
$250,000 will be required to continue the work
during the next fiscal year.
The apparatus for lighting, by means of gal-
vanic electricity, the one thousand and eighty-
three gas-burners of the dome, has proved a
complete success. They can now be lighted in
a few minutes. An interesting paper on this
subject has been prepared, at the request of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, by three
electricians of reputation, and is annexed to
his annual report. The sum of $48,481 79
was expended on the dome during the year
ending October 31, 1866, at which date there
was on hand a balance of $1,'539 59. An ap-
propriation of $15,000 will be required to com-
plete this work. The belt between the second
and third cornices of the rotunda should be
ornamented by a series of national pictures, or
in some other appropriate manner; and designs
for the purpose will be invited from eminent
artists, if Congress confer the requisite author-
ity.
The extension of the Library is nearly com-
pleted. The work has been done in the most
substantial and elegant style, and the rooms are
now an appropriate setting for the rich literary
treasures within them. It is proposed to heat
them with steam from the boilers in the base-
ment, by means of Gould's apparatus. The
Commissioner of Public Buildings urges, on
sanitary grounds, the necessity of warming the
passages of the center b.uilding, and of improv-
ing the manner of heating and ventilating the
Supreme Court rooms. The expenditures on
the Library extension from October 81, 1865,
were $137,920 61, leaving a balance of $31,-
129 50.
The architect repeats the recommendation
made in his preceding report in favor of the
extension of the central portico, in conform-
ity with the plan proposed by his prede-
cessor, Thomas U. Walter, Esq. Should this
recommendation be sanctioned by Congress,
it would be advisable to commence the work at
an early day, while operations on the other
portions of the edifice are in progress, and
before the eastern grounds are improved. In
view of the anticipated early completion of the
Capitol, should the central portico not be
extended, it is recommended that Congress
authorize inclosing the public grounds north
and south of the building, and squares num-
bered six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight, should the bill which
passed the Senate at the last session providing
for the purchase of them become a law, ana
improving the Capitol grounds in a style befit-
ting the magnificent edifice which crowns their
summit.
About three fourths of the material neces-
sary to complete the northern portico of this
Department is on the ground, and it is expected
that the work will be completed next season.
An appropriation of $25,000 for this object
will be required.
The appropriations for repairing and furnish-
ing the Executive Mansion have been expended
in a judicious and satisfactory manner, and the
grounds between it and the Treasury Depart-
ment have been improved and embellished.
The expenditure of the small appropriation
for Pennsylvania avenue has scarcely improved
its general aspect. The propriety of providing
the means for paving it in the most durable
manner is worthy of favorable consideration.
The appropriation of $10,000 for the repair
of Long bridge has been expended, but the sura
was wholly inadequate for the purpose. It is
estimated that $20,000 more will be required
to put it in proper order. A like sum is needed
to properly repair the bridge at Little Falls,
known as the Chain bridge. The navy-yard
bridge is in good condition, and the new draw
in it will be soon completed. The improve-
ment of Franklin square has commenced, and
in time grass, shrubbery, trees, and walks will
render it an ornament to the part of the city in
which it is situated. Appropriations will be
necessary for the improvement of Lincoln
square, the completing of the culvert through
the Botanic Garden, and the construction of an
iron fence around it. The opening, grading,
and paving of certain streets and avenues men-
tioned in the Commissioner's report and lead-
ing to the Capitol, while eminently desirable on
many accounts, will be wholly beyond the power
of the corporation of the city. The propriety
of undertaking these improvements on the part
of the national Government is submitted for
consideration.
By the act of May 5,1864, the Commissioner
of Public Buildings is directed to pay to the
proper authorities a just proportion of the
expense of improving avenues, streets, and
alleys passing through or by property belong-
ing to the United States. A large amount is
due from the Government for such improve-
ments. The means to meet it should be at
onceprovided. The Commissioner recommends
a further appropriation of $100,000, to enable
him to meet similar liabilities in future.
The number of patients which Congress, at
its last session, ordered to be constantly kept
at Providence Hospital at the expense of the
United States was fifty per cent, greater than
that of the preceding year, while the sum
appropriated for their maintenance remains
the same.
The relations of the General Government to
this District, and the duties resulting therefrom,
have been fully and elaborately discussed in
the recent annual reports of this Department.
I cordially commend to favorable consideration
the carefully considered views there advanced.
Congress made provision at its last session
for the completion of the cut-stone dam from
the Maryland shore to Conn Island, and for
other portions of the Washington aqueduct.
The work on the dam was resumed in August
last, and has been vigorously prosecuted. The
foundation masonry will be completed at an
early day. The temporary dam at that point
was washed away by the spring freshet. It
has been rebuilt and will probably require no
further expenditure. The connecting conduit
is rapidly approaching completion. The work
on the gate-house at Great Falls has been
unavoidably deferred. The appropriation was
made at so late a period of the session that it
could not be advantageously used during the
present season. An urgent necessity exists for
deepening the distributing reservoir, and pro-
tecting, by a rubble wall, its interior or water
slopes. _ I respectfully recommend that an
appropriation be made for this and such other
additions to the work as will permanently, and
to the greatest available extent, secure to the
national capital all the benefits which the liber-
ality of Congress proposed to confer by this
improvement.
The following statement shows the sums ad-
vanced to United States marshals during the
year ending June 30, 1866, for defraying ex-
penses of the United States courts, including
fees of marshals, jurors, and witnesses, main-
