1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
now keep three fifths of their reserves in that
city for redemption of outstanding notes, and
it is well known that the banks of New York
to-day pay four per cent, on those balances,
which are used for speculative purposes ; and,
sir, this causes expansions and an unsettlW
state of business more than anything else in
the country. The proposition is simply to
authorize these banks to use the Government
as a depositary instead of the New York banks,
and allow an interest at the rate of three and
sixty-five hundredths as an inducement to the
country banks to deposit with the Government.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. _ I desire to ask
whether the redemption fund in the clearing-
houses in the large cities is not usually invested
in compound-interest notes, and whether the
interest on them is credited to the country
banks ?
Mr. ALLISON. I know country banks keep
deposits in New York city and receive four
per cent, interest, while these balances are
loaned out to brokers at seven and eight per
cent., or they may and doubtless have invested
largely in compound-interest notes. In this
way when money is scarce in New York this
scarcity rcaches to remote parts of the country,
and when money is easy in New York a car-
nival of speculation follows.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. My question
is whether the banks get any credit for that?
Mr. ALLISON. Of course thoy get no
credit. Now, it is proposed to authorize the
country banks, instead of keeping deposits in
New York at four per cent., as the law now
authorizes them to do, to keep Government
deposits at three and sixty-five hundredths.
Now, gentlemen say, why not issue green-
backs? I have no objection to the proposition,
but I am in favor of the proposition reported
by the committee as the best proposition offered,
unless it be one to issue greenbacks instead of
compound-interost notes ; because if we do
not issue these certificates of indebtedness or
greenbacks in lieu of these maturing compound
notes, the Secretary of the Treasury will be
compelled to redeem these compound-interest
notes, and issue in lieu thereof United States
five-twenty bonds, bearing six per cent, in gold,
as he cannot redeem them with the accruing
revenues of the Government; and for one 1 am
opposed to any further extension of the issue
of the gold-bearing bonds of this country, if it
is the j>T>licy of the Government, as I under-
stand it to be, to pay off gradually the national
debt. Therefore, unless wo issuo tho plain
greenbacks in lieu of compound-interest notes,
it is a measure of economy on the part of tho
Government to issue certificates of indebtedness
for the time being, and, as wo collect taxes and
raise money, pay off these short maturing
obligations drawing a low rate of interest,
instead of converting them into long bonds,
drawing interest at six per cent in gold.
Mr. J1AIIDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman allow mo to ask how far this will prob-
ably enable the country banks to keep in re-
serve these certificates?
Mr. ALLISON. My friend knows that the
demand certificates of this Government are
just as good forpurposes of redemption as the
certificates of the Now York banks; and there-
fore it is, if they exhaust their two fifths reserve
of lawful money, they can at any time convert
these certificates into lawful money as easily
and readily as they could their funds deposited
_ in tho New York banks.
Now, I desire to say further, that for myself
I am prepared to vote for the issue of United
States notes in lieu of these compound-interest
notes to the extent proposed by the amendment,
and I deny that the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]" to issue
greenbacks in lieu of compound-interest notes,
is an expansion of the currency. These banks
to-day hold $90,000,000 of compound-interest
notes. They are apart of their reserve as cur-
rency, and when they are withdrawn this reserve
must be made up by legal-tender notes, which
legal-tender notes to that extent are withdrawn
from circulation. Therefore, if we take from
the banks $90,000,000 of compound-interest
notes and substitute for them the United States
notes, we do not increase the circulation of the
country to any great extent. Hence, I am in
favor of adopting either one or tho other of
these propositions, and I shall first vote to issue
greenbacks to the extent of $90,000,000. If
that fails, I shall ask gentlemen who are in favor
of withdrawing $148,000,000 of currency this
year to support the proposition of the com-
mittee, so that we will substitute bonds or a
class of indebtedness bearing a low rate of
interest instead of converting these compound-
interest notes into six per cent, gold-bearing
bonds payable twenty years hence, principal
and interest, in gold. It must be apparent to
all that we must change this form of indebt-
edness before August, 1868. And I shall vote
for that proposition which imposes the least
burden upon the Government and the people.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DODGE. I am prepared to vote forthe
report of the committee. I think it will give
more satisfaction to the entire community than
to pass an amendment to issue $140,000,000
more of greenbacks. There is very great anx-
iety in the country now lest in some way this
Congress will adopt some resolution for the
increase and further inflation of the currency.
Now, the currency cannot be disturbed at all if
this bill shall become a law, for the notes now
to be redeemed bearing six per cent, interest
will be substituted by interest-bearing notes of
throe and sixty-five hundredths per cent. On
the other hand, if you issue the greenbacks, I
believe the Government, let alone the country,
in the purchases to be made during the com-
ing year, will lose more than the S3,000,000
of interest which it would allow the banks.
No plan can be devised which will give such
ease to the anxious and provide for the
$140,000,000 of compound-interest notes as
to pass this bill. They will be substituted
immediately and there will be no inflation of
the currency. On the other hand, if some
provision is not made, tho banks will be
obliged to substitute greenbacks, and there
will be a contraction of over $100,000,000. I
trust the bill as reported by the committee
will be passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentlman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. I want to make a suggestion in
relation to the proposed amendment. It seems
to me a very valuable amendment with just
one change in it. It now provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall issue legal-
tender notes in place of tho compound-inter-
est notes. I think it ought to be changed so
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue
as many legal-tender notes as he deems neces-
sary. The difference, which is very marked,
is this: the Secretary of the Treasury holds
on hand now $40,000,000 of legal-tender notes,
or their equivalent at currency value. Now,
if he can dispose of aportion of that $40,000,000
and take up six per cent., notes, why not do it ?
If he hereafter chooses to keep $20,000,000
on hand instead of $40,000,000, and uses the
balance to take up six per cent, notes, what
is the objection to his doing it? Why oblige
him to increase the volume of the currency,
no matter what the circumstances in which
the Treasury is placed? It does seem to me
that the House is taking upon itself the man-
agement of the currency in a particular that it
would not do if it realized the condition in
which the Secretary of the Treasury finds
himself placed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, section thirty-
one of the national currency act provides:
" That every association in the cities hereinafter
named shall, at all times, have on hand in lawful
money of the United States an amount equal to at
least twenty-five per cent, of the aggregate amount,
of its notes in circulation and its deposits, and every
other association shall have fifteen per cent."
That twenty-five per "cent, and fifteen per
cent, of lawful money which the national banks
are required to keep as a reserve amounts at
the present time to something over two hun-
dred million dollars, $100,000,000 of which is
held in compound-interest notes. Sir, I am
told by tho Comptroller of the currency that
about ninety million dollars are returned, but
there is mixed in the returns, according to the
estimate, about ten million dollars more.
Now, within the present fiscal year the com-
pound-interest notes mature and are to be paid,
and they amount, with the interest added, to
$170,000,000. I suppose that with the excep-
tion of the $100,000,000 held by the banks the
others are out of circulation, but are held as
investments. So that retiring the $70,000,000
held as investments by individuals would not
contract the currency, but the $100,000,000
which are held by the banks as a reserve must
be replaced by $100,000,000 of legal tenders
withdrawn from circulation.
As has been stated to-day, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to withdraw
$4,000,000 per month, or $48,000,000 in the
course of a year, and in addition to that the
banks will have to supply the place of these
compound-interest notes now held as a reserve,
which will withdraw $100,000,000 more, making
$148,000,000 in a single year. Now, I take it
any business man knows we could not stand
any such contraction as that, and hence this
bill is reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means for the substitution of $100,000,000 for
that amount of compound-interest notes to be
taken from the banks as a reserve of lawful
money.
Now, look at the effect of it. Here are
$100,000,000 of three per cent, notes made, for
what ? As the gentleman from Iowa well said,'
to take the place of lawful money and redeem
the obligations of the banks. Every gentle-
man knows that without a reserve of lawful
money they cannot redeem their obligations
when presented. But gentlemen say these bonds
are on demand, and they can be carried back
to the Treasury and receive their $100,000,000.
True, but the Government in the mean time is
not only paying three per cent, on this $100,-
000,000 but holding $100,000,000 of currency
in the Treasury with which to redeem these
demand bonds.
Now, what is the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania? It is to issue legal-
tender notes to the full amount of these com-
pound-interest notes. Itgoes very much further
than any other proposition which has been
made here. It proposes that we shall not only
provide for these $100,000,000 of compound-
interest notes, which would be no inflation of
the currency, but simply a substitution by the
banks of legal-tender notes for the compound-
interest notes now held in reserve by them;
but that the other $70,000,000 of compound-
interest notes not held by the banks, but by
private individuals, shall be replaced by legal-
tender notes which are to go immediately into
circulation. We therefore, by the provisions
of this bill, if amended as the gentleman pro-
poses, not only forbid the contraction of
$4,000,000 of the currency per month, now
authorized by law, but we increase the present
circulation by $70,000,000. 1 am not prepared
to support any such proposition.
Now, the plan I proposed would replace the
$100,000,000 of compound-interest notes by
legal tenders, instead of by these iuterest-
bearing demand bonds, provided for in the
first section of this bill, thus saving the Gov-
ernment not only the interest on the bonds, but
also upon whatever amount the Secretary of
the Treasury would be obliged to hold with
which to redeem them when presented. This
would be neither inflating nor contracting, but
would leave the amount in circulation pre-
cisely the same as at present. It is said by gen-
tlemen that the banks would use their reserve
if all in United States notes, but they have
$100,000,000 of such notes under this bill
and $100,000,000 of these proposed bonds
payable on demand, for which they can at any
time obtain United States notes at the Treas-
ury. There is no protection whatever against
