52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 19,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
into the institution during the year; the time
of life at which each of the 2,209 patients
Ireated since the opening of the institution be-
came insane ; their nativity; the form of dis-
ease under which they labored when admitted;
the number who paid the expenses of their
maintenance and treatment, and the number
entitled to gratuitous adrfiission. A singular
and interesting fact is established. The in-
stances of the recovery of patients who have
been received from the Army or Navy are by
three hundred per cent, more numerous than
in the cases of persons who have been ad-
mitted from the avocations of civil life. This
▼ery marked difference in results is attributed
to the fact that the former are sent to the hos-
pital immediately on the appearance of symp-
toms of insanity, and their treatment is not
interrupted or thwarted by injudicious friends.
The importance of these two conditions—early
entrance and uninterrupted treatment—is fully
and ably discussed in the report.
During the year the receipts were $111,160
84, and the expenditures $107,079 10, leaving
a balance in the hands of the superintendent
of $4,081 74. Estimates are submitted for
the next fiscal year by the Board of Visitors
and the superintendent of construction.
My predecessors have alluded in terms of
commendation to the management of this in-
stitution under the auspices of the eminent
professional gentleman who is at its head. It
continues with signal success to subserve the
great objects for which it was created. It is a
noble charity, founded and owned by the Gov-
ernment, and worthy in all respects of its fos-
tsring care.
There have been on the rolls of the Colum-
bia Institution for the instruction of the Deaf
and Dumb, since July 1, 1865, one hundred
and six pupils, of whom seventy-three were
males, and thirty-three were females. Ninety-
six are now in attendance, of whom twenty are
from the District of Columbia, and two are
children of persons in the military service of
the United States.
During the fiscal year ending June 30,1866,
the receipts for the support of the institution
were $26,835 44, and the disbursements,
$26,988 58, leaving a balance due to the pres-
ident of $153 14.
For the erection of buildings the receipts
from appropriations and a small balance on
hand were $39,490 53, and the disbursements
were $37,056 68, leaving a balance on hand
Jnk 1,1866, of $2,433 85.
For the improvement of the grounds there
was at the same date an unexpended balance
of $2,222 46 remaining from the appropriation
of $3,500 made for this purpose at the last ses-
sion of Congress.
The report of the Board of Directors contains
aa interesting and instructive comparison of
tb# instruction of semi-mutes which prevails
ip this country with that adopted in Germany.
It is proposed to confer upon the pupils the
advantages and benefits of each method.
The institution embraces a primary school
and the collegiate department. In the former,
instruction is confined to the elementary
branches. In the latter, there is a class for such
pupils as evince a desire and an adequate capa-
city for a more extended and liberal education.
On completing the preparatory studies there
pursued, and passing a satisfactory examina-
tion, they may enter the college proper, where
the course comprises the ancient languages,
French, German, mathematics, history, meta-
physics, the natural sciences, and the science
of government. ^ Such large educational facil-
ities, especially in the more advanced studies,
are not afforded in any of the twenty-two ex-
cellent asylums for the deaf and dumb now in
active operation in the United States. The
collegiate and academic departments have been
efficiently and successfully conducted by the
accomplished president and professors of the
in titation. It is gratifying to record that many
of their pupils manifest an ardent love of
knowledge and a high capacity for acquir-
ing it.
This is not a Government institution. The
United States have no control over it, nor are
they vested with the title to the property pur-
chased with their munificent benefactions. It
had its origin in the generous purpose of
public-spirited individuals to secure ahomeand
the means of intellectual and moral training for
the indigent children of this District who were
blind, or deaf and dumb. At the time this move-
ment was inaugurated, neither Congress nor
the local authorities had made special provision
for this afflicted class, although asylums had
been opened in many of the States for their
own citizens, whose infirmities and necessitous
circumstances gaye a just claim upon public
bounty. An association was formed, and, by
the act of February 16,1857, was created a body
politic and corporate under the name of the
" Columbia Institution forthe Instruction of the
Deaf, Dumb, and Blind." The Secretary of the
Interior is authorized to procure admission to
the_institution for all of this class of teachable
age and indigent circumstances who belong to
this District, or are the children of persons in
our military or naval service, and to pay $150
per annum for the maintenance and tuition of
each pupil admitted by his order.
Congress, by an act approved May 20, 1858,
allowed for five years to the institution, $3,000
per annum for salaries and incidental expenses.
At the expiration of this period $4,000 was al-
lowed for this purpose, and successive annual
appropriations were made, respectively, of
$4,400, $7,500, and $12,500.
In the mean time the institution desired to
be relieved of the care of the blind. The re-
quisite amendment to the charter was obtained.
The Government beneficiaries of this class are
now educated at an institution in an adjoining
State.
The directors, in their annual report for 1865,
proposed, in lieu of the annual allowance for
each Government pupil, an appropriation in
gross for the support of the institution. Their
estimate was $20,700, which sum was allowed
by Congress for the current year.
Congress has appropriated $136,065 87 for
the purchase of grounds, the erection of build-
ings, and other improvements. Deducting
from the existing appropriation the sum of
$3,300, to which the institution would have
had undoubted claim on account of the twenty-
two Government pupils, and it appears that
Congress, in addition to the payment of the
stipulated per capita charges, has advanced to
this institution the sum of $196,805 87.
The directors submit the following estimate
for the next year: $25,000 for the support of
the institution, and $62,175 for buildings and
improvements, making an aggregate of $87,175,
being $15,235 in. excess of the last appropria-
tions for the.same objects.
The expediency of granting so large a sum
is submitted for consideration. If it is the
intention of Congress to pay the salaries of the
officers and teachers, and to provide merely for
those who are entitled under existing laws to
the privileges of the institution at the charge
of the Government, the sum of $25,000 is fully
adequate to the purpose. But it has been sug-
gested that the advanced department should be
maintained on such a footing that the deaf
mutes of the several States, on completing
their preliminary studies, may enjoy, free of
charge, the privileges of a course of instruction
equal to that pursued in the best American
colleges. Such persons, if in indigent circum-
stances, have been heretofore maintained and
educated at the State establishments at the
expense of the States to which they belong.
The directors conceive thatan institution which
offers advantages "which cannot be afforded
in the local institutions should be as free to the
citizens .of the States as to those of the Federal
District and to children of the Army and Navy.''
There is, in my judgment, an obvious distinc-
tion between the exercise by Congress of its
conceded power to legislate for the local wants
of this District and for the Army and Navy,
and its assumption of a power which has wisely
and to the fullest extent been conferred upon
the States. No necessity whatever exists for
the erection of additional buildings to meet
present wants. But should Congress provide
for the gratuitous collegiate instruction of the
deaf mutes of the United States, I concur with
the directors in the opinion that accommoda-
tions for a hundred students in the college will
probably not be "in excess of the demand that
will be likely to arise within a few years."
The whole subject is respectfully presented
for consideration, in connection with the esti-
mates furnished by the board. In my opinion
no further sums should be advanced until the
charter of the institution be so modified as to
secure to the Government an efficient control
in its management, and a proper accountability
in the application and disbursement of the
funds appropriated.
I desire to bear testimony to the energetic
and faithful manner in which the officers of
this Department have, since my connection
with it, discharged their duties; and I cannot
suffer this opportunity to pass without assert-
ing their just claims to more ample compensa-
tion.
The chiefs of bureaus are charged with
weighty responsibilities, and required to de-
termine difficult and complicated questions.
I am unable to perceive any difference in the
' relative importance and value oftheir respect-
ive services. Their pay was formerly the
same. No one familiar with the subject will
pretend that the duties of the Commissioner
of Patents are the most difficult and exacting;
and yet, by a singular inadvertence, his salary
was alone increased. It is now fifty per cent,
more than that of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, or the Commissioner of Pensions,
and even exceeds that of the Assistant Secre-
tary, who, in the absence of the Secretary, is
exclusively charged with the entire supervision
of the Department. I am not of opinion that
it is too large. Indeed it is less than that of
many bureau officers at the seat of Govern-
ment. But I respectfully submit that no such
discrimination should be made between officers
of the same grade in this Department, and that
the Assistant Secretary, in view of his official
position and arduous duties, should receive a
salary less only than that of the head of the
Department.
The clerks are not adequately paid. Many
of them are charged with duties bringing into
constant requisition acquirements which ' are
the fruit of long experience and special study.
The present salaries were fixed many years
ago, and since then the cost of subsistence has
increased one hundred per cent. The remu-
neration of the laborer,«ihe mechanic, and the
professional man has, in the intervening time,
increased in a corresponding ratio, while that
of these valuable public servants remains the
same. Those of ripest experience and greatest
merit frequently resign, as stronger induce-
ments are offered to them in other pursuits
than in the service of the Government. The
applicants for clerkships are numerous enough,
but do not possess the needed capacity for the
higher branches of duty. No one, with the
mostlimited experience in an Executive Depart-
ment, can, I believe, avoid the conclusion that
its efficiency would be largely promoted by a
radical change in the organization of its clerical
force, and that the increased outlay necessary
to secure the services of experienced and skill-
ful clerks would prove in the end to be true
economy.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, O. H. BROWNING,
Secretary of the Interior.
The President.
