1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
they will agree to adjourn now, with the under-
standing that we are to have an hour for debate
immediately after the reading of the Journal
to-morrow we will consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object.
' The question was upon the motion that when
the House adjourn to-day it be to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. LB BLOND. I move to amend that
motion by striking out "Thursday" and in-
serting " Friday."
- Mr. ANCONA. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to submit the
proposition that, instead of taking an hour to-
morrow morning, it be taken now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We are a little out of
breath now.
Mr. HIGBY. That shows how ready you
are for a compromise.
Mr. HISE. I ask the House to excuse me
from further attendance on to-day's session.
No objection was made; and Mr. Hise was
excused.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays upon the motion of Mr. Lb.Blond.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lynch and
Cooper were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes thirty; noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. l&I may be permitted to
do so, I will make a suggestion which, perhaps,
anay meet with approval. It seems that it is
desired to debate this bill which has already
passed its third reading. I suggest, that as this
is a very full House, and there is a very full
attendance in the galleries, by common con-
gent we devote the remainder of the present
session of the House to the discussion of this
bill, and continue it to as late an hour as may
bo desired, with the understanding that the
vote on the passage of the bill shall be taken
to-morrow after the mdrning hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Le Blond's
amendment; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 10, nays 110, not voting *71; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Finck, Glossbren-
er, Goodyear, Hogan, Hunter, Le Blond, Shanklin,
and Stilwel!—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bidwell, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegoo, Brom-
well. Broomall, Buekland, Reader W. Clarke, Gobb,
Conkling, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Delano,
Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eekley. Esgleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins. Hayes, Higby,
Hill, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Domas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes.Kasson, Kclley, Kel-
so, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, Loan, Longyear,
'.Marston, Maynard, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mereur. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Pcrham, Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John II.
Riee, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Tabor, Nelson
Taylor, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—110.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Bundy, Campbell, Chanlcr, Sidney Clarke, Culver,
Bbrling, Davis, Dawes. Defrees, Denison, Donnelly,
Dumont, Farnsworth, Garfield, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hart, Henderson, Hise, Holmes Hotchkiss, Asa-
hel W.Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kerr, Kcte'nnm, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Leftwich, Lynch, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCullough, AlcKee, McRucr, Noell. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Ross, Rousseau.
Sitgrcavcs, Sloan, Stevens, Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Ihomas,
Thornton, Trowbridge.Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew
H. Ward. Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Winlicld, and Wright—71.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Eldridqe's
motion, that when the House adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, because a motion to fix the time to
which the House shall adjourn, has priority
of a simple motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
withdraw my objection to the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
naed. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
proposition again. It is that the remainder
of this day's session be devoted exclusively to
debate upon this bill, and that the vote shall
be taken on the passage of the bill to-morrow,
immediately after the morning hour, without
further dilatory motions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say, in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Tennessee, that
those gentlemen who desired to debate this
question are completely exhausted by the
labors of this day. They cannot speak to-
night. They have had-no dinner, having had
to remain here all day, and they simply ask
that you shall give them one hour to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin object to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee?
Mr. FINCK. I do.
Mr. HILL. I move that these gentlemen
have leave to print all they desire to say upon
this question.
Mt. FINCK. We ask no such right.
Mr. LE BLOND. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the leave is granted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
pending motion so as to provide that when the
House adjourn it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next.
The SPEAKER. That would not be con-
stitutional. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then say on Friday at
ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. It would require unani-
mous consent to change the rule that the House
do meet at twelve o'clock each day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. That will not be in order
until after the morning hour on next Monday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, then, let us go on
and vote on the pending proposition; I do not
care what it is so long as it occupies time._
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 96, not voting
81 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Le Blond,
Niblack, Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, and WiuGeld—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker,Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin. Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buekland, Reader W, Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook. Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Dixon, Driggs,
Eekley, Eggleston, Eliat, Farquhar, Ferry, Grmnell,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby,
Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd. Hunter,
Ingersoll. Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George Y. Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lyneh, Maynard, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, Mcltuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants, Price, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall. William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, bchenck,
Seofteld, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Taber, Nel-
son Taylor, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wha-
ley, Williams, James E.Wilson,andWoodbridge—96.
NOT VOTING-~Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bid-
well, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy,
Chanlcr, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, I)efrees, Delano, Deming. Denison, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont, Farnsworth. Garfield, Griswold,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hill, llise,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell. Humphrey. Jcnckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Latham, William Lawrence, Lettwieb,
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, MeCullough, Mch.ee,
Noell, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, John II. Rice, Ross,
Iiousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell,
Stokes, Strouse, N athaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, 1< rancis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton
Ward Elihu B. Washburae. William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—89.
So the motion of Mr. Eldridge was^ not
agreed to.
The question reaurred on the motion that
the bill be laid on the table, on which the yeas
and navs had been ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege. I desire to make a cor-
rection of the Associated Press report of yes-
terday's proceedings of this House. This is a
question personal to myself. I am reported as
having said in the speech which I made last
night 
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Thimble] is out of order. In the
first place, it is not a question of privilege to
correct the Associated Press report; and in the
second place, the gentleman cannot take the
floor pending the motion to lay the bill on the
table, unless he moves to adjourn or to fix a
time to which the House shall adjourn.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Can I not make the state-
ment by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. FINCK. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair that this is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides further
that, pending the motion to lay the bill on the
table, no gentleman can take the floor for
debate on a question of privilege or for a per-
sonal explanation, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FINCK. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair; and on that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?
Mr. PAINE. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays. -
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Paine and
Finok were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
Mr. FINCK. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ECKLEY. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eckley
and Campbell were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Ohio claims it
is a question of privilege to correct the report
of the Associated Press. The Chair decides
it is not, and that even if it were it could not be
entertained pending the motion that the bill be
laid upon the table, except by unanimous con-
sent. From this decision the gentleman appeals,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania moves
the appeal be laid upon the table.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 1, not voting
77 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Baker,
Banks, Barker, Baxter. Beaman, Benjamin. Bergen,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boycr, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buekland, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cooper, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Drivers, Eekley, Egsleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farqu-
har. Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner,Goodyear, Grinnell,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby,
Hosan, Chester D. Hnbbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kabson, Kcllcy, _ Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrcnce,
Le Blond, Loan, Longyoar, Lynch, Marston, May-
nard, McClurg, Mclndoo, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Mori is, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
Niblack, Nicholson,Noell, O'Neill,Paine,Patterson,
Pcrham, Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randan,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander R. Rice,
! Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, bhank-
lin. Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr. Strouse, Tabcr,
Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Upton,
Van Aermnn, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry i>.
Washburn, Williams, James F. Wilson, WmueU,
and Woodbridge—112.
NAYS—Mr. Ritter—1. _ t
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell. Delo3
