1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
live hundred thousand dollars,by issuing these !
notes which bear no interest.
Mr. DAVJS. Will the gentleman yield to
allow a question?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. When the national banking
system was adopted the banks were required
to purchase the Government bonds and to de-
posit them in the banking and currency depart-
ment as a security for the redemption of their
own notes.
The banks paid for these bonds to the Gov-
ernment, and they received the interest as a
return upon the capital thus advanced to the
Government.
Now, 1 desire to ask the gentleman whether,
if the interest-bearing notes had been issued
to the banks originally instead of bonds, and
if the banks were required to receive for such
interest-bearing notes the demand notes of the
Government, of course bearing no interest,
and were further required to retain these de-
mand notes in their vaults for the sole purpose
of redemption, would these banks i*eceive a
dollar of interest for the money advanced to
the Government on the original purchase?
Mr. HOOPEll, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the proposition to
substitute greenbacks for the interest-bearing
notes is manifestly unjust.
Mr. IIOOPljJR, of Massachusetts. I merely
mean to state in my opinion that while the Gov-
ernment saves $3,500,000 the people would
lose ten times that much by the effect of this
large addition to the currency of the country.
I now ask for the vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment as modified.
Mr. BENJAMIN" demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the allirmativc—yeas 00, nays 58, not voting
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allien, Aneona, Anderson, Am ell,
Bilker, Barker, Baxter, Bcaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Buhvt'U, Bmj?ham, Blow, Boyor, Brandegee, Brom-
weli, Uuoklawl, Bumly, Header \V. Clarke, Sidney
Olarke. Cohh, Cook. (Jullom, Defrecs, Dcnison. Don-
nfilly,Dumont, I'Jjrjxlcston.Eldrid^c.Farnsworth, Far-
quhni, Kerry, Fiack, Uriunell, Aaron Harding', Abner
0. Hardin-:, U.irris, Hawkins Hayes, Henderson,
ilitfliy. Hill, llise, Chester J). Hubbard, James R.
JI ubbrll, H umphrey, Injcersoli, Kasson, Kolioy, Kerr,
Kuvkrnd.tll, Le IJlond, Leftwieh, Longycar, Lynch,
ALnsli.tli, MeOluiar, Melmloc. Moulton, Myers, Nib-
lack, N'tflioison, Noell, O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Patter-
son. Perh:im, Plants, Price, Hartford. Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Rouleau,
lawyer, Schenek, Slianklin, Shellabaryrer. Sloan,
Stun-, Htevens, Stokes, Strouhe, Nathaniel O.Taylor,
Nel.sun Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, l_rp«nn, Van Aernam, Warner, lionry J).
Wa-diburn, Weiker, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—-W.
NAYS—MeK^ry. Alloy, Ames, Bank?, Blaine, Bout-
weil, Broomall. Campbell, Cooper, Culver. Darling1,
Davi.s, Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dodge, Eliot, Olo?s-
brenner, (Joodyear, (Jriswold, Hart, llosan, Holmes,
Hooper, llotehkixs, Domns Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Hrtwiu N. lfubboll, Hunter, Jenckes, Ketchaw,
Koont/. Lnfhn. George V. Lawrence, Marvin, May-
natd, MVK.ec, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander
H. Rk-o, John II. Rice, Rollins, Seolield, Sitgreaves,
•Spalding, Tabor, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
William B. Washburn, Wontwortli, Winfield, and
W oodbr'nhre—-)S.
NOT VOTINGS-—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, B.ildwin, Chanler, Conkling, Delano, Dixon,
Dri'.rus, Eekley, Garfield, TTnle, Asnhel ~\V. Hubhard,
Hulburd, Jones, Julian, ICelso, Latham, William
Lawicnce, Loan, Marston, McCullough, Morrill,
Nowell, Rogers, Stilwell, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward.Elihu
B. «i->hburnc, Whaley, Williams, and Wright—33.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by wliicli the amendment was adopted;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider
on (he table.
-Mr. THAYER. I hope my colleague will
not make the motion to laythe motion to
reconsider 011 the tabic. I understand that
110 amendments are now in order.
The SPEAKER. The House is operating
under the previous question, which does not
exhaust itself until the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. THAYER. T wish the House to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done,
because the order has been partially executed.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to strike out that
part of the bill which prohibits the Secretary
of the Treasury from retiring $4,000,000 a
month.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. THAYER. Cannot I now move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
cannot be reconsidered after it has been par-
tially executed; but when it has_ been exe-
cuted and the previous question is called on
the passage of the bill then the engrossment
can be reconsidered."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. THAYER. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Sir. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. State
your reasons.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to state my
reasons.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on tho subject.
The Cleric read as follows :
" It is in order, pending the demand fur tho previous
question on tho passage of a bill, to move a recon-
sideration of the vote on its engrossment; but such
motion is not debatable under tho practice which has
prevailed for many years."
Mr. THAYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to explain my reasons for
milking this motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose the gentle-
man's object is to move to strike out the second
section of the bill, and that is all.
Mr. THAYER. That is it. The House
understands it.
Tho question was taken on Mr. Thayer's
motion ; and there were—ayes 45, noes 70.
So the motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BOUT WELL demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 84, not voting
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Anderson, Arnell, JamesM.
Ashley, Baker, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham, Bronnvcl I, Buckland, Bundy, Header \Y.
Clarke, Oobb,Cook.Culloni,Defrees, Donnelly, Eggles-
ton, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Goodyear, Grin-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hise, Chester D.Hubbard. Edwin
N. Hubbell, James It. Hubbell, Ingersoll, ICasson,
Kolley, Kelso, Kuykendall,Leftwich,Longyear, Mar-
shall. Maynard, McClurg, MeKee, Miller, Moulton,
Noell, Orth, Paine, Plants, William II. Randall, Hit-
ter, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Slianklin, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Nathaniel (J. Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Van
Aernam, Ilenry D. Washburn, Weiker, James i\
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Culver, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Deming. Dcnison, Dodge, Dumont, Eldridge, Eliot,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Griswold. Aaron Harding Hart,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Demas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
Julian, Iterr, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, Georgo V.
Lawrence, Le Blond, Lynch, Marvin, McKuer, Mer-
eur, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond. Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Riee, Rollins, Scofiejd, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, "Winfield, and
W oodbridge—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Delano, Dixon, Driggs.Eckley, Gar-
field, Hale, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jones, Latham, William Lawrence, Loan, Marston,
MoCullough, Mclndoe, Morrill, Newell, Rogers,
Rousseau, Stilwell, John L. Thomas. Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, ElihuB.
Washburne, Whaley, Williams, and Wright—32.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed; and I believe that
question is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The first motion would
be to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected. Then a motion to reconsider the
vote on engrossment would be in order, and if
it prevailed the bill would be open for amend-
ment.
Mr. HILL. I voted in the negative for the
purpose of moving to reconsider myself.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected.
I desire to say a word or two, so that the
Hoiise may understand the object I have in
view.
The SPEAKER. As the previous question
is exhausted by the rejection of the bill, the
gentleman from. Pennsylvania, who voted with
the majority, moves to reconsider ; which is a
debatable motion, and he is entitled to the floor
for one hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, I desire
to say to the Honse, so that they may under-
stand what I intend to accomplish by this
motion, that the motion to reconsider the vote
on the engrossment of the bill will enable the
House to strike out the second section, which
has heen the cause of the defeat of the entire
bill; the first section of the bill being accept-
able to the House, as shown by the vote on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] 99 to 58.
I now call the previous question on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Tho SPEAKER. The effect of that motion
will be to leave the bill finally rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 93, not voting
41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin, Banks,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dodge, El-
iot, Finck, Griswold, Ilart, Holmes, Hooper, Iloteh-
kiss, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hunter,
Jenckes, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, Le Blond, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morris, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Ray-
mond, Alexander H.Rice, John II. Riee, Rollins,
Rousseau, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Fran-
cis Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wentworth, Winfield, and AYood-
bridge—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Ar-
nell, James M. Ashley. Baker, Barker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bergen, Bidwell, Blow. Brandegee. Bromwcll.
Buckland, Bundy, Campbell, Chanler, Reader W.
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Hise, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Ilub-
bell, Humphrey, Tngersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kellcy,
Kelso, Kuykendall, Leftwich, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McClurg, Miller, Moulton, Myers,
Niblaelc, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
William I£. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble,
Upson, Van Aernam, Warner. Henry D. Washburn,
Weiker, Whaley, Ja.mes i'. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Windom—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Benja-
min, Blaine, Conkling, Delano, Denison, Dixon,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Garfield, Giossbrenner,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Asabel W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kerr, Latham, William
Lawrence, Loan. Marston. McCullough, Mclndoe,
MeKee, Morrill, Newell, Rogers, Sloan, Starr, Stil-
well, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Ehhu B.
Washburne, Williams, and Wright—41.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
