1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1425
Daring the roll call,
Mr. MARVIN said: I desire to state that
Mr. Newell, of New Jersey, is paired with
Mr. Rogers, of the same State.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I now
move that this bill be committed to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, with instruc-
tions to immediately report the same back to
the House with the second section stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. Cannot the same thingbe
accomplished by moving to strike out this sec-
tion by way of amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
be in order without a reconsideration of the
engrossment of the bill, and the engrossment
of this bill cannot now be moved, because one
motion to that effect has already been made
and laid on the table.
Mr. LB BLOND. Will my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] yield to me for
a question ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield for a question simply.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise for the purpose of
obtaining some information in regard to the
effect of the vote we are about to take. In
the event that we vote to" commit this bill to
the Committee on Banking and Currency with
instructions to report the same back with only
the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] contained in it, and
the bill is passed in that shape, will it not have
the effect of adding the sum of $100,000,000
to the amount of currency now in circulation?
I understand the facts to be these: these
compound-interest notes mature this year, and
of course they must be retired. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] is to issue $100,000,000 of currency
in the place of these compound-interest notes.
Now, it is said the Government will save the
interest by doing that. But instead of getting
rid of the amount of circulating medium which
these compound-interest notes constitute you
merely substitute $100,000,000 of other notes
in their stead. Now, I would like to know if
that is not the practical effect of the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs.] .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
answer the question of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. LeBloxd.] There are now, princi-
pal and interest, §170,000,000 of compound-
interest notes issued. If this bill is adopted, as
I propose to have it modified by the Committee
on Banking and Currency, £100,000,000 of
compound-interest notes will be retired by the
issue of legal-tender notes. The banks now
hold $90,000,000 of these compound-interest
notes; and of course that amount of the new
issue of notes will go into the bank reserves
where the compound-interest notes now are.
And I take it the Treasury of the United States
can dispose of the other $70,000,000 of. com-
pound-interest notes out of the current reve-
nues of the Government. Therefore this issue
of $100,000,000 of legal-tender notes will b<
neither an inflation nor a contraction of the
amount of currency in circulation. ^
And further: if you do not provide m this
manner for the liquidation of these compound-
interest notes, you will force the Secretary of
the Treasury to throw upon the market five-
twenty bonds to the extent of $100,000,000,
which can but prove disastrous to the financial
interests of the Government. Now, the Gov-
ernment does not desire to have these five-twenty
bonds forced upon the market, but that they
shall be used in the liquidation of the seven-
thirties as they fall due.
And the striking out the second section of
this bill will allow the contraction of the cur-
rency at the rate of $4,000,000 per month to
'continue as now provided by law; which will
bG in accordance with, the action of tne Senate*
39xii Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 90.
and I believe in accordance with the best in-
terests of the country.
Mr. DAWSON. Is it not proposed to make
a new issue of greenbacks to the extent of
$100,000,000?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is
proposed to retire these compound-interest
notes now held by the banks to the extent
of $100,000,000 by the issue of non-interest-
bearing evidences of indebtedness, thereby
saving to the Government the interest on the
sum of $100,000,000.
Mr. DAWSON. That $100,000,000 is to be
in addition to the present circulation ?
Mr. RANDALL, .of Pennsylvania. It is.
Mr. DAWSON. And is it not to that extent
an increase of the amount of currency in circu-
lation ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. I think it must be, for the
reason that the compound-interest notes are
not in circulation while this new issue will be
in circulation.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I^will
only say now that the gentleman is incorrect
in his conclusions. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge] for five
minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to affirm that this
is a mere substitution of $100,000,000 of non-
interest-bearing 'notes for compound-interest
notes.which are now in existence. I wish to
know from him whether the compound-interest
notes will not be retired by lapse of time, by
the expiration of tho term for which they were
issued, no matter whether the $100,000,000
now proposed to be issued be issued or not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. These
compound-interest notes mature in a short
time and must be retired in some manner.
I think that the only common-sense manner in
which this can be done is the manner in which
the House has determined it shall be done.
I now yield to tho gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] and after that I shall demand
the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a single
word in support of the position which has
been taken by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall.]
There will mature this year $111,000,000
of compound-interest notes, which, with the
interest, will amount to nearly one hundred
and forty million dollars. The Secretary of
the Treasury must retire these notes in some
way. If he does not retire them by issuing
$100,000,000 of greenbacks, he must do it by
the issue of $100,000,000 of five-twenty bonds;
because we cannot expect to raise revenue
enough during the present year to pay off
these $140,000,000 of compound-interest notes.
The question, therefore, is simply whether the
Government will issue $100,000,000 of non-
interest-bearing indebtedness, which shall run
for a year or two until the revenues of the
Government shall suffice for its redemption,
or whether the Government shall issue six per
cent, bonds payable in twenty years, the prin-
cipal and the interest to be paid in gold. The
proposition advocated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not involve any^ expansion
of the currency in the true meaning of that
phrase.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to put a question to
my colleague from Pennsylvania^ [Mr. Ran-
dall..] There is one point "which. I desire
shall be made clear, and that is whether there
is anything in this bill, or in any existing law,
which would prevent the banks from imme-
diately puttinginto circulation the $100,000,000
of greenbacks proposed to be issued. Is there
any provision which would secure the country
from an inflation of the currency to that extent ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I thought
I had made myself understood on that point.
The present law provides for a certain reserve
to be held by the banks. We now propose a
mere substitution in the character of that
reserve. I think it a doubtful question whether,
under the present law, the banks are author-
ized in holding these compound-interest notes
as a reserve; but they do it. We now pro-
pose to substitute for this reserve of com-
pound-interest notes an indebtedness without
interest in the form of $100,000,000 of legal
tenders.
message fb0m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. PoBifBT,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) in
relation to national banking associations; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 965) declaring
Clinton bridge across the Mississippi river at
Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post route,
with an amendment; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
COMPOUND-INTEKEST NOTES AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I want
to call the attention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to the fact that the banks are
authorized to hold three fifths of their reserve
in balances due from other banks. They
would, therefore, if the pending proposition
should become a law, increase the amount of
those balances and use as a circulating medium
a considerable portion of these $100,000,000
of legal-tender notes. I see nothing to pre-
vent them from doing it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
would do them no good. In addition to that
the contraction now authorized by law at the
rate of $4,000,000 per month is to continue,
and this in two years would counterbalance
this issue of $100,000,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
banks now hold these compound-interest notes
as their reserve, because they bear six per
cent, interest. If these compound-interest
notes be withdrawn and $100,000,000 of green-
backs be issued in their place, the banks will
then hold as their reserve balances due from
other banks, on which they get four or five per
cent, interest, and these greenbacks will go
into circulation.
Mr. RANDALL,  f Pennsylvania. They
cannot put the reserves in anything but legal
tenders.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg
the gentleman's pardon; the law says they may
hold the balance of three fifths in dues from
other banks and count it in their reserves. I
wish the House to understand it clearly.
One word more. The gentleman says it
repeals the law which obliges the Secretary
to contract the legal tenders at the rate of
$4,000,000 per month or $48,000,000 a year. I
should like to know where that law is. The
only law is that which prohibits him from con-
tracting more than $4,000,000 per month, and
there is uo law requiring him to contract it to
that extent. .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If he
does not carry out the law it is not my fault.
But I believe he is in favor of contraction. I
yield to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. The only effect of this hill is
to leave the law precisely where it is, in favor
of contraction. There is no outside tinkering
with the currency. It provides that the com-
pound-interest notes shall be retired in the
next twelve months, and these non-interest-
bearing legal tenders are to be held by the
banks in their place as reserves. If the bill
passes we will go on contracting as we have
done for the last nine months, while we snbsti-
tute for notes that bear interest notes that bear
no interest. There is no other change, no in-
terference with the currency whatever, and m
my opinion there ought not to be any unless
as under existing law. The country wants to
know how this matter is to be settled, and as
long as we talk about inflation and contraction
this turmoil will continue. Let the contrac-
tion go oil at the rate of $4,000,000 per
and these legal tenders without interest take
the place of the compound-interest notes.
