1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion.thereof the bill was referred with instruc-
tions to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, reported,
under instruction of the House, the hill back,
with the second section stricken out.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency have never
had charge of this bill; it has never got into
their hands, and I make the point of order the
gentleman cannot report it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The committee are under the
orders of the House, and in previous Con-
gresses when the House has been in the same
dilemma as now by reconsidering and laying
on the table the vote by which the bill was
engrossed, and they could not again reconsider,
they have committed with instructions to report
back immediately.
Mr. DAWES. What authority has the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to speak for the
eommittee? They have not authorized him.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Groat
emergencies require some assumption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is a mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. WARD, of New York. The gentleman
does not constitute a quorum of the committee.
He is not the chairman.
The SPEAKER. Neither would the chair-
man. The chairman of the committee is the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy,]
and if lie insists ho has the right to report the
bill back. Following the practice of previous
Congresses, the member of the committee who
moved to commit the hill has been recognized
to report it back.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 wish to say nothing but
the order of the House could induce me to
make such a report.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
lay the bill on the table ; and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 95, not voting
!)0 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin, Banks,
Blaine., Boyor, Broomall, Chanter, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Denison, Doclge,
Eldiidge, Kliut, Finek, Goudycav, Griswold, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Hiso, Hognn, Holmes, Hooper, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, John If. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Jenckes, Kctchiun. Koontu, George V. Lawrence,
Lo Blond, Marvin, MoRucr, Merour, IVIoorhead, AI Gi-
ns, Niblaek, Patterson, Phelps. Pomeroy, Radford,
Raymond, Alexander H.Kice, John H. Rie(\ Rollins,
Scofiold, .Strouse. Taber, Hurt Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, William li. Washburn, Weutwortll, Winlield,
and Woodbridgo—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Arnetl,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Barker, By,xtor, Bcaman,
Benjamin, Bergen, liidwcll, Bingham, Blow, Brando-
gee, Broinwcll, Bnekland, Bundy, Campbell, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Defrees, Delano, Donnelly, Eggleston, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill,
Edwin N. [Iubbell, James R. Hubbell, IngersoH,
Julian, Kasson, Kolley, TColso, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Leftwich, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Molniloe, McKec, Miller, Moulton, Myers,
Nicholson, Noeil, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Plants, Pricc, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Bitter, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schcnck.Shank-
lin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam,
Warner, Henry IX Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Windom—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Bout-
well, Conkling, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
Garfield, Glossbrenncr, Hale, Hotchkiss, Asaliel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard. Hulburd, Jones,
Laflin, Latham, William Lawrence, Loan, Marston,
MoCullough, Morrill, Newell, Pike, Rogers, Sloan,
Stilwcll, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. "Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, J ames F. Wilson, and
W right—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LAFLIN stated that he had paired with
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, who would have voted
in the negative, while he [Mr. Laflin] would
have voted in the affirmative.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, the question recurred on seconding
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. RADFORD. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the previous question on the passage of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOO PER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 05, not voting
30; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R.Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baker, Barker, Baxter,
Boaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Boutwell,
Brandegec. Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom. Defrees, Delano,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hayes,Henderson, Higby, Hill,Chester D. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Inger-
soll, Julian, Kasson, Kelly, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Leftwich, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, MelCeo, Moulton, Myers, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Plants. Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II.Ran-
dall, Rittcr, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenck,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Van
Aernar.\ Warner, Honry I). Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, James F. Wilson. _ Stephen 1''. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridgc—(J5.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Banks, Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer, Broomall, Campbell,
Chanlcr, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Doming, Donison, Dodge, Eldridgo, Eliot,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Hart,
Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, John II. Hubbard,
Uulburd. Humphrey, Hunter, Jenekes. Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lo Blond, Mar-
vin, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhoad, Morris, Pat-
terson, Piko, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alexan-
der II. ltico, John H. Rico, Rollins, Scotield, Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Tabor, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams,
and Winlicdd—G5.
NOT VOTING— Mossrs. Blow, Conldmg, Cook,
Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Garfield, Hale,
Hotchkiss, Asahol W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Jones, Latham. William Lawrcnce, Loan, Marston,
MoCullough, Morrill. Ncwoll, Phelps, Rogers. Sloan,
Stilwcll, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Robert T.
Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
and Wright—30.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Would
it be in order to move to amend the title, so as
to read, "A bill to provide for the further
expansion of the currency?"
The SPEAKER. It will if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] yields.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
yield. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james tetlow.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the House resumes the
consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which was pend-
ing at the close of the morning hour yesterday,
for the relief of James Tetlow, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Lawbence,
of ©hio, to lay the bill on the table, on which
no quorum voted.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to pay to James Tetlow, for building four
steam tug-boats, the sum of §86,400, to be
paid out of any money heretofore appropriated
for constructing vessels or machinery, and not
otherwise appropriated.
The question being taken on laying the bill
on the table, it was disagreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw the demand
temporarily for the previous question, in order
to allow my colleague on the committee to
make some reports.
change 0e references.
On motion of Mr. DARLING, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs was discharged from the
consideration of the petition of W. A. Wheeler,
of New York, for relief npon his contract with
the Navy Department; also from the considera-
tion of the petition of A. D. Bishop; and the
same were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I did not hear any
motion to lay aside the other bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on its going on in order?
Mr. DARLING. Will not the gentlemen
permit me to make these brief reports ?
Mr. ROSS. I insist on the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Then the_ House will
resume the consideration of the bill which was
temporarily laid aside.
james tetlow again.
Mr. GRISWOLD. On the taking up of this
bill yesterday I endeavored to convey to the
House so much of the facts in the case as
would enable it to act understanding^ upon
its merits. I will very briefly repeat the cir-
cumstances under which this petition comes
before the House.
In 1863 the Navy Department advertised for
the construction of four gunboats. Among
others who applied was James Tetlow. He
sent his agent to investigate the character of
the boats required, with an estimate as far as
practicable of their cost, and authorized him
to make an application in his name to the De-
partment for the construction of two of these
boats. This agent using the discretion with
which he was thus clothed made a proposition
to construct the two vessels for $84,600 each.
The lowest of the other offers was $128,000.
Immediately on becoming advised of the fact,
Mr Tetlow came to Washington and applied
to the Department to be released from his
obligation to abide by the proposal his agent
had made, the contract not having yet been
signed by him. This the Department refused
to do, and from certain considerations pre-
sented at the Department he was induced to
undertake the eontractat the low price offered,
while others were awarded contracts for pre-
cisely the same work at $128,000. The De-
partment it seems, as a means of relieving him
partially from the difficulty, proffered him a con-
tract for two other of these boats at $128,000,
which was the lowest bid of any but his own ;
and in the hope of retrieving his inevitable
losses he accepted the contracts for building
four boats in all. He went on in good faith,
and in doing so not only exhausted his own
resources, but fell back upon his bondsmen,
who went on and completed the contract in a
manner entirely acceptable to the Department.
The result was that Mr. Tetlow was a loser to
tho amount of $86,000.
He now comes to the Congress of the United
States praying them to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to make up to him that loss
on the construction of the two boats which he
undertook to build at a little more than one
half what was paid to the other contractors.
The Naval Committee were unanimous in their
recommendation to grant this relief. The ap-
plicant is an entire stranger to me. I never
saw him except when he appeared before the
committee; but, sir, he extorted from me, as
he did from every member of the committee,
the concession that his claim was not only just
and fair, but that the Congress of the United
States would be doing injustice to itself and an
outrage to one of its citizens not to grant this
very reasonable relief. The man is utterly
ruined, pecuniarily and in a business point of
view, by reason of the Government of the
United States insisting upon his carrying out his
contract from which he begged to be relieved,
and he now throws himself, not upon his legal
