662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
reconsider the vote by which the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] was excused
from voting.
Mr. FINCK. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GRINNELL. I demand tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Baker and Hogan.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-five, noes none.
So (one fifth of the members present having
voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question being taken on reconsidering
the vote by which the House excused Mr, F.
Thomas, it was decided in the negative—avcs
13, noes 85, not voting 93 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bergen, Eldridge, Finck, Good-
year, Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Noeli, Shanklin, Spalding, and Warner—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baiter, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin.
Boutwell, Boyer, Broomatl, Campbell, Reader W,
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cooper, Callom, Daw-
son, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, jEckley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Glossbrenner, GrinneU,
Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Hotehkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jcnckes, Julian, Kelso,
Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, Longyear, Lynch, Mars-
ton, McClure, Mclndoe, McRuer, Merour, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Plants. Price, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Sawyer,
SehQnck. Scofield, Shellabarger, Starr, Strouse, Nel-
son Taylor, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Henry D. AVashburn, Welkor, Whaley, and
Williams—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow,Brandegee, Brouiwcll, Buckland, Bun-
dy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davi^,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dunjont,
Farnsworth, Garfield, GriswoJd, Hale, Aaron Har-
ding, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hise, Holmes. Hooper,
Asnhcl W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, i£dwin N.
Hubbell, Jamca R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrcnce. Leftwich,
Loan. Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCuliough.Mc-
Kee, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Newell, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Ponieioy. Radford,Raymond, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Taber, Nathaniel G. Tay-
loi, Thayer. Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. An-
drew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B, Washburn, Wentworth, James F,
WilsoB, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield.
Woodbridge, and Wright—93.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll of
absentees for excuses.
John L. Thomas. No excuse offered.
Anthony Thornton. No excuse offered.
Robert T. Van Horn.
Mr. HOGrAN. I move that he be excused.
He is absent from the city sick, and he was
excused in the early part of the evening.
The motion was agreed to.
Andrew H. Ward. No excuse offered.
Hamilton Ward. No excuse offered.
William B. Washburn. No excuse offered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I am quite
anxious that we should adjourn. We have got
an internal revenue bill to act upon in the next
few days. The Committee of Ways and Means
are very anxious to have the morning for
committee work; the tariff bill is to be acted
upon, and I have received such assurances
tliat I am satisfied there will be no dilatory
motions made to-morrow morning. I there-
fore move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. What assurances are they?
I demand the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken ; it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 63, not voting 90;
as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ancona,Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer,
Campbell, Conkling, Cooper, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge,
Eckley, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hawkins,
Hogan, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Hunter, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Lo
Blond, Marston, MeRuer, Miller, Morrill, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Ritter, Scofield Shanklin, Strouse, Taber,
Trowbridge, and Whaley—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Broomall,
Bueklaml, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Delano, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Far-
auhar, Ferry, Grinneil, Abner C. Harding, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
JIubbnrd, Kelso, Koontz, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg,
Molndoo, Mcrcur, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
Nocll, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perhara, Plants, Price,
Samuel J. Randall. William H. Randall, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabarger, Starr,
Nelson Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and Wil-
liams—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allej", Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blow, Brandcgee, Bromwell, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Denison, Dumont, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, May-
nard, MeCullongh, MeKee, Moorhead, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alexan-
der II. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes. Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Thnyer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew
H, Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washbuwe,
Henry B. Washburn. Wentworth, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Clerk resumed the call of the list of
absentees for excuses.
Stephen F. Wilson. No excuse offered.
William Windom.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask that my colleague,
Mr. Windom, be excused on account of illness
in his family.
The motion was agreed to.
Frederick E. Woodbridge.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] be
excused on account of indisposition.
Mr. SCHENCIv and Mr. ELDRIDGE. He
is well enough.
The motion of Mr. Grinnell was not agreed
to.
Edwin R. Y. Wright. No excuse offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that a warrant
be issued for the arrest of such of the absentees
as have not been excused, and that the Ser-
geant-at-x\rms be directed to bring them to the
bar of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr- ALLISON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know what becomes of the
gentlemen who answered to their names on the
first call of the roll, and then left the House.
Are they to be included within this warrant?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the gentleman that no member has
left the Hall within the knowledge of the Chair
except upon agreeing to return within five min-
utes, and not to leave the building.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think the Chair
quite apprehends my question. At the first
roll-call a number of members answered to
their names and then left the Hall before the
doors were closed.
Mr. MORRILL. And some of them went
out through the windows.
Mr. CONKLING. Did any go up the chim-
ney? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I state from my personal
knowledge, as a member of this House, that
certain members who answered at the first call
of the roll have since disappeared from the
Hall. Now, I move that after the warrant just
ordered shall have been issued, and while we
are waiting for a return upon it, there be an-
other call of the House, and an additional war-
rant be issued for those who left immediately
upon the first call of the roll. [Cries of "That
is right."]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That can
only be done by dispensing with the present
call of the House, as there cannot be two calls
of the House at the same time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to dispense
with the present call, and that a new call of
the House immediately take place.
Mr. ELIOT. I would ask of the Chair this
question: suppose the present warrant be
issued, and before the Sergeant-at-Arms make
a return upon it the call be dispensed with and
then a new call be ordered, would not the
effect of that be to bring the absentees named
in the present warrant into the House to answer
to the second call ?
Mr. CONKLING. Those men coming in
would be in time to answer to their names
under the new call.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my motion
for a new call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The result
desired to be reached can be accomplished by
unanimous consent, and all members not an-
swering to their names on the new call, and
not excused, can Be included in the warrant.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that that be done.
No objection was made.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll
again.
The following, members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Bundy,Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Den-
ison, Dumont, Farnsworth, Garfield, Griswold, Halo,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart. Henderson, Hise,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James It. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Latham. George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Mar-
vin, Maynard, MeOullough, MeKee, Moorhead, Pat-
terson. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond,
John H. Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert
T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Went-
worth. James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright.
Mr. TRIMBLE. My colleague, Mr. Ward,
is confined to his room by sickness. He was
excused on the first call. If it be necessary
to make the motion again I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MO ULTON. I move that warrants issue
for all the absentees ex cept those who have been
excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. An order of
that kind, including all the absentees, has
already been made by unanimous consent.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that
my colleague, Mr. Jones, be excused on account
of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that my colleague,
Mr. A. W. Hubbabd, be excused. He has been
absent during the whole session on account of
sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Henderson] be excused.
He is sick.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I move that my colleague, Mr.
Dumont, be excused on account of sickness.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dumont] has already been excused.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that my
colleague, Mr. William Lawrence, be ex-
cused. He is absent from the city and is sick.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOULTON. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Brohwell, be excused. He is at home
sick.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Blow, be excused. He is detained at home
by sickness in his family.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens, be
excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He has al-
ready been excused for the entire day.
The Clerk, by direction of the Speaker pro
tempore, read the names of the members who
had answered on the first call, but who did not
respond on the last call. They were as follows:
James G. Blaine, John A. Bingham, Augustus
Brandegee, Henry C. Deming, John P. Farns-
worth, John A. Griswold, Robert S. Hale,
Ebon C. Ingersoll, William D. Kelley, James
