1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
rights, but upon the justice and magnanimity
of the American Congress.
_ Mr. BRANDEGEE. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker. I am
aware with what impatience this House listens,
it' it listens at all, to a statement of the claim
of a mere private party who asks for justice
from the Government of the United States.
We are so in the habit in this Hall of having
our thoughts drawn toward millions—a most
conspicuous illustration of which has occurred
this morning, where we have decided to issue
another one hundred millions or so of legal-
tender notes, as the ordinary business of a fore-
noon—we are so aecustomcd to vote our lands
by the square mile, and our money by the mil-
lion, that the plaintive cry for private relief,
no matter how meritorious, rarely makes its
voice heard abov)s the war of contesting par-
ties, or the clash of contending interests in
this stormy forum. And if by chance some
case more meritorious than usual, or some cry
from the depth of a more than ordinary dis-
tress, draws for a moment aside the eye engaged
in the momentous business of reading the
morning newspaper, or arrests the pen in the
all-important task of franking the latest speech
to one's constituent, the eye and the ear are at
once closed if it be ascertained that that claim,
is presented in the hated name of a Government
contractor.
A Government contractor! Why Mr.
Speaker, it is a proscribed name within these
walls. *A publican was not as odious to the
Jews. To name him is to name that son of
Ishmael whose hand was not only against every
man, but every man's hand from that day to
this was in duty bound to be against him.
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all this I
stand here to-day to advocate the claim of
James Tetlow, a contractor; a naval contrac-
tor ; an honest mechanic who asks of the Gov-
ernment, whom he has served, simply justice.
And I have faith to believe, if I can get the
ear of the House, that he will not go from this
Hall without that justice which will prove a
blessing both to those who give and to him
upon whom it is bestowed.
I implore the House to listen before it shall
decide. There is a tribunal—the classical gen-
tleman from New York, who honors me with
his attention, [Mr. Raymond,] knows where it
is located, and who presides—which is said to
first decide and afterward to hear the argu-
ment, " RhadamaiUhus castigat audit que."
But I am sure this House will at least listen
before by its decision it invites bankruptcy and
beggary to sit down at the hearthstone of this
honest claimant.
Mr. James Tetlow, of Massachusetts, was,
before the Navy Department called upon him
for assistance, a plain, simple, honest, ship-
builder in East Boston. He had not, perhaps,
a national or trans-Atlantic reputation; he
built but few ships, but he built them well, and
he had a good name for the quality, if not for
the quantity of his work. During the early
part of the war he had done some work for the
Navy Department, and had won their confi-
dence for the skill and fidelity with which he
had performed all his contracts.
When at lastthat Department was obliged to
appeal to the patriotic ship-builders of the
country for assistance to put afloat that match-
less navy which was to bear upon every ocean
the thunders of your cannon, they applied to
Mr. Tetlow at once, as one of the parties m
whom they had confidence, and from whom they
desired to receive proposals for contract. Mr.
Tetlow sent on his agent to make a bid for two
of the vessels. There were no terms stated
in the proposition which he furnished to his
agent; he furnished the agent a blank writing
in the nature of a bid, with thenames of the
securities attached, leaving to his agent, upon
consultation with the bureau at Washington,
to put in the appropriate price. The agent,
by the grossest of blunders, by the most inexcu-
sable negligence, not by any latent ambiguity,
but by leaving out an estimate of one of the
most important particulars of the construction
of the vessel, failed to estimate for one third
of its entire cost. So that he put in a bid
upon this blank, offering to construct for two
of these vessels at a cost of $84,600 each, and
that, too, when they could not then be built
for less than $128,000 each. Indeed, the De-
partment contracted that very day with other
parties for the construction of vessels of a
similar class in every respect for the sum of
$128,000 each.
This agent telegraphed to his principal the
bid he had made and which was accepted. At
once Mr. Tetlow telegraphed back that there
must be some mistake; that it could not be
possible that the agent could have entered a
bid at such a price. Mr. Tetlow immediately
came on in person to protest against the bid
being acccpted. When he arrived here he
found, as many others have found, that his
hand was in the mouth of the lion. The Navy
Department had his bid with sureties, and
proposed to hold on to it. The Department
then had its grasp upon every naval contractor,
every public navy-yard, and every private ship-
yard in the country ; as the War Department
had also its grasp upon all the shops in the
country where materials of war and even loco-
motives were manufactured. And the heavy
hand of the Department could be laid upon any
manufacturer in the country, and his shop, his
tools, his business, and even his operatives
could be taken away from him if they thought
proper to do so.
When Mr. Tetlow protested against the exe-
cution of this contract, he was informed by the
Department that he must fulfill his contract;
and if he did fulfill it honestly and to the satis-
faction of the Department and he sustained a
loss they would recommend to Congress to
grant him relief.
Mr. SPALDING. Did he enter into a
written contract after he had this knowledge ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That is just what I am
stating; a bid was made which was accepted.
Mr. Tetlow protested against signing a contract
predicated upon that bid. But the Depart-
ment stated to him that he must sign the con-
tract, else the Department would compel the
execution of the bid he had made under surety.
At the time he also had other Government work
which he was doing for the Navy Department,
which put it in the power of the Department to
compel him to sign that contract.
Now, there is nothing clearer in the ease
than that Mr. Tetlow protested against the
execution of the contract, and it was only
upon the Department holding out the contract
with one hand and saying they would compel
him to execute it, and saying, on the other
hand, that if he executed the contract satisfac-
torily and sustained a loss they would recom-
mend that a bill be passed for his relief, that
he was finally prevailed upon to sign it and
enter upon its execution.
Mr. Tetlow then signed the contract. He went
on and built two ships for the Government,
the Fortune and the Speedwell, I believe; and
he built them so well, so successfully, so thor-
oughly, that, according to the testimony of the
Department adduced before the committee,
they were, if not the very best, among the
best vessels of their class in the Navy. They
were felicitous names lor the Navy, the Speed-
well and the Fortune; but they were unfor-
tunate names for this contractor. They would
more appropriately have been named Beggary
and Bankruptcy so far as he is concerned, un-
less he can obtain from this Congress _the relief
which the Department authorized liim to ex-
pect; for he incurred a loss of more than fifty
thousand dollars upon each of those vessels.
Those who put in bids at the same time for
the same class of vessels fixed the price at
$128,000 apiece; yet the men who took con-
tracts at this price are here to-day asking re-
lief. This man Tetlow took a contract at
$84,600, $43,400 less than these other con-
tractors, and he merely asks to be allowed the
amount which he would have received it he
had contracted on the same terms as they
did.
Now, sir, the construction of these for him,
ill-starred vessels has brought upon him fiot
only bankruptcy, but imprisonment; for, while
the committee were considering this very mer-
itorious case, this man was arrested for debt in
the State of Massachusetts and lodged in a
debtor's cell, under a law (the relic of a bar-
barous and abominable system) by which when
a creditor swears that he suspects his debtor is
going to leave the State or flee from the exe-
cution of process for the collection of debt the
debtor may be thrown into jail.
Mr. SPALDING. Do they imprison for
debt in Massachusetts unless there be an alle-
gation of fraud ? I do not so understand.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. From his prison cell
that man wrote to the committee asking that
the decision in his case might be deferred until
he could appear and present his ease before
the committee. Subsequently he appeared
before the committee in person. We found
him a plain, simple, honest mechanic, with no
array of legal learning, with no famous lawyers
to present his case, backed up by no lobby,
supported by none of the vermin that swarm
around this Capitol and choke up these aisles,
seeking all sorts of legislation. He came alone
before the committee and stated his case; and
when ho had stated it there was not a mem-
ber of the committee who was not ready to
recommend the granting of the relief which the
Department had promised him. I shall vote
for this bill with all my heart, for I believe that
it is a just and equitable measure.
Mr. HIGBY. Was it on Tetlow's statement
of his case that the committee acted?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. No, sir; the facts pre-
sented in evidence from the Navy Department
recommended this case most strongly and ur-
gently to our consideration; and the testimony
of the naval constructor of the Department
also recommended it.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman from
Connecticut will allow me a word, I desire to
say that I may have done this claimant injus-
tice by a question which I asked a short time
ago. I desire now to say that I am informed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts who sits
beside me [Mr. Ames] that this contract, so
material in the case, was not signed after the
discovery that there was an error in the cal-
culations; but it was signed and sent on in
advance, a blank being left for the amount of
the bid, and the agent filled up the blank with
the amount that he bid. This fact alters the
case very much. I begpardon for having done
injustice to the case of this claimant.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. - I have stated the
facts as they were in testimony before the
committee, and I have no authority from any
gentleman from Massachusetts or any gentle-
man from any other quarter beyond the facts
as they appear.
Mr. SPALDING. I trust I have not in-
jured the case by stating that fact.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Of course you have.
On the statement of the facts I have made, it
seems to me, it is not only an equitable, but a
just claim, just in every strict sense of justice.
I heard a gentleman state yesterday this man
could not recover this in_ a court of jus-
tice. Good God, are we sitting here as a court
of justice governed by the arbitrary rules of
law ? I supposed we were the grand inquest
of the nation. I supposed we represented the
nation's magnanimity, its equitable side as
well as its just side; but if it were not so I
claim the state of facts I present here if pre-
sented in a court of equity would reform that
contract. Under these circumstances, with
the promise of the party of the first part in
case of loss and the good faith on part of the
loser, I believe any court of equity would
interpolate for reformation in the contract
and afford relief such as is here granted.
Mr BROMWELL. 1 wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is certain a mistake was
made—whether, in fact, it was not a mere
business blunder?
