1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5T
' Senate.
Admission of Nebraska—Mr. Cresivell.
39tii Cong....2d Sess,
doubled. The salaries were fixed in times of
peace and low prices. They were not raised
when war raised prices. Clerks were com-
pelled to run in debt, and, in many cases, their
families suffered" from want. They worked I
faithfully and skillfully and honestly in dis-
charging important duties for the Government.
I submit that they ought to have some reason-
able allowance for the past and an increase of i
salary in the future. [
Clerks in post offices, letter-carriers, and 1
route agents are not paid what they ought to
be paid. Honest, industrious men are required
for all these duties, and they ought to be paid
a fair and living compensation for their labor, j
Their employment is uninterrupted, except by
sickness. The letter-carriers claim peculiar
consideration. They travel every day from early
in the morning until late at night, in heat and ]
cold and rain and snow, all through the cities,
distributing letters and papers without com-
pensation enough to pay house rent. I feel
that the Government ought to pay all these
employes better, because they earn more, and
because the Government can afford to pay more.
I plead the cause of all these employes because
it is just to them that I should, and I earnestly
ask permission and means to pay them better.
The foreign postal service has grown to such
magnitude that increased care and responsi-
bility fall upon those having the direct charge
of it; and I respectfully ask that authority be
given to appoint a superintendent of foreign
mails, and an additional clerk for that branch
of the se'rvice.
I also recommend that authority be given to
appoint a superintendent of the opening and
distribution of dead letters.
The law regulating the franking privilege
ought, in my opinion, to be amended. I do
not think the privilege should be abolished.
I think it is a necessity for the different Depart-
ments, as well as for Congress. But great
abuses have grown up under it. To avoid
frauds and a misuse of the privilege, I recom-
mend such a change in the law as to require
the written signature of the person exercising
the privilege upon the matter franked; and
to relievethe heads of Departments and bureaus
of great labor, that a franking clerk be author-
ized by law for each Department of the Gov-
ernment, with the right to frank all matter per-
taining to the Department for which he is
appointed.
Respectfully submitted.
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
The President.
Admission of Nebraska.
REMARKS OF HON. J. A. J. CRESWELL,
op maryland,
In the Uxited States Senate,
January 8, 1867,
On the bill (S. No. 456) for the admission of the State
of Nebraska into the Union.
Mr. CRESWELL said:
Mr.PnEsiDKNT: I expect to vote fortheadmis-
sion of Nebraska whether the pending amend-
ment be adopted or not. I expect further to
vote for the pending amendment, although I
am satisfied that it will effect nothing. I am of
opinion that the Congress of the United States
has no authority to impose a condition in this
manner upon the people of a State about to be
admitted into the Union. I believe, however,
that Congress has a constitutional right to inter-
pose by conditions to be submitted for accept-
ance to the people of a Territory or inchoate
8tate, wherever Congress may consider tlmt
those conditions are necessary to secure to the
people of such Territory or State a republic**
form of government. I believe that the first
clause, of the fourth section of the fourth article
of the Constitution is a controlling one, and
that the United States is bound by the highest
obligation to guaranty, under all circum-
stances, to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government; and further, that
the powers reserved to the States and the people
thereof must yield to the paramount operations
of this guarantee.
Admitting, therefore, thatthe right is reserved
to the people of the States to regulate the mat-
ter of suffrage, I think it equally clear that the
people of the State have no right so to regulate
the suffrage as to exclude absolutely and per-
petually from the governing power of the State
any portion of its citizens by reason of their
race or color, or by any other arbitrary and
unequal rule of exclusion.
But as to the pending amendment, let us put
the case in this way: suppose this act shall
pass with the amendment offered by my honor-
able friend from Vermont, and notwithstanding
its passage, and the admission of the Senators
and Representatives from the State of Ne-
braska, the people of Nebraska in their Legis-
lature, should refuse to recognize the principle,
and should insist that their constitution stands
as they sent it to Congress, and that none but
white persons can vote under its provisions, I
apprehend that when the constitution should
come into the courts, the question being raised
by a person of African descent whose vote had
been refused, the courts would decide that the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont did
not control the language of the State constitu-
tion inasmuch as the people of the State had
never in any manner accepted that amendment
or acquiesced therein. The argument, brief,
though pointed, of the honorable Senator from
Maine, is conclusive to my mind on that sub-
ject. Nevertheless, the amendment is valuable
as a declaration of principle; and I confidently
expect and believe that the people of Nebraska
will voluntarily amend their constitution so as
to conform to it.
But, sir, there are other considerations in
connection with the position of thia State in its
application for admission that I desire to present
to the Senate. I am anxious to see the whole
of the western territory filled up with States.
I have none of that feeling of jealousy toward
the West which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] said yesterday exists among eastern men.
On the contrary, my heartfelt sympathy is with
the adventurous people of that section. I be-
lieve that the active element of this nation is
working there in the cause of civilization. The
brave men of the West who spend their strength
and their blood in subduing the wilderness ^nd
fighting the savage are the true champions of
progress; and so far from feeling jealous of
them I bid them God speed. If my friend from
Wisconsin will but look over the record that I
have made in the Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-
Ninth Congress, he will not, I feel assured,
charge me with any desire to impede the tri-
umphant march of the pioneer. On the con-
trary, no measures that I have sustained have
given me more pleasure, either at the time
or upon subsequent reflection, than those to
encourage the formation and to recognize the
existence ofthe new States of the great West;
and I care not how soon that section may so
far increase in population and strength as to
be able to outnumber with her representatives
all the States upon the Atlantic. I wouldappeal
to them for justice to Maryland with the same
confidence that I now appeal to the Senators
from the East, and I am sure that I should not
appeal in vain._
But the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that we cannot without Btnltify-
ing ourselves vote for the admission of Ne-
braska. He asserts that all men of whatever
color are entitled to the exercise of the right
of suffrage under the operation of equal laws.
Well, sir, though I may be charged, perhaps,
with being a somewhat recent convert to that
doctrine, I accept it in its length and its
breadth. I am willing to pledge myself to vote
for the measure now pending, to apply that
principle to all the remaining Territories, and to
require that all of them shall make it a cardi-
nal provision in their fundamental law before
being admitted as States ofthe Union.
But, sir, I believe that it would not be wise
to compel the people of Nebraska, at this late
day, to hold new elections, to call new con-
ventions, and to form a new constitution be-
fore admitting her into the Union. She has
already complied, in the terms of her consti-
tution, with every stipulation of our enabling
act, as she interpreted it. The Senator from
Massachusetts has said that in the enabling
act Congress declared that Nebraska should
conform to the principles of the Declaration
of Independence. I admit it; but I ask him
in all candor whether at the time those words
were inserted in the enabling act he contended,
or even intimated, that they imposed as a con-
dition precedent to the admission of the State
that black men should be allowed to vote.
Did the Senator give any such intimation?
Mr. SUMNER. There was no discussion.
Mr. CRESWELL. There was no discussion ;
and it is therefore fair to presume that those
words were usecfr in no unusual sense. But a
new state of affairs has arisen. My distinguished
colleague the other day said that we ought to
return to the doctrine of the fathers. I am
willing to return to that fountain of true wis-
dom; and now that we have got rid of slavery,
the bane and curse of this land for so many
years, I am eager to turn again to the records
left us by the revolutionary sages, and to con-
form my practice to those great principles of
liberty and universal justice which they asserted
and maintained.
Sir, for a vote that I gave in this body yes-
terday I have been censured in certain quar-
ters. I have been charged with violating the
accepted faith and traditions of Maryland. I
deny it. I challenge any man in Maryland or
out of Maryland to show from Maryland au-
thorities the impropriety of my vote. Mary-
land was one of the old thirteen, and her first
bill of rights and constitution were made in the
very heat and fervor of the Revolution, ay, upon
the very heel of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. The men who heard thatglorious instru-
ment read at the old State House in Phila-
delphia posted home to assemble their State
convention, and to organize their State gov-
ernment. Influenced by the same feelings and
purposes that prompted them to venture all in
the effort to assert their liberties, they pro-
claimed to the world what they believed to be
the genuine principles of republican govern-
ment. The convention met on the 14th of Au-
gust, 1776; many ofthe best men in the State
were there: Dent, Mackall, Bowie, Hammond,
Worthington, Ridgeley, Stevenson, Archer,
Tilghman, Chase, Paca, and Charles Carroll,
of Carrollton, held seats in that body. This
convention, so constituted and animated, or-
ganized a State government upon the most
enlarged views. What said they in regard to
the right of suffrage ? "The bill of rights, adopt-
ed November 3, 1776, declared in its fifth sec-
tion—
"That the right in the people to participate in the
Legislature is the best security of liberty and the
foundation of all free government. For this purpose
elections ought to be free and frequent, and every
man having propertyin a common interest with and
an attachment to the community ought to have a
right of suffrage."
Mark you, "every man;" not white men
only, but "every man;" and that God made
men of diverse colors they well knew, because
at that time the African had been held in bond-
age in Maryland for more than a century.
Men still live who have heard their fathers
say that they have seen, ander that provision
of the Bill of Rights, enforced by a subsequent
provision in the body of the Constitution, white
men vote side by side with negro'men without
a question being asked or a doubt expressed.
The nam* convention, in the body of the con-
