664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Just before the warrant was issued
Mr. Humphrey appeared here and asked if his
name was in the warrant, and was assured
that he was reported as being present. He is
in the House now, and I do not wish any impu-
tation east on him for being in " some other
good place." [Laughter.] -
The Sergeant-at-Arms. The messenger
also called at the Seaton House for Thomas
N. Stilwell and found his room vacant. He
was not to be found there. The same mes-
senger called at the Avenue House at the room
• of Sidney T. Holmes, and found that he was
absent. He also called at the rooms of 'Itha-
mar C. Sloan and of Stephen F. Wilson at
the same hotel, and they could not be found.
He also called upon Frederick A. Pike, who
informed him that he desired a message sent
to the House that he had left in consequence
of being ill; that he was absolutely too unwell
to return, and that he wished this excuse to be
presented to the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Hum-
phrey is present in his seat.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. The messenger
called at the roonl of Benjamin F. Loan, who
reported that he had remained in the House as
long as he possibly could; that he was sick in
the early part of the evening, and had gone
home and taken his bed, ana was absolutely
too sick to return to the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that Mr. Loan, in consideration of his recent
great effort made here in relation to the im-
peachment of the President, be excused.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the motion is put
I would inquire whether members are aware
of any epidemic prevailing just at this time.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. LE BLOND. I am not sure but that
trichina is afloat here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I notice that every one
seems to be unwell. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to say this in ref-
erence to Mr. Loan, that for one I am opposed
to excusing him, or excusing any other mem-
ber who is as well able to be here as the rest
of us. It is unfair, and especially so to excuse
a man who had the physical ability to move in
reference to the impeachment of the President
to the extent that he went, and have the amount
of bile that he poured forth upon us. He is
certainly physically able to be here now, and
I am opposed to his being excused. .He re-
lieved himself of that quantity of bile and
must therefore be in better health to-day.
Mr. GRINNELL. I make the point of order
that the amount of bile connected with the
gentleman from Missouri is not under consid-
eration, and that it is out of order to refer t,o
his bile.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order, as to the regularity of any motion to
excuse a member whose name is in the Speak-
er's warrant and for whose arrest an order is
out, until the warrant is regularly returned with
the body of the prisoner, and he is called upon
to make an excuse. This is a sort of pardon
in advance. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
presumes that it is competent for the House to
excuse a member. *
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the name of
Mr. Humphrey be stricken from the warrant,
as it was erroneously inserted. I understand
that he is represented as being here.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Hum-
phrey has been here all the evening.
The question was taken on Mr. Sciiexck's
motion, and it was agreed to, and Mr. Hum-
phrey's name Vas stricken from the record.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. One of my mes-
sengers has also visited the Washington House
and the room occupied by Hon. John A. Bing-
ham, [laughter,] and found him absent. He
has not been found, and search will be made
for him until he is found and presented at the
bar. I make this report, Mr. Speaker, that
members may know what progress we are mak-
ing. I have given the returns of four different
messengers.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. How
many members have been brought here?
The Sergeant-at-Arms. This is the first
return.
Mr. HILL. I understand that Mr. Bing-
ham, with certain other gentlemen, escaped
from the custody of the House to-night by
climbing through the window of the barber's
shop, and on account of the extraordinary
agility shown by a gentleman of Mr. Bing-
ham's age I move that his name be stricken
from the warrant.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire if the Ser-
geant-at-Arms has made his report altogether ?
Has he got through with it ? [Cries of " No,
no." ] I move, then, that he make another effort
to get these gentlemen into the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
has been made practically. The order of the
House is that he shall Bring them here.
Mr. ALLISON. He must execute the
Speaker's warrant.
Mr. FINCK. Then what was the use of his
making this return?
Mr. CULLOM. He reports progress so as
to satisfy the House that he is at work.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will, of course, continue his
efforts to execute the order of the House and
bring in members.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have only to remark 
■ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man can proceed only by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have only to remark
that if the bill under consideration is just, it
appears to me proper that it should pass, with-
out keeping men out of bed at so late an hour,
or so early an hour of the morning. If it is
unjust, then it should be withdrawn by its
author.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the gentleman
what the bill is.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I understand that the
bill was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell,] and that it is intended
to prescribe rules for the United States courts.
Am I right? ["Yes," "yes."] I am not so
oblivious as some gentlemen may suppose.
[Laughter.] If the bill is not just, then let it
be withdrawn. Why keep all these gentlemen
here from their slumbers in view of their ardu-
ous duties of to-morrow? I do notknowmuch
about parliamentary usage here, but I know if
a transaction of this kind was going on in the
Territory of Dakota [laughter] it would be re-
garded as extremely disgraceful. [Laughter.]
My impression is (knowing what I do of its
Governor) that it would either cease before
three o'clock in the morning or lie would boot
that august body out of the Capitol. [Laugh-
ter.] That is all I have to say.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared, and reported
that in pursuance of the warrant of the Speaker
he had arrested, and now had in custody at the
bar of the House, Mr. Hart, of New York,
and Mr. Sitgkeaves, of New Jersey.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hart,
you have been absent during the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to render for thus being absent?
Mr. HART. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
that I have any excuse that would be satisfac-
tory to the House. I left the House at a time
a vote was being taken ; the vote was running
in such a way that I got the impression that
the House would probably soon adjourn. I
thought that under the circumstances, in con-
sideration of the delicate health of the Speaker,
when it was generally known to the House that
he had had a bad sore throat for the last three
or four days, and that he was not in a condi-
tion to go through a night session, especially
such a night session as we would probably have
here, the House would not insist upon his be-
ing kept here. And I supposed every one else
in the House 'would feel as I felt.
Besides, it so happened that I had the mis-
fortune to be once before absent during this
day's session, and I was brought before the
House to give my excuse for being absent.
During the'time I was then absent I made an
engagement that was exceedingly agreeable.
[Laughter.] The engagement was of such a
character that I did not see how I could well
avoid meeting it. I felt that I was bound to
meet that engagement, because it involved
some very important considerations. [Laugh-
ter.] But I have come here to show my re-
spect to the House, although I felt that per-
haps there may have been some unjust and
unfair discrimination in my case. I was very
comfortable in my bed, [laughter,] in a first-
class public house, where I had retired with
the consciousness of having done my entire
duty as a public man, [greatlaughter;] and as
has been suggested by a gentleman near me, not
conscious of having been guilty of any offense
before the law or before the country. But I
was routed out of my bed, and brought here to
answer for some high crime or misdemeanor,
of which I am not conscious of having been
guilty. At the same time I am ready here and
elsewhere to answer for my conduct. I trust
I have not been, even unconsciously, disre-
spectful to the House, and I am ready now to
do my entire duty.
Mr. ELDRIGE. I would ask the gentleman
if he is ready now to take the test oath ?
Mr. HART. Yes, sir; or any other oath
that is reasonable.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. HART. That proposition is very lib-
eral. [Laughter. ]
The motion of Mr. Allison was agreed to.
Mr. HART. If it is in order, I move to
reconsider the vote just taken, and move to
lay that motion on the table. [Great laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
necessary.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Sit-
greaves, you have been absent from the ses-
sion of the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to render for your absence ?
Mr. SITGREAVES. I have no excuse
other than the fact that, having a previous
engagement, I left the House under the suppo-
sition that it would soon adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Almost every member
when brought to the bar has stated by way of
excuse that he had a "previous engagement."
I would like to know what is meant by these
"previous engagements."
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Sit-
greates] be released on the payment of the
usual fine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to inquire what would be the effect of
the adoption of a motion to suspend operations
under the call. Would it release from respon-
sibility those members who are still out?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not.
The absentees arrested could be brought in at
one o'clock to-morrow, under the resolution
of the House.
Mr. BEAMAN. Would not an adjournment
have the same effect?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Precisely.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Do I under-
stand that those members who are not now
arrested would not be arrested if the proposi-
tion I have suggested should be adopted?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No more
arrests could be made at present. The execu-
tion of the call would be suspended until to-
morrow at one o: clock.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move,
then, if it be in order 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me that I may offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will hear
it read.
