1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It was a mistake in
leaving out one of the elements of the calcula-
tion, in leaving out an estimate for iron or
wood out of which the ship was tobe built, the
very grossest error on the part of the agent,
discovered at once by the principal and by the
Navy Department. It would not have been
insisted upon by the Navy Department but for
the fact they wanted to hold out a lesson to the
other contractors. They are willing this relief
should be granted.
I have but one word more to say. Gentlemen
having finished their newspapers and written
their letters to their own wives and children
now make objection to a claim like this, that it
is opening the door to other claims. I think it is
an exceptional case. It depends upon the yea
or nay of certain members whether penury and
want shall sit down at the hearthstone of
James 1'etlow. I say ho is an honest, honor-
able contractor. He has done his work well.
He is suffering from no fault of his own. He
has the promise of the Government for his
relief. They advocate him here. It is for you
to say whether lie will go from here a crushed
man while the earnings of his life enter into
the Navy which has been volleying out its thun-
ders for your Hag. For one, my vote and voice
shall be" against writing bankruptcy over the
door-post of James Tetlow.
Mr. BOSS. I hope the other side will be
heard.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 will yield to a ques-
tion, but not to a speech. I think the House
understands the matter perfectly, and I call for
the previous question.
Sir. ROSS. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DELANO demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays oi), not voting
60 ; as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Amos, Aiipona, Anderson, Arncll,
Dolos It. Axliloy, Jumes M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
(luiivcr, l!a.\lul", lioamtfn, Borgon, Tiuhvcll, Bingham,
Blaiw, Bnntwi-ll, Buyer, Br.mdegoe, jironnvell,
(.'hauler, Sidney Clarke, Cooper. Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Deming, Dodge, lildridge.l'iliot, L'Vrry, I'inck,
Ulo.rthroimcr, Orinnell, (Jriswohl, Hart, Iligby, IIo-
gan, Ifolmes. Hooper, llotehkiss, Chester D. Hnb-
banl, John il. Hubbard, Kdwin N. ilnkhcll, Jfuntor,
Ingnrsoll, Jeiickes, Julian, Kus.son, Kelley, kt'Uo,
Kulohani. Kuykomlnll, Laflin. Le Blond, Longyoar,
Lynch, Marvin, McKee, Mclluer, Mcrcur, Jloor-
lioad, Morris, Myers, Nicholson, Nooll, O'Neill, t'cr-
liain, Phelps, Pike, Plants, l'omeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond. Alexander II. Rice, Rousseau, Sawyer, Spald-
inT. Starr, Miousc, Taker, Nathaniel (J. Tavlor,
Thaler. (Jpson, Van Aeruaul, Burt Vail Horn, War-
nci, \\*ii:iley, .1 :imes !■'. Wilson, Stephen 1'. Wilson,
vVindom, and Winliold—91.
X A ViS—Messrs. Baker, Benjamin, Broomall, Buck-
la,™!, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Dei roe:;, Delano, Aaron
Harding, Abncr 'Harding, Harris, Hawkins. Hill,
Jliso, Jaiaes 11. HubboU, Humphrey, ICoont/-, George
V. Lawrence, Leftwich, Maynard. Miller, Niblack,
Washburn, Wentwoith, and Williams—.'19.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Blow,'
Bandy, Campbell, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Culver, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, TCckley, Egffleston, Fanibworth, Farciuhar, Gar-
field, Goodyear, Hale, Hayes, Henderson. Asahel W.
Hubbanl, Dermis Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kerr,
Latham, William Lawrence, Loan, Marshall, Mars-
ton, McClurg, MeCullough, Mclndoe, JMori-il 1, Moul-
ton, Novell, Paine, Patterson, Price, John II. Rice,
Rogers, Selienck, Sloan. Stevens, Stilwell, Nelson
Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thorn ton, Trowbridge, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward. Hamilton Ward,
lihhuB. Washburne, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker,
Woodbridge, and Wright—60.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BRANDEGEB moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave of absence
until next Monduv.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted. •
Mr. STROUSE. I rise to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House, the gentleman cannot interrupt the
morning hour.
Mr. STBOUSE. Is it still the morning
Lour ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
last until the time for taking a recess, and
for nine minutes of the evening session.
ABOLITION OF TIIE MARINE CORPS.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made an adverse report on a
resolution in reference to abolishing the Ma-
rine corps and substituting soldiers of the
Army therefor.
The report was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DARLING, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
jResolved, That there be printed for tho use of
the House one thousand extra, copies of thoroport
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in reference to
abolishing tho Marine corps and substituting there-
for soldiers of tho Army.
RICHARD M. BOUTON AND HARRIET M. I'ISHEK.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
llesohied, That the Secretary of the Navy bo, and
is hereby, directed to furnish to this House, if not
incompatible with the public interest, a copy of the
communication addressed by Ricliaid M. Bouton
and Harriet M. Fisher to the Secretary of tho Navy
in the month of February, 1863, with tho indorse-
ment thoroon of Admiral Dahlgven, then chief of
ordnance.
EDWARD ST. CLAIR CLARKE.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, bill of the Senate No. 283, for tho
relief of Edward St. Clair Clarke.
The bill was read. It directs that in the
settlement of the accounts of Edward St. Clair
Clarke, as assistant paymaster United States
Navy, there shall be allowed him the sum of
£4,022, on account of the loss of that amount
of public funds in his hands by theft on the
night of the 0th of May, 1803, said loss being
without neglect or fault on the part of said
Clarke.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read. The committee arrive
at the conclusion from the testimony arid the
findings of a naval court of inquiry that the loss
for which the bill provides relief was the result
of most gross and culpable neglect of duty on
the part of the captain and watch officers of the
United States steamer Sumter while lying at
the Brooklyn navy-yard for repairs, and of the
robbery and desertion of the mate and quarter
master of that vessel on the 9th of Slay, 1803
They hold that the claimant was blameless in
the affair. They report further that the disci-
pline of tho service has been vindicated by the
dismissal of five of the officers of the Sumter
for neglect of duty in connection with this trans
action ; and they consider that great injustice
would be inflicted upon the claimant by hold
ing him responsible for a loss which was occa'
sioned by the crime of two petty officers.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What committee does
this bill co ne from?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What have they to do
with a claim of this kind?
The SPEAKER. It was referred to them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the bill will be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Phelps] yield for that motion
to be made?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir.
I Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs has nothing to do with claims of this
kind.
Mr. PHELPS. The bill was originally
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Senate. It passed the Senate, and was
referred by the House to its Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There are a great many
paymasters claiming relief under similar cir-
cumstances, and there ought to be some uni-
form rule upon the subject.
Mr. PHELPS. As the morning hour has
nearly expired, I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STROUSE. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me for a single moment.
Mr. PHELPS. For what purpose?
Mr. STROUSE. To-morrow is the 22d of
February, and I desire to move that the House
adjourn over.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being upon the passage of the
bill, it was put; and there were—ayes 46, noes
18 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 55, nays 25, not voting 110; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Bergen, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boyer, Brandcgee, Buckland, Bundy,
Campbell, Sidney Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Griswold, Hart,
Hayes, lfigby, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell,.Humphrey, Jenckes, Kasson.Kerr, Kuy-
kendall. Laflin, Le Blond, Leftwich, McKce, Me-
Ruor, Niblack,Noell, O'Neill, Perham, Phelps, Pike,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, AlexanderII. Rice, Rousseau, Sehenek, Spald-
ing, Strouse, Tabor, Thayer,Upson, Henry D.Wash-
burn, Welker, and Williams—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baker, Broomall,
Cobb, Finck, Abner C. Harding. Hawkins, Hill, John
11. Hubbard, Hunter, Julian, George V. Lawrence,
Lynch, Maynard, Mcrcur, Millor, Moorhead, Paine,
Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield, Hamilton Ward, William
B. Washburn, and James F.Wilson—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bar-
ker, Baxter, Beaman. Benjamin, Bidwell, Blow,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Ohanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Conkhng, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Defroes, Delano, Doming, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Henderson, liise,
Tlogan, Holmes, Ilotohkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Inger-
soll, Jones, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham.Koontz, Latham,
William Lawronee, Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Mars-
ton, Marvin, McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, Mor-
rill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson,
Orth, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, John II.
Rico, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Shellabnrsor,
n! 1   -   _ C 1   n U O u\t O L A w y-  C ^ 1 1 TTT A! 1 C f/llr OC*
Van Aornam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. A an Horn,
Andrew II. Ward, Warner, Klihu B. Washburne,
Wcntworth, Whaley, Stephen B\ Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—110.
No quorum voted.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived during the roll call, at the ter-
mination of the call, the House, pursuant to
order, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit a report from the Secretary of
State, giving information of States which have
ratified the amendment to the Constitution
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in
addition to those named in his report, which
was communicated in my message of the 10th
instant, in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 15th instant.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington', February 20, 18G7.
