1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move that the
message and accompanying report be referred
to tlie Committee on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of the
State of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions, announcing the ratification by that State
of the constitutional amendment; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
SIIIP-BI7ILDTNG INTEREST OF MAINE.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine relative to the ship-building interests
of that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the
House two thousand copies of the tariff bill, as re-
ported from the Committee of "Ways and Means.
ABANDONED PROPERTY IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed to
report to this House all information in the War
Department, and particularly such as may be in
possession ofthe Bureau of Kefugees. Freedmen.and
Abandoned Lands, relati veto property seized ortaken
possession of by the Government or its agents in the
State of Louisiana; and that there be embraced insaid
report the kind of property, whether abandoned or
confiscable, names of the reputed owners, date of
seizure, assessment value, amount of profits received
from rents or otherwise: what amount of such prop-
erty has been restored to said reputed owners, when
the same was restored, by whom and upon whoso
order; and also all the papers in the cases of Duncan
I*1. Kcnncr and J. W. Zachary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BBIDGE ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution providing for sur-
veys and estimates for a bridge across the
Potomac, in the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time. _
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length, it
directs the Secretary of the Interior to_ cause a
survey to be made by a competent engineer of
the ground and river at and near the Aqueduct
bridge, in this District, and to report upon the
practicability of constructing there a bridge
across the Potomac without obstructing the
navigation ofthe river, and the probable cost
thereof, separately estimating for a common
bridge and a bridge both for railway and com-
mon travel; also to examine and report touch-
in" like bridges at or near the Long bridge,
and whether the same can be there built so as
to avoid obstruction to navigation thereby, and
the probable cost thereof; said report to be
made at the earliest day practicable.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and ^emg
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
CLINTON BRIDGE ACROSS MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is upon the Speak-
er's table an amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House No. 965, declaring Clinton
bridge, across the Mississippi river at_ Clinton,
in the State of Iowa, a post route. It is merely
an amendment to correct a clerical error; and
I ask consent to take it from the Speakers
table for consideration at this time.
No objection was made.
The amendment was to shike out in line five,
page 2, the word "legislation" and insert the
word "litigation."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOSSES BY LOYAL INDIANS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
con sent, presented j oint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, in favor of pro--
viding for the payment of ccrtain awards for
losses sustained by loyal Choctaw and Chicka-
saw Indians; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, presentedjointresolutionsofthe Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, urging Congress
to pass the bill admitting Colorado as a State, j
the objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding; which were referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
GENERAL SETII EASTMAN.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a joint resolution, which I think the House
will see the propriety of passing at once, if it
is to be passed at all. The joint resolution
is one authorizing the employment of Brevet
Brigadier General Seth Eastman in the deco-
ration of the Capitol. I will ask that the joint
resolution be read.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that, if the President shall deem it proper to
assign Brevet Brigadier General Seth East-
man, of the United States Army, now on the
retired list, to duty so as to entitle him to the
full pay, emoluments, and allowances of his
lineal rank, it shall be competent to have such
duty consist in the employment of said officer
in the execution, under the supervision of the
architect of the Capitol, of painting after his
own design for the decoration oi the rooms of
the Committees on Indian Affairs, and the
Committees on Military Affairs of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and other parts
of the Capitol; and no additional compensa-
tion for such services is to be paid to said East-
man beyond his fall pay, emoluments, and
allowances as an officer as aforesaid.
Mr. CULLOM. I object to the introduction
of the joint resolution.
B. W. JONES.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Commit-
tee of Claims were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of R. \V.
Jones; and leave was granted the petitioner
to withdraw his papers.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
present the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Tennessee, asking Congress to
grant land to aid in the construction oi a rail-
road ; which I ask may be printed and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that copies of the same joint
resolutions have been already twice presented,
referred, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. STOKES. Then I withdraw it.
TAX BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to propound
an inquiry to the Chair. I am extremely desirous
1 that the House shall determine to sit out the
' tax bill to-night. If this should not be done, I
desire to know whether it would be m order
in the morning to move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the bill, so
that it may be considered m the House, mem-
bers offering their amendments and moving
the previous question upon them, thus bring-
ing the House to a direct vote. If we proceed
hereafter at the rate we have been going on
heretofore I fear that we shall not get through
the bill at this session.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further con-
sideration of the tax bill, and either put it on
its passage immediately or consider it in the
House, under such restrictions as the House
may see fit to impose. This could be done
under a suspension of the rales by a two-thirds
vote.
Sir. WENT WORTH. I do not propose io
make that motion to-night; but^I hope that
members will determine to sit the bill out to-
night. The tariff bill has not yet been touched
by this House; and unless that bill can be
passed as well as this at the present session, it
is scarcely worth while to pass either, as they
are connected with and dependent upon each
other.
EMPLOYES IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPExiKER, by unaninious consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with the act of August 26, 1842, a
list of clerks, messengers, &c., in that Depart-
ment, with their compensation, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
EDWARD ST. CLATR CLARKE.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Nine minutes of the morn-
ing hour remain ; and the first business in or-
der is the consideration of the bill (S. No. 283)
for the relief of Edward St. Clair Clarke, re-
ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On the arrival of the hour for the recess this
afternoon the House had voted by yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill; but that vote
showed no quorum present.
Mr. PHELPS. I move a reconsideration
of the vote ordering the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill. If the reconsideration be
agreed to, I propose to withdraw the call for
yeas and nays.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays; and I ask that the bill be again
read for the information of members who were
not present when it was last reported.
The bill was read.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to state in a few
words the facts of this case, which are very
simple. Mr. Clarke was a paymaster of the
United States on board the steamer Sumter,
which in 18G3 was undergoing repairs at the
Brooklyn navy-yard. One night a burglary
was committed by two of the petty officers or
that ship. The safe with its contents was ab-
stracted. No suspicion of any connection with
that crime has ever rested upon this paymaster
The Senate committee and the committee of
this House concur in absolving him from any
blame whatever in regard to the transaction.
The occurrence resulted from the culpable neg-
lect of the captain and the watch officers of that
steamer. The discipline of the service has been
vindicated by the dismissal of those officers ;
and there is no justice in holding this gentleman
responsible for the misconduct of parties who
have been already punished.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALBERT (JREEXLEAF.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from thefur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Albert
Greenleaf; and the same was referred to the
li Committee cf Claims.
