1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
Ho. of Reps.
Tax on Distilled Spirits—Mr. McKee.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Such teachers acknowledge their insincerity
when in the next breath they tell us that the
negro is too ignorant to vote and can never
be educated.
It is true he is ignorant. If this be his
great sin, at least let his enemies cease to burn
his school-houses and churches. Let him be
allowed to take the money that he pays for
white schools and appropriate it to the wants
of his own children; let the magnanimous race,
the race of property, the race of intellect, the
race of power and station no longer rob the
negro of the amount which he pays into the
school fund, and appropriate it exclusively to
themselves ; but let them give him the benefit
of all he pays, or else never more declaim
about taxation without representation. Pro-
tect him in his right to worship God and his
right to educate his children, and my word for
it he will put to the blush many of our own
■race who have wasted better opportunities.
Beside, the ballot itself is an educator. Let
him enjoy its elevating tendency; and when
another generation shall have succeeded to our
places, intelligent men will wonder that we of
this age could so long resist the teachings of
patriotism and Christianity.
Tax on Distilled Spirits.
SPEECH OF HON. SAMUEL McKEE,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1867.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my inten-
tion to make some remarks on a subject not at
all exciting when discussed in the manner in
which I propose; a subject of co"mmon interest
to the whole country, to those who so lately
fought against this country and those who
fought in its defense. A subject, I repeat, not
at all exciting, but the matter of which too
often excites men of all classes, and in high and
low places, improperly used, does much harm.
I refer to the ''whisky question," and my
remarks shall pertain to the law regulating the
manufacture of this article. The law framed
at the last session and now in force is one
which bears with great hardship and severity
upon a very large portion of the people of the
United States. The law was framed by those
who had the subject in charge ostensibly to
prevent fraud and secure the largest amount
of revenue to the Government from the manu-
facture of this article, which is regarded as one
of the non-essentials of the community, not
necessarily entering into the articles of daily
consumption for man. I know that there are
very many who in practice at least refute this
theory, yet I think the theory a sound one.
But in reality this law was framed for another
purpose, and that purpose neither more nor
less than putting the manufacture of spirits
into the hands of a few men of capital, and thus
enable them to monopolize the whole business
and have the whole control in their own hands.
If whisky is to be made at all, and I appre-
hend the country will not very soon come to
the rule that it shall not, why not allow all
men who desire to engage in this business a
chance to do so with whatever means they
have? Why make a distinction between this
and other branches of manufacture? Why
make a law that in its operations will compel a
man to make a great deal of whisky to enable
him to comply with the law, or not permit him
to make any at all? Of course a man who
owns a large distillery, from which he produces
through his machinery twenty-five to one hun-
dred barrels of poisonous, drugged liquor per
day can easily afford to pay five dollars per
day for an inspector to watch his machinery,
and with this monopoly crushing out all the
small makers of whisky and enabling them to
send their villainous stuffs through all the land
to supply the want of pure drinks, they can also
afford to pay the inspector not to watch their
movements.
Instead of being a law to prevent frauds on
the revenue this is really a law to encourage
fraud ; a law which sends a Government spy
into every man's establishment, who is re-
sponsible to nobody for his acts, is under no'
bond and under no penalties, whose only
interest is to get the five dollars per day from
the poor distiller for his work of two minutes,
perhaps, or get ten to twenty times this
amount from the rich one for not doing what
the law requires he #iould do. True, he can
be displaced if he proves not honest, but' is
there any reason to suppose that his successor
will not be likewise? I know that details are j
dry; but as I am certain few men in this House :
understand where, to what extent, and in what
mannSf whisky is macle half so well as a very
few know how to dispose of this article when
in hand, I propose to show the practical work-
ings of the system. I take my own district
in Kentucky, simply because it offers a fair j
example, and the same rule that applies to |
this applies equally to all districts in which
the population is sparse and the people poor
where whisky is made. These poor people, it
must be borne in mind, in all the mountain ;
portion of our country bordering on the theater {
of the late war, and even in its sweep, were i
generally the people who remained true to the
country. From a statement made to me by
the late collector of my district, at my request,
I present the following facts:
Up to the date when the present law went
into effect—that is, from the 1st of May to the
1st of September, 1866—there had been made
by distillers of the district application for license
to the number of one hundred and nine. These
distillers had applied under the belief that the
license tax would be the same to them, as dis-
tillers under three hundred barrrels, that it was
in 1865, namely, twenty-five dollars. Not one
of them had the means or facilities to make
more than forty gallons of spirits per week.
The general average was from fifteen to twenty-
five gallons per week. This embraces only
thirteen out of the sixteen counties in the dis-
trict, leaving out three of the largest and most
populous, from which latter the returns are not
all in. This number is not the total number
of small distillers in the district, for this rea-
son : the great majority do not commence op-
erations until the months of September, Octo-
ber, and November, consequently do not make
application for license until they are ready to
commence. The number of these others by
whom application for license had not been
made, for the reasons stated and because of
finding out the onerous workings of the law in
time to prevent being entrapped, is estimated
from the reports of previous years to be one
hundred and ninety-one, making the total num-
ber of small distillers in the district about
three hundred. These meu each about Aver-
age making twenty gallpns of pure whisky per
week, aggregating four hundred and eighty gal-
lons during the stilling season of six months,
many not working more than two to three
months. Total whisky produced in the dis-
trict by the three hundred distillers one hun-
dred and forty-four thousand gallons. Assum-
ing that the average product is estimated too
high by one half, which is perhaps true, these
three hundred small distillers produced sev-
enty-two thousand gallons, which brought
an annual revenue to the Government of
$144,000. The reason for stating that the
product of four hundred and eighty gallons
each is too high is, that these men frequently
run no more than two or three months or
dispose of their stills, and under the action of
the old law could transfer their licenses, and
the transfer in a few instances above had been
counted as an issual of new license. _
Oat of these three hundred distillers who
bave heretofore pursued the business, as yet
kut two have prepared to run under the new
law; the great majority of the others declar-
ing their inability to comply with the new law,
for the following reasons:
1. They are required to build bonded ware-
houses of their own, although general bonded
houses are convenient, for the protection of
Government, thus involving an expense to each
of several hundred dollars in the erection of
the building.
2. The necessity of employing an inspector
at the rate of five dollars per day, and forbid-
ding them to run without his presence. En-
tailing an expense in paying wages greatly
disproportionate to the value of his services
and the value of such like services of any kind ,
according to the rates of labor-wages in this
country.
3. The necessity of running their high wines
or doublings immediately into the receiving
cistern under the lock and seal of the inspector,
by a series of tubing unapproachable to them,
thus compelling them to purchase expensive
scientific instruments for the purpose of test-
ing the proof of their spirits and separating the
high wines or doublings from the low wines or
backings.
4. Being compelled to erect in a suitable
room in the distillery, which is not to be
entered by the proprietor, except in company
with the inspector, as it is under his lock and
seal, two or more receiving cisterns for the
spirits, from which it is to be taken every third
day and placed in proper packages in the
bonded warehouse, thus further entailing un-
necessary trouble, vexation, and expense.
To show the trouble and expense to which
these small distillers are put, all of which is
a part of the plan for crushing them out, I sub-
join a circular from the revenue department:
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal, Rf.vknue, a
washington', October 11,1866-
Information has been received at this office that
officers of internal revenue in various parts of the
country are permitting distillers to continue under
the new law the old practice of separating the low
and high wines by allowing them to run into sepa-
rate open tubs placed near the outlet of tho still or
worm. It is understood that the almost universal
custom in grain distilleries has been to place near
the outlet of the worm two open tubs, into one of
which tho high wines aro conveyed, and into tho
other the low wines—the former connected by pipes
with the high-wine cistern, and the latter with the
still or doubler.
This arrangement is not consistent with the terms
of the act of July 13,1866. Section thirty-four(para-
graph one hundred and twenty-five) of that act pro-
vides that nil the spirits distilled during each day,
of twenty-four hours, shall be conveyed on that day
into one of the receiving cisterns prepared for that
purpose, and that such cistern shall be connectcd with
the outlet of thostill by suitable pipes or other appa-
ratus, so constructed as always to be exposed to tho
view of the inspector.
This language clearly prohibits the useof open tubs
for separating low, and high wines. The outlet of
the still or worm must be connected with the cistern
by pipes or other apparatus exposed to the view of
the inspector. Open tnbs are not "pipes or other
apparatus" contemplated by law. The intention of
the law, as is well known, is to cutoff the opportuni-
ties for tho commission of fraud heretofore existing.
To this end the design was to keep the spirits, as it
were, under closeguard continuously, from the worm
to tho bonded warehouse, by the use of a pipe con-
necting the worm with tho cistern, by having the
cistern in a safe room under the lock and seal of the
inspector, and by having th&spirits, under the imme-
diate inspection of that officer, drawn off into casks
or packages, which, after being duly gauged, proved,
and marked, he is to see removed into the bonded
warehouse, which, again, is under his lock and key.
Now, to permit the spirits to be run from theworm
into open tubs, for the ostensible purpose of sepa-
rating the low from the high wines, would be to frus-
trato the grand obj ect of the law, and render all other
safeguards provided by the law wholly nugatory.
Consequently distillers must in all cases be re-
quired to connectthestill orwormwith the reeeivinf
cistern by pipes or other apparatus, which must be
so constructed as to convey the spirits directly to the
cistern.
As it is necessary for the interest of the distiller to
prevent the low wines from running into the high-
wine cistern, and as the use of the open tubs for this
purpose cannot be allowed, it becomes necessary to
adopt some arrangement by which this can be done.
It is deemed entirely feasible to separate the low
from the high wines by the use of a glass vessel which
shall be connected with and made a part of the pipes
or apparatus connecting the outlet of the still with
tho receiving cistern. The precise form of this appa-
ratus for separating the low and high wines is not
