60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Tax on Distilled Spirits—Mr. McKee.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
now prescribed, but distillers mast be immediately
notified thatsome sucharrangementmnst be adopted
and put in use by thel5t.h day of November next.
Any distillery which, after that date, shall be found
without such apparatus must be closed up and pro-
ceeded against according to law.
THOMAS HARLAND,
Acting Commitnoner.
In order more fully to understand the ob-
jections to the law urged in this objection an
explanation of the working of these small cop-
per stills is needed.
The grain is first prepared by being ground
up into meal or mash ; this with a small amount
of barley, wetted up, is allowed to ferment,
when it is placed into the still and allowed to
run through the windings of its worm, and
finally into a small tub or half barrel at the
mouth or the outlet of the worm. This tub is
called the "singling tub," and the spirits run
into it '' singlings." This is only half-made
spirits or whisky; its proof only being twenty
or twenty-five per cent., (proof whisky is spir-
its which will show fifty per cent, of alcohol
at sixty degrees'temperature, Fahrenheit's ther-
mometer.) The contents of the singling tub,
after the spirits or, more properly, liquid has
ceased to run, are poured back into the still.
The singling tub is placed aside and the doub-
ling tub put to the outlet of the worm ; and
when the spirits begin to run they are received
into the doubling tub and the result is whisky.
Doublings is only a technical distillers' phrase
for whisky. In the language of the depart-
ment,doublings'are high wines and singlings
low wines. Where the hardships of the new
law falls particularly heavy is here. After the
doublings have run until the experienced dis-
tiller judges from the quantity run that proof
is about exhausted he takes out the bung of
the doubling tub, inserts his proof vial, and
judges that proof has ceased when a bead no
longer forms. As soon as this period arrives,
he removes his doubling tub, containing proof
whisky, and places his singling tub at the mouth
of the still again. What run now are called
"backings." If he were to permit this to run
into his doubling tub it would spoil his whisky
completely, ruin the taste and reduce its proof
until it would not be decent grog, (old drinkers,
I believe, do not indulge in grog, but take whisky
straight.) But these backings are too valuable
to be lost, and are placed back into the still,
run through again, and come out doublings or
proof whisky. The use of the proof vial is never
dispensed with, but is in constant use while
the operation of doitbling is being carried on,
whether produced from singlings or backings,
According to the new law as explained by a cir-
cular (special, No. 46) from the revenue office,
this manner of having the spirits run into two
movable tubs, or ."open tubs," as it calls them,
is strictly prohibited. The distiller is not
allowed to have access to the spirits at all, but
they must be run into sealed and locked cis-
terns and the proof determined by some scien-
tific instrument, which would necesswily entail
heavy expense, and the high wines (doubling?)
thus separated from the low wines, (singlings
and backings.) These instruments, which
■will, of course, be new inventions, and like all
new inventions, not perfect, may get out of
order or may not be adapted to the small cop-
per distilleries of the rural districts, and if so,
on failure to perform their labor, the spirits
would be ruined, entailing a heavy loss on the
poor of the mountain parts of our land.
But I come back to this inspector, who has
nothing at stake and everything to gain by
defrauding the distiller in the reports of his
spirits—not being under bond, while the dis-
tiller himself is under heavy penalties ; heavy
fines and penalties awaiting every slight in-
fraction of the. law, whether by negligence,
ignorance, or intention, with a moiety to the
informer—this inspector is nothing less or more
than a spy paid by his victim, with great in-
ducements in the shape of reward in moiety of
fine for discovering dereliction on the part of
the distiller: even if in some instances under
the natural frailty of human nature he is com;
pelled to add imagination to real violations of
law to convict his unfortunate employer.
6. Under the law he is not only compelled
to pay his inspector five dollars for his services,
but in addition he is further compelled to pay
him one mill per gallon for every gallon of
spirits inspected, thus paying twice for the same
services; or, in other words, he is by law com-
pelled to pay for services for which he ha3
already employed and paid the laborer. The
amount is very small, bi^ the principle is none
the less worthy of attention.
The great majority of the distillers in the rural
districts are honest and good men, and believe
their business proper, whether so or not Al-
though the product of distillers of spirits proves
a curse in the land, immensely overbalancing
the good derived from whisky in any man-
ner ; yet the results are infinitely more appall-
ing from the consumption of the products of
the large distilleries than that of small ones.
The spirits manufactured are perfectly free
from foreign or deleterious substances, and if
whisky and apple brandy are to be manufac-
tured at all under the eye of Government offi-
cials it seems as if a peculiar protection should
be thrown around those who manufacture pure
spirits, which if not harmless, (and they are not
necessarily so,) are at least less harmful than
the drugged and poisonous production of the
great steam distillery which pours its hundred
barrels of noxious spirits out per day.
I know the large manufacturers are making
strenuous efforts to have the tax increased.
This is not necessary; and while it would en-
able the great establishments to still further
grasp this whole business, enable them to com-
mit still greater frauds—for I venture the asser-
tion that in almost every large city an establish-
ment can be found that has committed more
fraud since this law went into effect than it
would have been possible for all the small dis-
tilleries in any whole State in the Union to
have committed in the same period of time—
the decrease of tax, without removing this
inspection, and relieving them from building
their bonded warehouses, which are wholly use-
less and add unnecessary expense, when they
are located for the storage of the article all
over the country and by authority of the Gov-
ernment will not afford relief. Tha distillers
through the country have become accustomed
to paying the tax; it enables them simply to
add this much to their price for the whisky.
They cannot sell until this tax is paid, and
they do not seek, after they once know the
law, to evade it save in a very few instances.
When the law first went into force they did
not see how they could get on without selling
their whisky first; but now they can under-
stand this very well. It enables them to com-
pel men to pay-for whisky before it is con-
sumed; to sell for cash and not on credit.
But they cannot build_ these bonded houses
and they cannot pay this inspector.
In cities there may be much illicit stilling
in a small way, but the amount is greatly in-
creased by this law. Relieve them of the bur-
dens of inspection, &c., and they can and will
pay the tax. If men are so dishonest in your
large cities that you need to prevent all men
from engaging in a business recognized as legit-
imate, except such as have immense capital—
and I have yet to learn that large wealth of itself
makes men honest—throw around your cities
such guards as you choose ; but let us place the
poor honest countryman, who has not learned
to deceive, in a position where he can live on
what he has, be it ever so small, and follow
his occupation, while this occupation is al-
lowed at all, without being ground to death
either by Government taxes, paid not to the
Government, and from which the Government
gets no reward, but into the pockets of greedy
individuals, or by having his enterprise crushed
entirely out by men who can command capital
in abundance. I urge, as a matter of justice to
the poor men of the land, a modification of this
law. Let all those who make less than twenty
barrels per annum be relieved from the pro-
vision requiring inspection and bonded ware-
! houses. Let the law be to this class as it was
before the act of the last session of 18G6, since
not only no harm can come of it, but great
good. The revenue will be increased largely
from this source. Frauds will diminish ; and,
as whisky will be drank, men can get an article
which is pure and fit for man to drink—that is,
if any at all is fit.
For myself, if all men were like me little
whisky would be required. Coffee-houses, sa-
loons, and bars would close, not by law, but
, because no man went into or near them. Dis-
! tillteries would also cease to iAake spirits to
' drink, because no man would drink their prod-
ucts. But all men are not so ; and as they
will drink whisky, let us not by oppressive laws
so hamper its manufacture that only those who
know, or have the means to enable them to
learn, how by poisonous matter to so adul-
terate and increase its quantity from substances
which do not enter into its legitimate make
can produce this article. Put the law back as
to these small distillers as it was in 1865 and
you will get more money for taxes, be less
annoyed by frauds, and save a vast amount of
vexation not only to the revenue officer, but
also to the manufacturers of pure liquors. I
know very well that the revenue commissioners
and some others have been waging a relentless
war against small distillers. I remember the
effort to put the tax up to $1,000, so that only
men of great wealth could make whisky. But
this or any other similar project is a war against
the poor. As well say a man shall not make
" wooden pails" unless he makes to the amount
of $1,000 per month. Then again, I have heard
this talk about the English system, where the
Government itself makes or controls the manu-
facture of all the spirits or owns the distilleries.
Let us in this country have none of this
English system, where the poor are ground to
the very dust by the wealthy lords of the land ;
where men of capital have absolute control
over all enterprise. Let us by wise and benefi-
cent laws give the poor an equal chance with
the rich to engage in whatever business the
laws of the country allow to be carried on.
The theory of our Government is that no class
shall be privileged. Let us put it in practice.
Let the tax on the product remain as it is ; but
let the law be so modified as to bear 'equally
upon all. I trust that this House will see the
propriety of this modification of doing justice
to tne poor, whom it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to care for and protect.
One word further as to how this law affects
the revenue. By tills burdensome law now in
existence the product of whisky in my own
district alone is decreased from seventy-five
thousand to one hundred and fifty thousand
gallons per annum; and the loss to the rev-
enue of the country is certainly $150,000, per-
haps as much as $300,000; and my own is
but little more than an average for my State.
So that th&rflecrease to the revenue alone from
that State is not less than $1,350,000, and
most likely to the extent of $2,600,000. Has
the Government gained anything by crushing
out these small distillers ? Absolutely nothing.
Other grain-growing and sjjarsely settled States,
like my own, are affected in the same manner.
The revenue commissioners are appalled at the
.apparent enormous decrease in the production
of whisky. The decrease is only an apparent
one, not real. So modify the law that the hon-
est, poor man can engage in the manufacture,
and let his reports be added to the reports of the
honest man of wealth, and the increase of rev-
enue will be as great from this source as has been
the apparent decrease in the product of whisky.
The revenue commissioners will not be ap-
palled, except that frauds will be only one
where now a hundred.
