1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
adverse reports.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported adversely upon the following,
which were laid upon the table : memorial of
Norman Wiard ; memorial of Robert L. May;
joint resolution (H. R. No. 177) for the relief
of Benjamin Moore Dove.
new site for naval academy.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the House I submit
the following joint resolution:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and ho is hereby,
authorized and directccl to appoint a board of not
less than throe competent officers, whose duty itshall
be to examino into all the facts connected with the
location of the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Mary-
land, with a view to the expediency of removing
the same to a locality more advantageous to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and also to make
careful examination and survey of the harbor of
New London, Connecticut, and of Newport, 'Rhode
Island, with a view to the advantages presented by
each for the location of said Naval Academy, and to
report all the facts to tho Fortieth Congress, together
with such recommendation in tho premises as they
shall deem will best promote tho public interest.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order in this way to
authorize a report to be made to tho Fortieth
Congress?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Retaining my right to
the floor, I now yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, the author of the original resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following sub-
stitute :
lii'iolved. That tho Spoaker of this House be au-
thorized and directed to appoint a committee, con-
sisting of three members, whoso duty it shall bo to
make careful examination at Neiv London, Connecti-
cut, :md Newport, Rhode Island, with a viow to the
advantages mesented by each of said sites for tho
permanent location of tho United States Naval
Academy, and with a view to the removal of that
institution from Annapolis. That the said commit-
tee havo power to send for persons and papers, and to
call upon the Secretary of tho Navy for tho detail of
any one or more otlicers of tho Navy to assist in tho
investigation, and for such information as tho files
of his Department may afford; and that tho said
coramitteo report all tho facts, with their conclusions,
to the House of .Representatives of tho Fortieth
Congress, together with such recommendations in tho
promises as may best subserve tho public interests.
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope the commission
will bo instructed to examine some point upon
our western lakes.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do not yield to the
gentleman. There is no wool ill this question.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make an explanation of the amendment I offer.
In the first place I have followed tho resolu-
tion reported by tho Committee on Naval Affairs
in indicating only two points. My impression
is other points ought to be named, or there
should be some general provision that thoy may
examine any sites at the discretion of the com-
tnitlee. Probably some general language of
that kind would bo better unless it is thought
advisable to name certain other points. Wis-
casset in Maine has been mentioned as a place
that ought to be examined. Some point on the
North river, or the Hudson river, is suggested.
Nevcrsink in New Jersey also has been named.
Other places may be indicated. There is no
difficulty in my agreeing to any suggestion of
that kind which is to give greater breadth to
the inquiry.
Now, as to the form of the resolution as a
substitute for that presented by tho Committee
011 Naval Affairs. They propose the Secretary
of the Navy shall appoint three naval officers
to examine the facts about Annapolis and these
other points indicated, and report. What will
that report be? Tho Navy Department is well
understood to bo in favor of keeping this insti-
tution at Annapolis, and if any commission
consisting of three officers of the Navy be
selected by the Secretary of the Navy and
charged with this duty, it will be simply to make
a report which will whitewash Annapolis. I
object to any such inquiry if that is to be the
scope of it, and these are to be the instrument-
alities alone by which the inquiry is to be
made. I think that the examination would be
better made by a committee of Congress or a
commission of citizens.
The SPEAKER. The morning, hour has
expired ; and the joint resolution goes over
till Tuesday morning next.
redemption of seven-thirties.
Mr. DAYIS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committe of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue United States notes not
bearing interest, and not exceeding $500,000,000 in
amount, to redeem the seven-thirty notes as they
beeomo duo; and that the committee be authorized
to report at any time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
committee on enrolled bills.
The SPEAKER stated that in consequence
of the absence to-night of all the members of
the Committee on Enrolled Bills he would
ask unanimous consent to appoint temporarily
on that committee Mr. Welker, as there were
a number of bills to be examined.
No objection being made, tho appointment
was accordingly made.
tax bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The IIouso accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in tho chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 11G1, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. When
when wo left off, tho Clerk had commenccd
reading section ton, I believe.
Mr. MILLER. I believe not. Amendments
were in order to the preceding paragraph in
relation to stamp duties. I move to amend
that paragraph by adding the following :
And also all single bills, duo bills, promissory notes,
and receipts, where tho sum is under $100, shall bo
exompt from stamp duty.
I will state that notes on demand for a less
amount than $100 require no stamp, and I
wish to put receipts on the same footing. I
will add that it is a great inconvenience to be
obliged to put stamps on these receipts, and I
hope the amendment will not be objected to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. In the first place,
receipts ■ have already been stricken out by a
vole which the record shows was adopted last
evening, though nobody knew it. Another
objection is that if receipts for $100 and less
do not require a stamp, a man can pay a
$1,000 in ten payments of $100 each. Wo
might as well strike out the whole.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Pro. 10. And be it further enacted, That the act
amendatory to the act entitled "An act to provido
internal revenue to support tho Government, to pay
interest oil the public debt, andfor other purposes,"
approved June 30,1864, approved July 13, I860, bo
amended as follows, namely :
■ Mr. HAWKINS. I move the following
amendment:
At tho end of lino six insert:
That section one be amended by adding thereto
the following: Provided, That thero shall be exempt
from tax, in the hands of actual producers of cotton
in the United States, five bales of cotton; and it shall
be the duty of the revenue assessor of the district
where such cotton is produced, to designate the same
by appropriate marks and brands, and to give the
producer a permit to remove the same, stating in
the permit tho marks-and brands.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. In the first place, I
do not exactly understand what section that
applies to.
The Clekk. At the end of line six, section
one.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What
tax bill ? Section ten of this bill amends the
act of the 30th of June, 1864.
Mr. HAWKINS. Itreads, "theaetamend-
atory thereto."
Mr. flOOPER, of Massachusetts. This is
simply in the act of 1866, not 1864.
Mr. HAWKINS. It speaks of the act
amendatory to the act of 1864. The object I
have in introducing this amendment is simply
to call the attention of the House to a few
facts connected with the production of cotton
at this time. Prior to the war we had almost
a monopoly in the production of this article in
this country; but now, instead of four million
bales of cotton per annum, the country has pro-
duced during the past year a very little over
one million and a half. The question is whether
it is good policy on the part of this Government
to impose such a tax on that article at a time
when Great Britain has been making such a
prodigious struggle to supply her own and other
countries with the article and to impede the
growth of the cultivation of it in this country.
Now, I am aware of the fact that it was not for
the purpose of inflicting any wrong or injury
upon the cotton interest that the present tax
was imposed, but it was with the hope of real-
izing a revenue to the Government.
May I venture to call the attention of the
House to a very important fact in connection
with this subject. We have dependent upon
this single, solitary production of the earth
nearly four million people, perhaps now the
poorest on the face of the earth, and who
must depend to a very great extent, if not
almost entirely, upon the growth of this article
for their support in the future. When I say
this, I refer to the colored population of the
South, to say nothing of the impoverished con-
dition of thousands and hundreds of thousands
of white people who produce a small quantity
of cotton. I have lived all my life in a district
which produces this article to a limited extent,
and I profess to know something in regard to
the profits derived from its production, and I
say here without fear of successful contradic-
tion that there is not a crop raised anywhere in
the United States that does not yield as much
profit as a crop of cotton. I have lived in the
midst of it all my life, and I never yet saw the
day when I could have heen induced to engage
in the production of this article. I say to the
House that if this tax is continued, the produc-
tion of this article will be actually suppressed,
and you will find that instead of enhancing the
revenue of the Government you will actually
diminish it.
[Here the hammer fell.] '
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose tho amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee. As I understand it, it simply pro-
poses to take off the tax of three cents a pound
on cotton which was imposed at the last session
after a great deal of discussion. If this tax is
to be taken off on the production of five bales,
it should be taken off entirely, because a great
amount of the cotton is produced on planta-
tions where but a small quantity is raised. I
was opposed at the last session of Congress to
the tax upon cotton, but the House by a very
decided vote imposed it, and it is simply a
question now whether we shall take off the tax
of three cents a pound on cotton, which I think
we cannot afford to do at this time.
The question was taken on Mr. Hawkins's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. DARLIN G. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Amend section seventy-nine, paragraph sixteen,
by inserting after the words " one hundred dollars"
the following:
For distillers whose annual product is than one
hundred barrels; and the sum of $500 for distillers
whose annual product cxcecds one hundred barrels
and is less than five hundred barrels; and tho sum
of SI,000 for distillers whose annual product exceeds
five hundred barrels; said license tax to be assessed
quarterly, and to foe effective only for three months.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I think that amendment
is not germane to this section.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair is of the
opinion that the point of order is well taken.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike outlines ten, eleven, and twelve, which
are as follows:
By adding to the paragraph relating to "iron
bridges and casting for iron bridges" the words
" thimble-skeins and pipe-boxes made of iron."
