1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
I offer that amendment by the instruction of
the committee. We propose to put those arti-
cles on the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, for information, to what
law does this amendment refer? In the law of
1864 I find no section number ten that refers to
any such subject as this; neither do I find any
such section in the act of 1866.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What sub-
ject?
Mr. DAVIS. The subject of distilled spirits.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of order.
We cannot hear anything that the honorable
gentleman is saying. If the honorable gentle-
man from New York and the-honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts desire to hold a private
conversation, they ought to retire to the cloak-
room. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I am only seeking informa-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not
in order, as there is no question before the
committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I rose for the purpose of get-
ting some information in regard to the subject
now before the committee.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I refer
the gentleman to page 49, on which he will
find inserted on the free list, "iron bridges
and castings for iron bridges," in the ninety-
first section, which is the tenth section of the
law of July 13, 1866, amending the law of June
30, 1864.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question
before the committee.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to amend section eleven, in lines one and two,
by striking out the words "from and after the
passage of this act" and inserting in lieu thereof
" on and after the 1st of March, 1867 so that
it will read:
Sfc. 11. And be it further enacted, That on and after
the 1st of March, 1867, the articles and products here-
inafter enumerated shall be exempt from internal
tax, namely.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Do you not mean the
1st of April ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No ; the
1st of March. The object is to have the bill go
into operation on the first of the month, so as
not to divide a month; the returns being made
for the even month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move further to amend
that clause by inserting after "1867" the words
"in addition to the articles now exempt by
law.''
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I see no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
No farther amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Alcoholic and otherial vegetable extracts used
solely for medicinal purposes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts I am
instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to move to amend this clause by insert-
in «■ after the word "extracts" the words
••when solid and." Whisky, which is a vege-
table extract, is a fluid; and the committee
propose to limit the operation of this provision
to solid extracts.
The amendment vras agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to insert after the clause
just read "carbolic acids, and carbolate of
lime used solely for disinfectants."
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope the Committee
of the Whole will not indulge in amendments,
but stick to the bill as reported. We will never
ijet through the bill if we keep making amend-
ments to it all the time. Arid besides I con-
sider this an improper amendment. lhe
Committee of Ways and Means endeavored to
exempt everything they possibly could to relieve
manufactures and encourage the industry ot
the country. We do not think there is room
for any more exemption and do justice to the
needs of the Government. It is exceedingly
important that this bill should pass, and I
hope the committee will sit to-night until the
bill is passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I only
hope my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Mookhead] has not already consumed too
much time. [Laughter.] In regard to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] I will say the articles embraced
in it yield very little revenue, and I think there
can be no sort of objection to introducing
them into the free list.
The amendment of Mr. Pike was agreed to.
Mr. DEMING. I had prepared an amend-
ment to section one hundred and five of the
original law, which I wanted to have inserted
in this bill just after the provision relating to
section ninety. I did not offer the amendment
at the proper time because I was informed,
and incorrectly as I now understand, that that
provision had been transferred to another por-
tion of the bill; I now ask permission to return
to that portion of the bill for the purpose of
offering the amendment I have prepared.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object to going back ;
I want to go ®n.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Bale rope, seines, twine, and lines of all kinds.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this clause by inserting after the
word '' seines'' the words '' and netting for
seines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I' move to insert after the
clause just read "cords, tassels, braids, fringes,
gimps, laces, ladies' dress trimmings, and rib-
bons."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the clause of the bill last read
"brush blocks."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Canned and preserved fruits, not including shell-
fish;
Carpet-bag and caba frames.
Mr. DODG-E. I move to insert in the clause
relating to canned and preserved meats, after
the word "preserved," the words "vegetables
and fruits."
Mr. MOORHEAD. As the clause relating
to carpet-bags and caba frames has now been
read, I object to going back. - _
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move to insert
after the last clause read "canned and pre-
served vegetables and fruits."
Mr. PAINE. I do not know but what 1
shall vote for this amendment; but I would
like the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dodge] to assure me that it is not a plan of
his to evade the duty on brandy by attempting
to import it in the form of brandy peaches.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Casks, barrels, tanks, and kitts made of wood, in-
cluding cooperage of all kinds, and packing-boxes,
and match-boxes, whether made of wood or othei
materials, and on match-boxes heretofore made on
which a tax has not been paid.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this clause by inserting after the
words "cooperage of all kinds" the words
'' bungs and plugs.'' [Laughter. ]
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman means
barrel bungs and plugs, I suppose?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, i es, sir.
And I will state that, although gentlemen laugh,
it is a very important interest. _
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would inquire of the
actin0' chairman of the Committee of \vays
and Means, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
TMr Hooper,] if he moves these amendments
on his own motion or by direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. By direc-
tion of the committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. All I have to say is
that I have attended the meetings of the com-
mittee pretty regularly, and I never heard of
them before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to farther amend the clause by inserting after
the words " packing boxes" the words "nest
boxes.? ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Not " nesteggs ?"
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words "made of wood or" the
word "any;" so that it will read "made of
wood or any other materials."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose that amendment; I do not think it
necessary.
Mr. DODGE. Very well; I withdraw it._
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out this entire
claim as amended. I do not see why these
articles should be exempted from taxation any
more than many other articles which are taxed.
It only produces complication in the law, and
I think it better be stricken out.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. McKEE. I move to amend the clause
by inserting after the word " casks" the word
" churns." That is a very important article in
our country.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move still
further to amend this clause by inserting after
the words "packing boxes" the words "cigar
boxes." I presume they are probably included
in the term "packing boxes ;" but to remove
all doubt I suggest that the words "cigar
boxes" should be inserted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Taylor] will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend by
inserting after the words "packing boxes"
the words " cheese boxes."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting after the words "made of wood
or other materials'' the words "wooden hames,
plow-beams, split-bottomed chairs, and turned
materials for the same unmanufactured, and
saddle-trees made of wood."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend by insert-
in^ after the word "barrels" the word "bas-
kets " Baskets are largely used by farmers.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if he means wooden baskets?
Mr. BERGEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. Then the amendment
should be modified.
Mr. BERGEN. I modify it so as to read
" wooden baskets." ,
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows;
Castings of iron, copper, or brass used for ma-
chinery, cars, or scales, and castings used for any
other article upon which a tax is assessed and paid
on the article of which the casting is a part.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this clausc, so that it shall read as
follows :
CisHnss of iron, copper, or brass made for ma-
chinery cars, or scales, and castings made to fj'i p 3
part of any article upon which in the finished state
a tax is assessed and paid.
This is merely a change of the phraseology
to render the meaning of the clause more clear.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I nse to oppose the
amendment. This clause .was considered m
the Committee of Ways and Means when the
chairman of the c°mmlttf ,[^l;^™Ssi0n it
wrr-cAnt ind after a great deal ot discussion it
was aoreed upon and directed to be reported in
the language used in the bill. I am opposed to
