1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Dawes, Deming, Denison, Dumont, Garfield. Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Henderson, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James 11. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McCullough, McKee, McRuer, Miller, Moor-
head, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Robert Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Hamilton ,Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, James
I?. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—S9.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a privileged
question, and move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
privilege, which takes precedence of a privi-
leged question. There are certain members
here who, by the rule, are not entitled to vote,
because the fees due by them as delinquents
have not been paid. I know that the Speaker
has said there is a presumption, unless it ap-
pears to the contrary, that the fees are paid.
The rule is distinct that the fees must first be
paid before the member can vote. I will say,
for instance, I have information from the Ser-
geant-at-Arms that Mr. Farnsworth has not
paid his fees ; and I move, as a test question,
liis name be stricken from the roll.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman can-
not prove I have not paid them.
• The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the execution of the order of the
House takes precedence of all other business
except a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the Chair to look
at the top of page 37 of the Manual.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn over is pending and must be first
disposed of.
Mr. FINCK. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All we want is one hour
for debate after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Ser-
feant-at-Arms reports he has Mr. Wakd, of
Kentucky, at the bar.
Mr. FINCK. He was excused from attend-
ance on account of sickness.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only on the
firMr.aTRIMBLE. On both.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
the record at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. Ward, of Kentucky, you have been ab-
sent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I have been
confined to my room for two days past, and
only looked into the House for a few minutes
last night and found the House was in the
highest filibustering mood. I retired on the
assurance I had been excused from further
attendance.
Mr. FINCK. I move the gentleman be dis-
charged.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make a point of order:
the gentleman cannot address the Chair, be-
cause I have inquired of the Sergeant-at-Arms
and learned there has been no adjustment of
fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That cannot
be received while the House is in the execution
of its own order. The Sergeant-at-Arms has
another absentee at the bar.
Mr. Bromwell, you have been absent from
the House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. BROMWELL. I stayed here as long
as I was able, suffering, as I am and have been,
from an injury. I left at half past five and went
to my lodgings, thinking the House would soon
adjourn, When informed the House was still in
session I returned and remained till the last
car, when I went home, satisfied if I did not do
bo the injury might become permanent.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make this point: until a
member pays his fees he cannot address the
House or make a motion. Such is the lan-
guage of the rule. I go further and say the
member is presumed not to have paid it till
the, contrary is shown.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have paid my fees.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. It may be useful as a
record hereafter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 63, not voting
77 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer,
Campbell, Conkling, Cooper, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear. Hawkins. Hogan, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter. Ingersoll,
Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykenda-U, Laflin, Le
Blond, Marston, McRuer, Miller, Morrill Myers,
Niblack, Nicholson, Nocll, Patterson, Samuel J,
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spald-
ing, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Trimble, An-
drew H. Ward, and Whaley—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bidwell, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cook,Cullom.Defrees, Delano, Driggs,
Egg! es ton, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Jenckes. Kelso, Koontz, Long-
year, Lynch, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mereur, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perhaia,
Plants. Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Sbella-
bargcr. Starr, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Henry D. Washburn,'Welker, and Wil-
liams—63.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Ames. Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Denison, Dumont, Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrenee,
Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Cullough. McKee, Moorhead, Phelps, Pike, Pome-
roy, Radford, Raymond, John H. Rice, Ross, Rous-
seau, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Elihu B, Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
W right—77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FINCK. I now move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday
next.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is not that in the nature
of business, and can it take precedence of the
appeal upon the question of privilege that I
took?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
not aware that any appeal is pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have certainly attempt-
ed to appeal and was recognized once, but
somehow the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoll] got an opportunity to move to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Finck] is in
order.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] certainly took an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Speaker decided that
my question could not be entertained pending
the motion to adjourn to a day certain. From
that I took an appeal, but about that time the
motion to adjourn to a day certain was with-
drawn, and then the gentleman from Illinois
moved that the House adjourn. My question
was, that the gentlemen who had not paid their
fines were not entitled to make motions or to
vote. I believe that motion is in order now,
and I make it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ The motion
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Friday next takes precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend by in-
serting Thursday instead of Friday, and on that
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. McINDOE. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. McIndoe and Le Blond.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six, noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken; it was decided in
the negative—yeas 18, nays 68, not voting 105 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bidwell, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Humphrey, Kerr, Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel
J. Randall, Ritter, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
and Taber—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall. Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom. Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Finck,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Chester
D. Hubbard,"Demas Hubbard, John.H. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin,
Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mercur. Mil-
ler, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pernam, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabareer, Starr, Stokes, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Upson, van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Henry D. W ashburn.W elker, andWilliams—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ar-
nell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming. Denison, Dixon,
Dumont, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Halo,
Aaron Harding, Harris. Hawkins, Henderson, Hill,
Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard.EdwinN.Hnbbell, James R. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Kelley, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Mar-
shall, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McCullough, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Moorhead, Myers, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, William H.
Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stil-
well, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward. Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth. Whaley, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—105.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Finck, that when the House adjourns it ad-
journ till Friday next; on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 11, nays 77, not voting 103;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boyer, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbren-
ner, Hogan, Le Blond, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Sitgreaves, and Andrew II. Ward—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley. Baker, Banks, Beaman. Benjamin, Bidwell, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb,-Conkling, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Cul-
ver, Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Jenckes, Julian, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin,
Longyear, Lynch, Mclndoe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Morrill, Morris, Moulton, N ewel 1, Nicholson,O'N eill.
Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, Alexander H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Spalding,
Starr, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, and Williams—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.AUey, Ames, Ancona, Ar-
nell, J amcs M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Ber-
gen, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy,
Campbell, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dumont,
xuuo, -cliwuii xataluijjst -litli 1io,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kel-
ley. Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George V.Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Mar-
ston, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, McCullough, Me-
Ivee, Moorhead, Myers, Niblack, Noell. Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogors, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Shellabareer, Sloan, Stevens, Stil-
well, Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, James 3?, Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—-103.
So the motion whs disagreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and re-
ported that lie had. pursuant to the warrant of
the Speaker, arrested and now had in custody
