668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
at the bar of the House Mr. Raymond and Mr.
Pomeroy.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Ray-
mond, you have been absent from this House
during its session without its leave. What ex-
cuse have you to offer for being thas absent ?
Mr. RAYMOND. None but fatigue, Mr.
Speaker.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Pome-
roy, you have been absent from this House
during its session without leave. What excuse
have you to offer for being thus absent?
Mr. POMEROY. I went to New York on
necessary and important business. I returned
to this city by the night train, and seeing the
Capitol lighted up, I came up here to see what
was to pay.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I hope the Speaker
will inform the gentleman that these is the sum
of $2 50 to pay. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the gentleman
be excused without the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to suggest to the
House that we take a recess till twelve o'clock;
or rather to have an understanding that there
will be no vote taken till twelve o'clock, but
that gentlemen may speak until that time.
Objections were made by several members.
■ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sohenok] to strike from the roll
the name of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
farns worth.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
next recurs upon the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [M. Schenck] to suspend for the
present further proceedings under the call.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No other
business is now in order but proceedings under
the call.
Mr. FINCK, (at ten minutes to seven o' clock
a. m.) I move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. ORTH. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Grinnell
and Mr. Nicholson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were no votes in the affirmative and
none in the negative.
So tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FINCK. I call for tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall, of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Morris were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 2£, noes 65.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to*
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I rise to
a privileged question. I would like to be in-
formed by the Chair if there is any regular
parliamentary mode by which a member may
escape from this Hall. I went without my
dinner yesterday and without my supper last
night. Now, I would be very happy to be ena-
bled to get my breakfast this morning; and I
would like the Chair to inform me where I can
find any hole through which I can lawfully
escape from this Hall. I desire to be absent
just long enough to get a breakfast.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man can be excused by a vote of the House,
or the House can adopt a motion to suspend
all further proceedings under the call.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman will
not be excused ; T never knew him to have so
sweet a voice as now, and I think it must do
him good to go without eating for a time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The only
business now in order is the proceeding under
the call.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it now be in order
for me to make a proposition ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be
by unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that for a little
while we refuse to suspend proceedings under
the call until we have obtained a sufficient
number of our members here to enable those
on this side of the House to relieve each other
so that we may wear out the other side.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. You
have been doing that for a longtime.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am only surprised at
the magnanimity and generosity of the gentle-
man ; it is more than he ever gave before.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know it is not usual to
disclose one's plans to an enemy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is a most remark-
able thing.
Mr. -NOELL. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. If we are to remain here all day, I sug-
gest that the doors of the galleries had better
be opened so that we may have some fresh air.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Door-
keeper will be instructed to open the doors of
the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
unanimous consent to say one word. [Cries
of "Proceed," "Go ahead," and "Say one
word."] •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
ttears no objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, we have remained here engaged in
what I may term an idle effort during sixteen
hours, only a handful of Representatives con-
tending against nearly fivefold their number.
We have stood here for the purpose of demand-
ing a discussion of abill which you of the major-
ity have said yourselves is most important,
and which we, in like manner, consider of the
utmost and the gravest importance. This is
no less, sir, than a bill to interfere with the
practice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and for the discussion of that question
so important we have asked you for but one
single hour, and we feel that having asked that
single hour for the discussion of so important
a question we shall not only stand right in our
own estimation, but that we shall stand right
before the country. The people of this coun-
try in no respect and at no 'time sympathize
with the tyrannical majority of a legislative
body which seeks to trample upon the rights
of the minority and prevent a free discussion
of any measure. And now, sir, after sixteen
hours' contest we say to you again that we are
willing to' end this contest and adjourn now,
provided you will give us that one hour after
the morning hour to-morrow. [Cries of " No,
no!" from the Republican side of the House.]
Well, sir,-it is your privilege again to refuse ;
it is our duty to ask.
Mr. HIGBY. That offer was made early
last evening. [Criesof "No, no!" from the
Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir, I
question that statement. There was never atime
during this entire coiitfist, since nine o'clock
last evening when this side of the House was
not willing to yield for one single hour's dis-
cussion.
Mr. HIGBY. Before nine o'clock I rose
in my place and made that proposition, and it
was objected to.
A Voice. Objected to on your own side of
the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no such recollection; but if the gentleman
acted in good faith last night in making that
proposition, what objection can he have to
renew it now ? What has he to fear from a
proper discussion of this bill ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot speak for my
friends, but if the gentleman opposite will take
an hour now I shall not object.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. We
cannot do it after nearly twenty-four hours
labor here. We are not physical giants. We
are asking nothing but what is right, nothing
but what I think gentlemen should award to
us. We have been resisting here what we
conceive to be a wrong.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know what the question before the
House is?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
speaking by unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
mon was allowed to proceed by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SPALDING. How long does that^p-
sent last ? Can he speak for an hour?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man is entitled to one hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Now,
sir, how do we stand here ?
Mr. RROOMALL. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that there is no question be-
fore the House upon which the gentleman can
speak.
Mr. FINCK. The bill is before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is proceeding by unani-
mous consent or the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rose,
not for the purpose of aggravating this contro-
versy, but rather with a view to arouse the
magnanimity of the majority here. We feel
that we can yet hold out much longer, and we
mean to hold out; but I ask gentlemen what
good will be done by the prolongation of this
controversy? Let me say that the responsi-
bility of this scene in the House of Represent-
atives rests solely and entirely with the majority,
who have denied to the minority one of the
most reasonable requests ever made by a mi-
nority in any legislative body—that in the dis-
cussion of a question so important as this a
single hour should be allowed them for discus-
sion. We have asked for an hour.
Mr. SPALDING. I propose that we give
to gentlemen on the other side from this time
till twelve o'clock to-day to talk on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. And that in the mean
time the House adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the
floor, my colleague, Mr. Randall, having
yielded to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's colleague had'surrendered the floor, and
the gentleman can proceed only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I desire to submit a
proposition .which I think will satisfy both
sides of the House.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I object to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] speaking
for the majority of this House. He is a
traitor. [Laughter.] Of course I mean this
in a Pickwickian sense.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether it is parliamentary for
a member on this floor to call a brother mem-
ber a traitor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is not.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I meant the remark in
a Pickwickian sense, as a matter of course.
Mr. MORRIS. I wish to make a sugges-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man can do so only by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Speaker, the majority of
this House have denied the minority a hearing.
A short time since the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] who had the floor,
yielded it, to my certain knowledge, to his col-
league, [Mr. Stkocse.] It strikes me that the
Speaker ought to have recognizcd the latter
gentleman rather than any gentleman.on the
other side.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Morris] is not cor-
rect as to the matter of fact. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] who first
addressed the Chair had the unanimous con-
