1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
060
gent of the House to proceed and would have
been entitled to an hour if he had chosen to
occupy it, or to yield it to any other gentleman.
He, however, ceased speaking, surrendered the'
floor, and in the mean time the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] addressed the Chair
and was recognized. This was some time be-
fore the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Strottse] addressed the Chair. Hence the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Morris] is mis-
taken in reference to the fact.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution. I ask that it be read for
information.
Mr. STROUSE and others objected.
Mr. HIGBY and Mr. SPALDING called for
the regular order.
Mr. INGEESOLL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COBB. I rise to a point of order. Is
all this debate supposed to be indulged in by
unanimous^consent?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. Then I object to any further
debate until there shall be some debatable
question before the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL, (at halfpastseven o'clock
a. m.) I wish to submit a motion to adjourn,
or rather to take a recess.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that I may be
heard for a few moments.
Mr. HIGBY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER, pro tempor,(. Objection
being made, no debate is in order; nor would
a motion for a recess be in order. A motion
to adjourn would be in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House would
take a recess 
Several Members. Order!
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that all further
proceedings under the call of the House be
dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STROUSE, (at twenty-five minutes to
eight o'clock a. m.) I now move in good
faith that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have understood from the beginning of onr
trouble that it has not arisen irom any indis-
position on the part of the majority to give the
minority an hour or more for the discussion of
this bill, but is owing to this factthat in giving
that hour it would deprive the Judiciary Com-
mittee of all the time they will have at this
session to report to the House and have acted
on the supremely important matters referred
to that committee, and thus deprive the coun-
try of most vital legislation.
Mr. STROUSE. Such, for instance, as the
impeachment of the President.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask whether
there is any way by which it can be arranged
that gentlemen on the other side shall have an
hour or more for debate, which I exceedingly
desire they shall have, and yet not deprive the
Judiciary Committee of the time allotted to it
for making reports?
Mr. LE BLOND. That can be remedied
by giving consent that they shall have an addi-
tional hour in which to make their reports.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I consent to that,
and think it a reasonable proposition.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will make a suggestion
to the House, and especially to gentlemen on
this side. I have been as anxious as anybody to
prosecute the public business, and in any part
I have had in this matter I have had no pur-
pose except to promote business under the
rules of the House. We are in this difficulty.
I do not say whether I am more to blame or
other people; but I am willing to take the
responsibility for this affair, having charge of
the bill from the Committee on the Judiciary.
I think, sir, it will be wise, looking to the
prosecution of public business, if we shall dis-
regard for a moment the question whether the
fault lies with this or the other side for our
present trouble; and I make the suggestion
that we take a recess until eleven o'clock, and
that from eleven to twelve o'clock be given to
the other side for debate, with the understand-
ing that no dilatory motions are to be made.
Mr. DAWSON. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond
to the gentleman from Massachusetts. By the
rules of the House each committee is entitled
to two morning hours. The Judiciary Com-
mittee has already had one morning hour and
is entitled to another, and this being the short
session that committee will not be again reached
in all probability for reports of a public nature.
If the House adjourns the pending subject will
come up after the reading of the Journal. By
unanimous consent, the House can adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massacusetts
or grant an additional morning hour to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LE BLOND. I want to meet the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts with the same lib-
erality and desire to consult the public inter-
est which he has just now shown. The gen-
tleman will see it is now nearly-eight o'clock,
and by the time we get our breakfast and re-
turn here it will be after eleven o'clock. I
believe every member on this side will agree
to extend to that committee an additional
hour in which to make their reports.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would put back all
other committees.
Mr. LE BLOND. I know some gentlemen
on this side who desire to speak. I do not
myself. I believe it is fair and right that they
should be heard. Thi3 will obviate the whole
difficulty, and when the hour expires the gen-
tleman can have a vote on the bill, and that will
end the controversy.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The difficulty is this: if
the Judiciary Committee be allowed another
hour it will setback the other committees which
are to follovythat committee and are ready with
their reports. If gentlemen will subject them-
selves to a little inconvenience this morning
and come here at eleven o'clock, we can go on.
Mr. LE BLOND. We can prolong our ses-
sion. For one I am willing to meet of nights,
and I believe the minority is also willing in
order to make up this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to be that the House take a recess till
eleven o'clock, that from eleven to twelve be
devoted to debate, and that at twelve the vote
shall be taken.
Mr. FINCK. I suggest that we take a re-
cess until half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to say that it seems
to me a little loo late to go back now on what
has been done. This bill was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary under circum-
stances which have been fully explained to the
House, and which are well understood. Prop-
ositions were made, and there was no agree-
ment underthe lead of the Judiciary Committee
representing the majority on this floor. We
have labored here for hours against a minority
which has been, if not factious, at least very
obstinate in its determination that the major-
ity shall not have its way, until now we have
advanced into another day. Is it necessary
that we should now wait till eleven or half past
eleven o'clock, or accept any other terms that
may be dictated to us by that minority, and
ought we to do it? There are in this city a
sufficient number of members agreeing with
ns in opinion constituting a majority of this
House, and who have the responsibility of its
legislation, who can be brought here within
the next hour or so, and I am willing to wait
for them to come here and pass this bill over
the heads of any such minority.
Mr. FINCK, Mr. LE BLOND, and others.
You cannot do it; you will not pass this bill
to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I am willing to test
the question who shall make terms; who shall
dictate and who shall control us.
Mr. LE BLOND. When my colleague fails
in parliamentary tactics to accomplish his end,
what does he mean to do then?
Mr. SCHENCK. Ah", I have seen this
thing before.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like my colleague
to answer this question: if he fails in parlia-
mentary tactics to get a vote on this bill, by
what means does he expect to get that vote?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very possible we may
be able to get a vote by continuing in our places
here.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the call for the regular order of business
interrupts this debate, and the Chair will again
put the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] to the House.
Mr. GOBB. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me a moment.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any further
discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proposes that the House now take a
recess till eleven o'clock a. m., and that from
eleven o'clock till twelve be devoted to debate
upon this bill. Is there objection to the prop-
osition ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. DAWSON. I think the proposition
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts is
a reasonable one and should be accepted, and
I trust there will be no objection to it on this
side of the House. I renew his proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dawson] renews the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. Is there
objection to it? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the House now takes a recess until
eleven o'clock.
Accordingly (at a quarter before eight o'clock
a. m.) the House took a recess till eleven o' clock
a. m.
after the kecess.
The House reassembled at eleven o'clock
a. m.
The SPEAKER. By an order of the House,
adopted by unanimous consent before the re-
cess, one hour is now to be devoted to debate
upon the pending bill (H. R. No. 239) to pre-
scribe an oath for public officers and members
of the bar, and for other purposes.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, the sceae which
has transpired in this House during its late ses-
sion, occupying nearly twenty continuous hours,
exhibits to the country and to the members of
the House the fact that it is unwise for the
majority to be illiberal or domineering to the
minority in all legislative assemblies. If the
gentleman in chargc of this bill had been lib-
eral enough to have allowed to this side of the
House a reasonable time for discussion on yes-
terday, the scenes which we have witnessed
during the night and morning, would not have
been enacted in this Hall. This bill would have
been disposed ©f. We should have had our
usual sleep last night, and come here fresh this
morning to discharge our duties.
Mr. Speaker, what is.this bill? It is a bill
introduced from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, one of a series of measures intended to
invade the just jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States and to subvert its
just powers. This bill has not been printed;
it was brought for the first time to the attention
of the House on yesterday. From the moment
of its introduction almost up to this time we
have been employed in giving our attention to
the session of this House, and so much so that
I have been prevented by the labors of the ses-
sion from making the preparation which is ne-
cessary in order to enable me to present my
objections against this bill in such manner as I
would desire.
This bill in my judgment seeks to avoid and
set aside the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States respecting the test oath as
applied to attorneys and counselors of law in
the courts of the United States. It seeks to
do that indirectly which by the decision of the
