1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. SPALDING. I was just going to ask
whether it was a living business? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ALLEY. I was about to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that during the last year no interest has
suffered more than the leather interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I renew
the amendment. I desire to make one remark
in regard to the proposed abolition of the duty
on leather by putting it upon the free list.
It seems to me that the true way to reach
the object which gentlemen around me seem
to desire, namely, to reduce the cost of shoes
and other articles made of leather, and used
by the poorer portion of the community, is to
abolish the duty upon the manufactured arti-
cle and not upon this, which is really the raw
material. Leather undoubtedly enters into a
great many articles consumed by poor and
rich alike ; but 1 do not see how we are to
reach the point indicated as particularly desir-
able by the gentleman from Massachusetts on
my right [Mr. Baxks] and the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hogax] by simply putting
leather on the free list.
The way is to put boots, shoes, and articles
consumed by the great mass of humanity,
especially boots and shoes of the cheaper
kind, on the iree list, and then the manufac-
turers of these articles will be encouraged.
It may be true no leather is exported under
the present duty ; but the Government has no
direct interest in exporting leather. It gets no
duly on it.
1 am touched by the disinterestedness of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alluy,]
who has just addressed the committee, and his
willingness to pay this duty, although he states
all the other manufacturers of the country
besiege him with applications to have it re-
moved. I do not think it is desirable to have
this duty removed.
I wish to say one word more. It seems to
me it is important this committee should know
something more definitely than it does of the
extent to which the putting of these articles
upon the free list will affect the aggregate
amount of revenue to bo cojlcctcd. It seems
to me one of the duties of the Committee of
Ways and Means is to report the aggregate
amount expected to be received from each
particular article on which tax is imposed, and
then we will know how much we will lose by
putting an article on the free list. We have
no estimate of that sort, none but vague indi-
vidual estimates. If the committee has made
any such estimates they have not brought them
before the House.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Chairman, what
more direct way can we take to exempt these
cheap articles of general consumption than by
exempting the article from which they are
manufactured I I1 he man who manufactures
the articles has to buy these materials and has
to pay a price enhanced by the tax imposed
upon the leather man. It may be reached as
directly^ as by taking the tax off of these vari-
ous articles of boots and shoes and saddles
and all the others that have been mentioned.
I am therefore for sustaining the committee in
this matter. It goes more directly to the in-
terest of the men who are burdened by taxa-
tion than almost any other measure which has
been proposed. I hope those who are really
the friends of the people, who have been op-
pi essed by taxation and who have borne the
burden of the war we have prosecuted, will
show that friendship in voting for this meas-
ure. Let us at least try the experiment for
one year. If we do not raise revenue enough
next year we can put the tax on again.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from New
York desires some information in respect to
the amount collected on this article, and I
propose to give it to him. During the year
1866 there was collected on this article of
leather alone $5,384,000. During the same
year there was collected on boots and shoes
manufactured of leather, which reach all these
poor people, over six million dollars. For the
purpose of relieving that class of people we
reduced last year the tax from five per cent,
to two per cent, on boots and shoes. It occurs
to mcit whould be better to put boots and
shoes in the list of exempts. We will save to
the revenue some $3,000,000, as compared
with the proposition to exempt leather, as pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and in addition relieve the consumers of boots
and shoes from this burden; that is, assuming
the gentleman from New York to be correct,
that the consumer pays this tax and not the
manufacturer. I suggest that this paragraph be
stricken out and boots and shoes inserted. By
this amendment the reduction in the amount
of revenue would be less than three million
dollars, instead of $6,000,000, as will result
from the exemption of leather.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I would be glad to
hear what the gentleman proposes if we do not
get sufficient money to pay our debts. It is
without any question we will have to get a
large amount of money. There is no doubt
the revenue from every source will be less than
it was during the past year, while our expenses
do not diminish, and. will probably be larger
during the coming year than in the one that is
I>ast. It seems to me when we have a resource
from which we can derive as large an amount
of revenue as from these leather manufactur-
ers, wlio are very few comparatively, and who
are very rich, for I undertake to say the men
who have capital invested in this business have
derived more than fifty per cent, upon that
capital yearly for the last three years — my
friend from Massachusetts will agree with mo
in this—I say when we have such a resource
we ought not to throw it away.
And there is another fact stated in the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in
reference to the experiment made last year of
putting on the free list and reducing the reve-
nue on various articles which entered into gen-
eral use. Ho states that instead of reducing
the price of the article, if it had any effect at
all it increased it. The men who had con-
trol of the business kept the price up and put
the money into their own pockets instead of
contributing to the relief of the poor people.
This article of leather stands precisely in the
same position as cotton and wool, and I want
the gentlemen who are against imposing this
tax upon the manufacture of leather to remem-
ber when the tariff bill comes into the House,
and those who oppose it shall ask to have the
tariff on cotton and woolen goods taken off—
because the people who consume them are so
numerous, and because we want to help every-
body—I hope they will concur with us upon
that proposition.
Now, I believe that the interests of the rev-
enue require that this tax should be continued
upon manufactured leather, and I am in favor
of its being so continued; and I am in favor at
the same time of putting boots and shoes and
all articles manufactured out of leather upon
the free list. All the additional cost of the
leather is in the labor, and we ought certainly
to protect labor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentle-
man from New York to accept the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move it asan amend-
ment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I think we had belter
take a vote on the first proposition, and then
the gentleman can make his amendment. It
seems to me we had better preserve the sources
of revenue which the manufacture of leather
furnishes, and I would like to take the sense
of the committee on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question then i'
is to strike out the paragraph. j!
Mr. ALLISON. I move in lieu of that to i!
strike out the
lows:
and insert as fol-
Boots and shoes, shoestrings and shoe binding of
leather or skin, andvgloves of skin or leather.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out and insert takes precedence.
The question being put, no quorum voted.
The Chair ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Allisok and Thayer.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayos 50, noes 65.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative to make a quorum, and the amend-
ment is agreed to. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Humphrey,] to strike out the whole
paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the point of order
that after striking out and inserting an entire
paragraph it is not competent to strike out the
inserted paragraph. It is only where a part
has been stricken out that you can move to
strike out the whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point. Striking out and inserting precludes
the striking out again of the whole paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
Legs of pianofortes, melodeons, and billiard tables.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to add the words "and spiral springs used for
the manufacture of furniture*"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words "legs of pianofortes, melodeons, and
billiard-tables." These articles go with the
manufacture of such things as are used only
by the wealthy, articles of taste certainly, pos-
sibly of luxury, if not of dissipation. If there
is anything in the principle of which we have
hoard so much, of increasing the revenue, it
seems to me we should let these things pay
taxes, so that those who buy pianofortes or
melodeons or billiard-tables shall pay for their
own jegs. I do not know but this may be right,
but it certainly has a very ugly, disagreeable
look, and will make a very bad impression upon
the eye of the tax-payers to find themselves
taxed for their shirts, coats, and other articles
of woolen and cotton manufacture, the neces-
saries of life, while they see billiard-table legs
and pianoforte legs exempt from taxation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to say to'the gentleman that he probably
does not understand the question as now pre-
sented.
Mr. MAYNARD, I concede I do not.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. These
pianoforte legs are manufactured as articles
by themselves, and the makers of pianofortes
buy them and place them on their instruments.
Now the manufacturer of legs first pays a tax of
five per cent., and then the maker of piano-
fortes pays an additional tax of five per cent.
The only object of this exemption is that they
shall not be twice taxed. The whole value of
these articles when completed is taxed; the
pianoforte maker pays a tax on the entire cost
of the pianoforte, including these legs; and
that being so, the object of the amendment is
to avoid a double tax upon the legs, and to
exempt from the tax the poor men who make
them for the large manufacturers, leaving it to
be paid by the latter class in the general tax
upon the completed article.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by striking out the last word, merely to
get an opportunity to state that this amend-
ment does not refer, as the gentleman from
Tennessee seems to suppose, to the legs of the
players, but to the legs of the instruments.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. MAYNARD. I lost the joke.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And the
object of the proposed exemption is merely to
prevent the duplication of the tax upon the
same articles. Billiard-tables pay a tax upon
their whole cost; and the purpose of the amend-
