670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Supreme Court cannot be done directly. It
seeks to deprive men who are now in the exer-
cise and enjoyment of the right to practice in
the courts of the United States from the exer-
cise of that right. This bill, if it shall be en-
acted into a law, will be ex post facto in its
operations. „
What are the provisions of this bill ? It pro-
vides that no person shall be permitted to act
as attorney or counselor in any court of the
United States who has been guilty of treason,
bribery, murder, or other felony, or who has
been engaged in rebellion against, the Govern-
ment of the United States, or who has given
aid, comfort, or encouragement to the enemies
of the United States in armed hostility thereto.
The provisions of this bill relating to "brib-
ery, murder, or other felony" are inserted for
the purpose of covering the real intSnt and
object of the bill. Its real purpose is doubt-
less to prevent men who have in any way en-
couraged the rebellion against the Government
of the United States, or held office in the civil
or military service of the so-called confederate
States, or given' it aid and comfort in any man-
ner, from practicing in the courts of the United
States.
Now, in my opinion, you cannot in this way
prevent a? man who has been admitted to prac-
tice in the courts of the United States from
the exercise and enjoyment of the rights of
his profession in these courts. Take the case
of ex parte Garland, where the direct question
was presented. Mr. Garland had held some
office in the confederate States and could not
therefore take the test oath. He had before
that time been admitted as an attorney in the
Supreme Court of the United States. After
the termination of the rebellion, or perhaps
during its existence, he had been pardoned by
the President of the United States from any
crime of which he may have been guilty in
aiding the rebellion. He presented himself
before the Supreme Court and asked to be
allowed to practice in that court without tak-
ing the oath referred t.o. He was met by this
oath provided by the law of 1865, the "test
oath" as it is called, as applied to attorneys
in United States courts. He and his counsel
argued that that aet was unconstitutional; that
it sought to deprive him of the exercise of a
right to which he was entitled by reason of
having prior to that time been admitted to
practice iu the courts of the United States ;
and the court, on full argument and careful
consideration, held, very properly, I think,
that that oath was unconstitutional, that it was
ex post facto in its operation, and sought to
deprive a man of the enjoyment of the fruits
of his profession as an attorney in that court.
Mr. Speaker, this is not an act proposing to
operate only in the future; but it operates
upon persons who already are practitioners in
that court; and it seeks to deprive them of
the exercise of a right which belongs to the
profession. The position of attorney or coun-
selor is, it is true, considered as an officer of
the court, but it is not such a political office as
our laws recognize. Attorneys and counselors
of law are officers designated by the courts to
aid them in the administration of justice. They
are the agents of the clients whose interests
are brought into these courts, for the purpose
of properly presenting them for adjudication.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boutwell,] in adverting to the Supreme Court
of the United States, said that if there were
five judges in the highest tribunal of the land
who had not sufficient self-respect to enact
rules and enforce regulations that would pro-
tect themselves from the foul contamination of
conspirators and traitors, it was the duty of
the legislative branch of the Government to do
it for them. Now, with all defex-ence to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I think the
Supreme Court is just as competent to protect
itself and, maintain its self-respect, as is the
gentleman from Massachusetts or the members
of this body.
Let me here advert to a consideration which
I may not be able to take up so appropriately
under any other branch of the argument. Polit-
ical offenses have never been regarded in the
same light as the offenses of murder, bribery,
&c., named in this bill. They have been recog-
nized by every one as constituting a different
class of offenses. Why, sir, it will be remem-
bered by you and by the.members of this House
that no longer than twelve or thirteen years ago
this Government sent across the ocean a vessel
of the United States, and was instrumental in
procuring the release of Louis Kossuth from a
prison in Turkey, brought him to the United
States, and made him the guest of the nation.
What had Kossuth done? He had tried to
establish the independence of Hungary. He
failed; and according to the laws of Austria he
was liable to be arrested, tried, and convicted
for treason. Yet he was received with the
warmest demonstrations by the American peo-
ple. But the majority of this House now seek
to treat the people of the South, who are our
countrymen, as public enemies, and deny to
them the rights of citizens. Political offenses
of the character referred to are not considered
as affecting the moral character of the offender.
Why, sir, let me put a case, and in referring to
it I trust I shall not be considered as departing
from the legitimate line of debate. There is a
distinguished gentleman of the State of Massa-
chusetts, who has been elected to the Fortieth
Congress as "the successor of the gentleman
[Mr. Allbit] who is now the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post RoaJs.
This gentleman is a distinguished member of
the bar, practicing in the Supreme Court of the
United States. Now, sir, I say that in my de-
liberate judgment three fourths of the lawyers
of this country who have any distinction at the
bar, and are looked upon- as eminent in their
profess! -i, would prefer to appear in court as
the professional associates of Alexander H.
Stephens rather than with the gentleman to
whom I refer.
Sir, does the gentleman really desire to pro-
tect this great court from contamination ? Why
does he not go further? If he proposes to take
under his control and supervision the charac-
ter of this august tribunal, he might extend his
benevolent and patriotic efforts somewhat fur-
ther. I understand that at a public reception
given in this city not more than a year ago *by a
man whose talents and energy, more perhaps
than that of any other person, aided in bringing
about the suppression of the rebellion—I mean
General Grant—Alexander H. Stephens was
an invited guest; and men on this floor, of both
sides of the House, if I am not mistaken, were
in attendance and took Mr. Stephens by the
hand. Were these men contaminated ? Was
General Grant contaminated ? Did he lose his
position and standing as a patriotic and devoted
citizen? No, sir; like a brave and gallant
soldier he understands how noble it is to be
generous and magnanimous to a defeated peo-
ple who are a portion of our countrymen. A
great and brave nation will always be generous
to a fallen foe.
Mr. Speaker, I do not make these compari-
sons for the purpose of exciting any bitter
feeling. I merely advert to thera for the pur-
pose of showing that, in the estimation of the
world and of Christian civilization, men who
have been engaged in efforts to throw off the
control of one Governmentand establishanew
one, are not to be regarded in the same light
with men who have been guilty of bribery,
murder, or other high crimes. There always
has been recognized a distinction between such
crimes and political offenses.
But why should not these men practice in
the courts of the-United States? The laws
of the several States require the applicant to
be a man of good moral character. You are
not satisfied with snch a rule as that. You
propose to go much further. You now pro-
pose to pass a law the like of which we have
never seen before, either in State or Federal
legislation. The specification of bribery, mur-
der, or other felony embraced in this bill is
only' used for the purpose of covering up a
design to prevent the citizens of the southern
States from practicing in the courts of the Uni-
ted States. You have shut the door against their
representatives. You also propose to shut the
door against those men in the South who may
be elected to vote for President and Vice Presi-
dent. That is not fully up to the demands of
aggressive radicalism, and we are to have this
proposed legislation, and more in the same
direction. I say that it is a part of that sys-
tem of legislation so common here, which seems
to have been conceived in a spirit of revenge
and malignity.
Mr. Speaker, the men who organized the
rebellion no doubt have been guilty of a great
crime. That, however, is a question which is to
be determined by the courts in the method pro-
vided for in the Constitution. 1 have always
denounced secession. I denounce it now. It
was a great and fatal mistake on the part of
the people of the States who went into the
rebellion. It was a crime. But, sir, do you
believe that seven or eight million people like
ourselves, loving freff government as we do,
could have been inspired to take part in a
common cause, to organize a government of
their own unless they had confidence in the
cause which they espoused? You say they
were wrong. I know they were wrong. I
have always denounced the attempt to disrupt
the union of these States. But I say that there
was a belief existing in the minds of a great
portion of the people of the southern States
that a State had a right to secede from the
Union; and I say, moreover, and charge it
here without fear of contradiction, that lead-
ing men of the Republican party at the North
encouraged this idea and encouraged the right
of the southern States to withdraw from the
Union. I suppose many of these people did
really believe that they had a right to secede.
You cannot look into the hearts of men and
ascertain their belief. Sir, if they did in good
faith believe in the right of secession the very
essence of crime is absent, namely, the inten-
tion to commit it. They have, however, vio-
lated the Constitution and laws of the United
States, but you do not propose to punish the en-
tire people of the South. The mostunbounded
malignity would hardly be equal to that. Your
legislation shows that during the war you
passed an act sanctioning the executive use
of the pardoning power. He has issued par-
dons.to almost the entire people of the south-
ern States. In this he has acted like a wise
and patriotic Chief Magistrate.
Now, what is the effect of these jjardons?
Not only to relieve the party from punishment;
not only, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
said last year, to take away the penalty and
punishment of the crime ; but, in the language
of the books—and there is no conflict about it
—to restore the pardoned man to the same
position that he would have occupied had he
never committed the offense. ThiS is the law
as plainly shown in both the English and Amer-
ican authorities. Blackstone says:
"A pardon may be pleaded in bar as at once de-
stroying tbe end and purpose of the indictment, by
remitting the punishment which the prosecution is
calculated to inflict. The effect of such a pardon
by the king is to make the offender anew man; to
acquit him of all corporal punishment and forfeit-
ures annexed to that offense for which he obtains his
pardon."
This power of pardoning by the President,
as has very justly been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, may be exercised
before the trial and conviction or after such
trial and conviction. The pardoning power is
an executive power; it is a plenary power, re-
stricted only by certain limitations fixed by
the Constitution of the United States itself.
But yo& seek by your legislation to utterly
ignore the effect of these pardons.
Take the case of a citizcn of the State of
North Carolina—a citizen of that State, and a
lawyer practicing his profession. He did not
aid in originating the rebellion; but in the
progress of the war he may have accepted some
civil or military office of the so-called confed-
