1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
39th Coxa....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
resumed its sway, the people who are now so-
anxious for the passage of this bill will see
the workings of it, and will with their own
hands obliterate it from the statute-book with
the seal of their condemnation and that of
every friend of law and of order.
What further do we find in this bill? An
amendment was offered by the gentleman from
Oliio, [Mr. Spalding,] and accepted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
That amendment is as follows :
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
fiassagc of this act, and until the said States in rebel-
ion shall be admitted to representation in Congress
as aforesaid, the provisions of the writ of habeas cor-
ntu shall be suspended in Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Texas, Alabama,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas; and said dis-
tricts of country are hereby placed under martial
law for and during the whole term aforesaid.
Just think of it. This country is to be again
placed under martial law, and that, too, at a
time when there is profound peace, when the
laws are being executed from one end of this
country to the other, and as well executed in
the southern States, I have no doubt, as in
any other portion of the country. And that
is to be donfe in plain violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, which each one of
us upon this floor has sworn to support. You
object to governments and officers elected
while martial law prevailed in the South.
The opposite side of the House are estopped
from objections on that ground: after giving
their countenance and aid to elections in my
State, held by the military in 18G3, electing
members to Congress, without whose votes
you could not have passed the first amend-
ment, in open and known violation of the will
of the legal voters of that State.
The Constitution declares that—
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unless when in eases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
Why, sir, this very bill speaks of those States
as "States lately in rebellion." No man as-
serts, because the facts will not warrant him in
doing so, that those States are in rebellion to-
day. Eighteen months or more have passed since
the last armed confederate laid down his arms.
Peace has prevailed from one end of this coun-
try to the other. Yet, in the face of this fact,
we have this monstrous proposition—to declare
martial law in ten States of this Union ; and
in making this declaration we, in my judg-
ment, step upon the mangled ruins of the Con-
stitution ; for the Constitution plainly gives
this power neither to the executive nor the le-
gislative department of the Government. In
this position I am sustained by the highest tri-
bunal in this land. Let me read two short
extracts from the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the celebrated
case of ex parte Milligan and others.
"No graver question was ever considered by this
court, nor one which more n early concerns the rights
of the whole people; for it is the birthright of every
American citizen, when chargcd with crime, to foe
tried and punished according to law. The power of
punishment is alone through the means which the
laws have provided for that purpose; and lfthoy are
ineffectual there is an immunity from punishment,
no matter how great an offender the individual may
be, or how much his crimes may have shocked the
sense of justice of the country or deranged its safety.
By the protection of the law human rights are se-
cured: withdraw that protection, and they are at the
mercy of wicked rulers or the oiamor of an excited
people."
" Time has proved the discernment of our ances-
tors, for even these provisions, [referring to the pro-
visions of the Constitution designed to protect the
personal liberties of the people] expressed in such
plain English words that it would seem the ingenuity
of man could not evade them, are now, after the lapse
of more than seventy years, sought to be avoided.
Those great and good men foresaw that troublous
times would arise when rulers and people would be-
come restive under restraint, and scok by sharp ana
decisive measures to accomplish ends deemed juat and
proper; and that the principles of constitutional lib-
erty would be in peril unless established by lrrepeal-
able law. The history of tho world had taught them
that what was done in the past might bo attempted
in the future. The Constitution of the United States
is a law for rulers and people equally in war and in
peace, and covers with the shield of its protection all
Classes of men at all times and under all eircum-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
stances. Xo doctrine involving more pernicious con-
sequences was ever invented b> the wit of man than
that any of its provisions can be suspended during
any of the great exigencies of Government. Such a
doctrine leads directly to anarchy or despotism: but
the theory of necessity on which it is based is false,
for tho Government within the Constitution h:is ali
the powers granted to it which are necessary to pre-
serve its existence, as has been happily proved by
the result of the great effort to throw off its just
authority."
I am admonished why read from the Consti-
tution or decisions of the highest tribunal in the
land to a body whose voice can make and over-
throw constitutions, executives, and the co„urts.
Under the Constitution the people of the
South have the right, if they are accused of
any crime against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, to be tried by a jury^ for the Con-
stitution declares that—
" The trial of all crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be
held in the State where the said crimes shall have !
been committed; but when not committed within any j
State the trial shall be at such place or places as the ,
Congress may by law have directed."
With the same regard for the rights of the
citizen when accused of crime, the Constitu-
tion provides that—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in tho militia when in
actual service, in time of war or public danger: nor
shall any person be subject for the same offenso to
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against
himself; nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
These constitutional provisions are the shield
behind which the humblest citizen of the South
can stand, and, in my humble judgment, pro-
tect himself from the operation of the provis-
ions of this bill. I believe that this protection
will be given by the courts under the Consti-
stution.
Much complaint has been made because the
Legislatures of the southern States have not
adopted the constitutional amendment submit-
ted by Congress at the last session. I think
myself that the southern States have already
adopted one amendment too many. I trust
that they will not adopt another. Why has
any one the right to complain because those
States refuse to adopt a proposed constitutional
amendment? Why is an amendment submit-
ted to those States unless it is expected that
they shall exercise their free choice in regard
to its ratification or rejection? If it is fore-
ordained that a particular proposition for
amendment shall become the law of the land,
why go through the mockery of submitting to
the people of the South a proposition upon
which they are to exercise no freedom of
choice? Why should not the southern States
exercise the right to determine such questions
in the manner which they deem to be demanded
by their interests or-self-respect? I would not
ask Massachusetts to accept an amendment
changing the organic law of the land unless
that old Commonwealth believed that the adop-
tion of that amendment would conduce to her
interests and promote the welfare of the entire
country. Nor would I ask the people of the
South to accept an amendment which, in my
judgment, barters away the rights and liberties
of the best, the most intelligent portion of that
entire country.
In my view there can be no doubt that this
bill in its present shape comes witliin the defi-
nition of a bill of attainder and ex post facto
law. It proposes to make criminal retrospect-
ively acts which were not criminal at the time
of their commission. It proposes to inflict
punishment upon those whose guilt, whatever
ft may have been, has been wiped out by the
pardoning power of the President of the Uni-
ted States. Three fourths or more of the peo-
ple of the southern States have 4>een, nnder
the amnesty proclamation of the President ot
the United States, (about whose power in the
premises there can be no question,) relieved
from all the pains and penalties to which they
were liable by reason of their participation in
the late rebellion.
Attainder is the stain or corruption of blood
which arises from being condemned for any
crime. When and where, by what court and
jury, were these people tried by law and found
guilty? You have not tried Jefferson Davis nor
convicted him, neither do I believe you can
under the Constitution and laws.
They are free from that offense so far as the
Constitution of the United States and the par-
doning power can free them; and that frees
them to all intents and purposes, in my judg-
ment, as any man could be freed from any past
offense. If that be so, I ask, then, if this bill
is not a bill of attainder, and ex post facto?
And the only authority that exists, in my
judgment, either in the national Government
or in these States, to deprive any free-born
white citizen of Texas or of South Carolina of
any of the constitutional rights I have enumer-
ated is by trial and conviction by a jury of that
State for the commission of some offense the
penalty for which has been fixed by law prior
to its commission.
By the Constitution certain duties were im-
posed upon the several States, and the exercise
of certain of their powers was restrained, which
implied their continued existence as States.
But to remove all doubt an amendment was
added which declared that the powers not del-
egated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people.
The reserved rights of the States are treated
by this bill as nullities, not worth the paper on
which they were written.
I have ever believed and sincerely believe
to-day that the only way or hope to save this
Union and preserve the life of the nation will
be to preserve inviolate the Constitution. Tell
me not that you can preserve my life after you
have torn out my heart; it is as idle to talk
of preserving this nation by overthrowing her
Constitution. Under no circumstance conceiv-
able by the human mind have I or would I ever
consent to violate that Constitution for any pur-
pose. I will cling to it as the last hope of free-
dom, as the bond of unity in the past, as the
only practical bond of union in the future, the
only land lifted above the waters to which the
ark of the Union can be moored. From that
ark alone will go out the dove, which shall
return bringing the olive-branch of peace and
the guarantee of constitutional liberty.
I am for peace, for the Constitution and laws
passed in pursuance thereof. It may be a
crime; if so I confess it. Already have our
quarrels filled the country with mourning, with
widows and with orphans that to-day appeal
to Heaven for aid and sympathy. Why pursue
these unfortunate differences? Let by-gones
be by-gones; let us act for the living, with
charity to all and malice to none, upon living
issues, issues upon which we are to be saved
or lost as a nation. I entreat you to pause in
your career of madness and folly* of unequal
and unconstitutional legislation. Repeal your
Freedmen's Bureau bill, your civil rights bill,
your test oath; grant a general amnesty; make
good your Crittenden resolution; declare to the
South and to the world that this is a repub-
lican Government in the true sense of that
term, that we derive our just powers from the
consent of the governed.
Mr. Speaker, by this act you blot out ten
stars from that flag now waving over your
chair. Desecrate not that flag, I entreat you,
by mutilation or by tearing from its folds ten
or one single star; let it continue to greet the
breezes of heaven as the ensign of thirty-six
coequal States united by a just Government,
shedding its blessings upon all like the dews
of heaven. Let there be one refuge secure from
tyranny and oppression; let that glorious refuge
be here in the United States of America.
The spirit now dominant in this House and
rampant throughout the North not only mock
