66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Hise.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
at gray hairs and tramples on the lessons of
experience, but regards with impatience and
ill-disguised contempt every appeal in behalf
of the rights of States or the guarantees of that
Constitution you have all sworn to support.
Stop! stop! says the extreme loyalist. We
have had a terrible rebellion, we are fresh from
the scenes of carnage and of war where our
brothers have been slain. Can this be plead
to extenuate or relieve you from your oath and
duty to the Constitution of our fathers? No,
never. Sir, the fierce bay of the bloodhound
on the warm track of his prey devours the
calm voice of reason and the soft pleadings of
humanity. Who that realizes the moral account-
ability -of nations can doubt that we have fallen
upon evil days?
In this great crisis, oh! that some great and
good voice that never counseled aught to dis-
honor or injure this Union would rise, as if
from the grave, and expose the specious pre-
texts on which a further prosecution of this war
is now being waged upon a brave and van-
quished people.
Sir, they are our brothers. To what end do
you further persecute them? Born a few
miles south of us, from a common ancestry,
with a common inheritance, who indeed formed
the Union of these States.
I am frank to say I do not believe that the
people who for four long years held at bay and
often drove back nearly one million -Federal
troops can be reduced to subjection (by uncon-
stitutional laws) and the negroes established
as the dominant race. If so- they have degen-
erated from their noble ancestors who drove
back the British at King's mountain and upon
the plains of New Orleans. Sir, if you do not
iptend to have a Union under the Constitution
upon terms of equality you had better at once
let the South go in peace, for no brave people
ever did or ever will submit long to such taxes
atidlawsasnow proposed—virtually slaves with-
out representation. Our forefathers fought for
representation. They established the principle
by the offering of their lives and their blood
that representation and taxation should go
together. Is that principle less dear to Amer-
ican freemen to-day? No, sir; it will con-
tinue to glow and burn until again enshrined
in the hearts of every true American in this
land, and woe to the man or party that stands
in the way of this inalienable right.
From recent indications the last citadel of
liberty, the Supreme Court, must bow to the
behests of party. God forbid! Save us from
such humiliation! Be it said to the honor of
the courts in all ages of the world they were
the last to forsake the rights of the citizen. In
our own they have not been the instruments
used to take the lives and liberties of innocent
men and women. May that august tribunal
continue with all its power and dignity under
the Constitution as the shield and protector of
the weak and the innocent through all time.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HQN. ELIJAH HISE,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. It. No. 543) to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights—
Mr. HISE said:
Mr. Speaker : If I occupy any time to-night
in the discussion of the subject now before the I
House it will be of course not to enlighten the
members here nor to produee any conviction
upon the minds of gentlemen united in this
House in support of this and other measures •
to which I am opposed. My only object is to
avail myself of this the only opportunity I
shall have, I presume, to present some viewg I
entertain on this subject, in order that (he
facts stated and the arguments urged may go
to the country and go especially to my constit-
uents for their information and instruction, if
what I may say will furnish any. The report-
ers will please take down what I have to say
as I have no written speech prepared. I am in
the habit of relying upon the current of my
own thoughts, the spontaneous flow of ideas
in my mind, and on the inspiration of the mo-
ment for what I may say.
Mr. Speaker, I was asked, in the progress
of my remarks on a former occasion, while
speaking in the Committee of the Whole, by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] who is not now present, and for whose
cultivated intellect I entertain a high re-
spect—I was asked whether or not it was my
opinion that the fact of the Republican, now
commonly known as the Radical, party, had
1 risen into power, whether their advent to
power, their obtension of authority, both in
the executive and legislative departments of
the Government, was a sufficient cause for
precipitating the country into a war by the
southern States in their acts of secession and
their subsequent attempts to establish and
achieve their own independence? I instantly
! answered, in the hurry of the moment, that I
| thought not, and I would still give the same
j answer.
| Although there had been causes engender-
! ing for a great number of years which occa-
sioned strife and animosity between the States
; in which slavery did not exist and the States
! in which it did, and which were well cal-
culated to drive the States asunder, although
there had in the progress of time been many
acts of usurpation of power not granted in the
Constitution and many acts of the prostitution
for unconstitutional ends of powers which were
actually granted for the aggrandizement of one
section at the expense of the other, never-
theless I never yet believed in the expediency
of resorting to an attempted dissolution of the
Union by separate or collective efforts for
secession on the part of the southern States or
either of them as a remedy or redress for all
the oppression, for all the usurpation of un-
granted powers and the prostitution of granted
powers to their injury. I never believed seces-
sion a remedy either lawful or expedient; but
if they had not hitherto, if preceding the acts
of secession there had not existed any cause
for so momentous a proceeding, one fraught
with such disasters and calamities, yet they
seem now, at all events, whatever may have
been their purpose heretofore, or however un-
founded may nave been the pretext or the
grounds upon which the southern States at-
tempted to secede and establish separate gov-
ernments for themselves, they have ample
grounds here now why they should hereafter
resist Federal power and Federal domination;
that is, provided the atrocious acts of usurpa-
tion, injustice, and oppression committed and
projected are attempted to be visited upon
them.
I am, sir, forgiving no cause for a severance
of the Federal Union, or for resistance to the
authority of the Federal Government; and I
am for giving no substantial sufficient cause for
revolution or secession. I was opposed to a
severance of the Union, so much opposed to it
that in fact I have always been in the hope and
entertained'the desire that the beneficent Gov-
ernment of the United States should be coex-
tensive with the whole continent of North
America. I have also further, however, enter-
tained the opinion that unless this Government
was administered and conducted within the
| limits presented in the Constitution, and in the
t exercise only of the powers granted therein, and
to subserve only the ends intended thereby,
always respecting the right of self-government
and the reserved powers of the States, the
Union never could be preserved; but by main-
taining such respect for the rights of all sec-
tions and all the States of the Union, aud by
•avoiding the usurpation of ungranted and even
doubtful powers, the Union may be indefinitely
extended and forever perpetuated. The very
best mode, the most judicious course for
strengthening the bands of union and perpet-
uating its existence forever would be to respect
and carefully observe that wise and celebrated
doctrine of President Jackson, to refrain from
the usurpation or exercise of any ungranted or
even doubtful powers.
These few preliminary remarks bring me
directly to the expression of my opinion of the
legal status and cpndition of things now. My
opinion, as formerly expressed, has been and
now is that there never has been a State yetoiri
of the Union ; that the authority exists only to
admit States into the Union, and when ad-
mitted that all the States in the Union collect-
ively, under the Constitution of the United
States, compose a commonwealth of States; that
they govern through that Constitution as States;
that none but States can govern, and none but
States can be governed by the United States.
I say therefore that you can admit a State or
any number of States into the Union. This
power is plenary, full, and unlimited; but there
is no power reserved to a State to withdraw,
or granted to the United States to expel or
eject a State from the Union.
I admit that Governments of every form,
whether republics, monarchies, oligarchies,
aristocracies, in former times have been over-
thrown, subverted, and destroyed. Such a thing
may occur by one strong Power invading the
dominion of a weaker Power and subduing its
inhabitants. Such a thing may even occur in
constitutional and representative Governments
by surmounting to such extent the limitations of
power and the lawful manner of its acquisition,
and by obliterating in practice the conservative
division of authority, so as by repeated acts of
usurpation a republic may be converted into a
despotism; but it can never legitimately be the
case in the Unitecf States Government, a Gov-
ernment strictly constitutional, having no right
to exist except under a constitutional charter,
from which alone itderives allits powers (strictly
defined and limited by special grants) to per-
form any governmental act.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HISE. I will with pleasure if it will not
take much time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Suppose the confederate
States had succeeded 
Mr. HISE. It would then have been a suc-
cessful revolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has not
heard my question. Suppose they had suc-
ceeded in establishing their independence, by
force of arms, the Constitution of the United
States being unchanged, no amendments hav-
ing been agreed upon either by us or them,
.would they then be States in the Union while
running their own governments and entitled to
rights here under the Constitution? And if
not under the Constitution how would they have
got out of the Union?
Mr. HISE. It would have been a case of
a successful attempt at revolution; 4hey would
have established their independence. If they
had prosecuted that struggle until the North
had ceased to resist or to wage war for their
subjugation and had acquiesced in their inde-
pendence, why then the States remaining
would have been the United States north,
and the other States would have been the
States south under their own confederate gov-
ernment and constitution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If they had no power to
secede, had we any power to acquiesce? What
becomes of the constitutional provision regard-
ing them as States after they hare severed
their connection with the Federal Government:
Mr. HISE. When I speak of secession 1
am speaking of the law as applicable to it, and
not upon the subject of the successful applica-
tion of force. The law of the case is that they
