1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Hise.
Ho. of Reps.
cannot seccde; there is no authority in the
Constitution for their secession. The compact
is between sovereignties, by which they bound
themselves perpetually that the Constitution
of the United States and the laws of the Fed-
eral Congress made in pursuance thereof shall
be the supreme law of all the States of the
Union, anything in the constitution and laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Every State, therefore, by its own ratification
of that Constitution agreed with every other
State to remain in perpetual unity under that
compact, never supposing, much less providing
for, such an event as secession or severance.
Therefore secession, attempted severance,
was a revolutionary movement. It may have
been rightful or wrongful; that is a subject
which I do not desire to discuss ; I desire to
promote harmony and good feeling between
my frienda Xorth and South.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. The gentleman does not
meet my question exactly. I agree to his
premises about the Constitution.
>h\ 11 IS 12. I think I understand my friend's
position.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, but suppose these
States had remained out fifty years, running
their confederate government meanwhile ; if 1
understand the gentleman from Kentucky, he
claims that they would have been theoretically
States in the Union under the Constitution
and entitled to representation. But their seces-
sion and war were unconstitutional. Our con-
Bent to it, even if we had consented, was un-
constitutional ; and they were bound to us, and
would be entitled all the time for these fifty
years to have representation in our Govern-
ment.
Mr. HISE. I would suppose that if the war
had been conducted for five or six years, and
then terminated by the consent of the two bel-
ligerents 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Ahl that is not what I
suggested.
Mr. HISE. In such case it would be like
two game-cocks, that have fought and con-
tinued the fight until they find that neither can
master the other. They then retire by degrees,
getting a little further apart, and finally separate
and each goes his own way. Why, sir, if that
state of things were to continue for fifty years
the doctrine of lapse of time would apply, and
the southern States would have become an in-
dependent confederate Government; and the
northern States would have retained their own
independence and union under their existing
Constitution; in other words, it would have
been a successful revolution, resulting in a
severance of the States by force and not by
law. But such is not the case here.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I understand the
gentleman to say that it is a question of time;
if they only stay out four years then they are
still States and entitled to representation; but
if they stay out fifty years they are not entitled
to representation.
Mr. HISE. If they stay out fifty years you
have no right to govern them. All Govern-
ments, let me say to the gentleman, are insti-
tuted by the people for the purpose of promo-
ting their own peace, welfare, and happiness.
Government is but a machinery costly, expen-
sive, and attendant with a variety of evils,
among which is its tendency always to usurp-
ation and corruption. Yet Governments have
been found to be necessary evils by peoples
where they have the doctrine of miumand tuum
prevailing; for the conservation of rights of
property and person. In such cases the people
have found it to be necessary to create govern-
ments for their own protection, advantage, and
happiness. That being the case, no Govern-
ment can continue to prosecute a war for fifty
years for its own aggrandizement, and to sub-
jugate by military power a people attempting
to establish their own independence, ana re-
duce them to a state of absolute political and
individual slavery.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HISE. No, sir, I will not; I was so
interrupted in a former speech that I made
that it was impossible for me to get along..
Now, sir, if there was no sufficient cause for
these States by revolution or by secession to
withdraw from the Union and to attempt to
maintain their position by defensive war—
because it was manifestly a defensive war—
will you now attempt to reduce them to a state
of political slavery such as is unheard of in
this country or, I believe, in any other? You
propose that a commission, appointed under the
provisions of this bill by the supreme court of
this District, shall be vested with despotic and
, arbitrary power to call an election, whether
the people of the State desire it or not, to
arrange and rearrange districts in these States
at their pleasure and to authorize the people
to vote or not to vote at their pleasure, having
the privilege of adopting a registry of voters in
these States. Where under the Government
of the United States has a despotism of that
sort existed? Where in this country has there
ever yet existed, or can there exist, any gov-
ernment unless it be free and representative
both in form and substance.
Sir, what kind of an officer would you call
one of these commissioners? Is he a Federal
or a State officer? Is he an officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States or an officer of a
State government? Is his office legislative,
executive, or judicial, or all combined? All
combined in one. By this extraordinary bill
these commissioners not only have authority
legislative, executive, and judicial, but also to
set up one government, overthrow another, and
install their own officers at pleasure. This they
can do under the authority proposed and at-
tempted to be vested in them to make a registry
of the men who alone shall vote.
Now, sir, I hold that if these men are Fed-
eral officers, then the Constitution is violated
in their mode of appointment. Where is the
constitutional authority to vest the appointment
of a Federal officer in the district court of the
District of Columbia. The Constitution pro-
vides that—
"The President shall have power, by and with the
advice and Consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur;
and he shall nominate, and hy and with the advice
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassa-
dors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall bo established by law.
But the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of sueh inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Those inferior officers who are to b% ap-
pointed by the heads of the Departments
must be executive officers necessary as infe-
rior agents in the discharge of the duties per-
taining to those particular Departments. If
the authority of appointment is vested in the
courts of law, of course it is contemplated by
the Constitution that they are to be inferior
officers of those courts of law, such as tip-
staves, prothonotaries, clerks, and messengers
of the courts. As for other officers, judges,
.embassadors, heads of Departments, &c., their
appointment belongs, under the Constitution,
to the President of the United States, by ana
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and they are, with the exception of judges, re-
movable at his pleasure. Here is a manifest
violation of the Constitution.
Again, sir, these commissioners are by this
bill to be invested with a power which this Con-
gress has no authority to vest in any officer of
the Government, legislative, executive, or judi-
cial ; that is, the authority to Overturn a State
government and superstruet another, in viola-
tion of every principle of republican and rep-
resentative gpvernmeut.
Again, sir, it is proposed in this bill to au-
thorise a certain class of the population to
vote in constructing these new governments.
Herein we have a gross violation of the rights
and powers of the State governments, who
alone have the authority to prescribe the qual-
ifications and conditions upon which the in-
habitants of the States shall exercise the right
of suffrage. This is a power that does not
belong to the Government of the United States.
It is contained in no grant of the Constitution,
nor is it to be derived by implication from any
granted power. On the contrary, the implica-
tion is decidedly the other way, because the
Constitution in defining who may vote for
members of this House declares that those
voting shall possess the qualifications of elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature.
Some gentlemen on the other side, in argu-
ing this question, have admitted, as I under-
stand, that the Federal Constitution is a com-
pact between sovereign States. This cannot
be denied, because it had no obligatory force
upon any State except by its own agreement,
that agreement being indicated by its ratifica-
tion through a State convention. The Consti-
tution was a compact, a treaty, an agreement
in writing between all the States, in the nature
of a charter, defining the skeleton and frame-
work of a Government to be instituted, with
public functionaries to rule according to the
provisions of that instrument, to exercise the
powers granted, and to respect all the reserved
powers and rights of the State.
Gentlemen agree that the Constitution was a
compact. They agree further that the compact
was violated by the different ordinances of
secession which certain States adopted. They
agree that, in virtue of that provision of the
Constitution which declares the supremacy of
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
" anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding," those
ordinances of secession and acts of State Legis-
latures looking toward the secession and sepa-
rate independence of certain States fall to the
ground as null and void.
That being the case, they failed to get them-
selves out of the Union by valid ordinances,
by valid ®cts of secession, by any valid acts of
their Legislatures, or by any valid proceedings
of their popular conventions. It is admitted
that they aid not get out in any such way.
And we claim that they did not get out at all,
but that they were forced to continue in the
Union. We hold that not for a moment did
they lose their right of representation under
the Constitution of the United States, either at
the time of secession or during the whole pro-
gress o£ the strife, provided that without ob-
struction they could have used and exercised
their constitutional privilege. But they were
forcibly impeded; they were prevented during
the time of the war by the military occupation
of the country, by armed force in opposition to
the Government, from sending their Repre-
sentatives here.
Now, I have never yet heard that the non-
user of a constitutional privilege contained in
the solemn covenant of Government between
all the States would by any operation of law
or reason deprive them of that privilege, and
what can you make of it exccpt a non-user
during the five years the war was prosecuted?
It was nothing but an abstaining from the
assumption and cxercise of an undoubted right
to have their Representatives upon this floor to
speak and vote for them, and to legislate in
reference to the interests of all the States of
the Union, themselves included. They failed
to use their privilege, their right of representa-
tion. Whether the non-user was voluntary, or
the result of obstructing force makes no dif-
ference in point of law or logic. They were
still entitled to their representation here, and
whenever they send their Representatives here
we are bound to receive them, or otherwise we
are justly liable to the charge of being dis-
unionistu and revolutionists, because the Union
is one of States under a compact by which only
