1867.
1ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If this doctrine as to the legal liability of
those who were engaged in the late rebellion
be correct—a question about which I express
no opinion on this question, because it would
not be germane to this discussion—the bill
would be inoperative upon the very class of
men whom it confessedly seeks to exclude
from practice in the Federal courts. Before
we attempt to legislate further upon the ques-
tion of what is treason and what is not treason,
making this offense the ground of exclusion
from civil or professional privileges, let us
have some decision of the courts upon this
question of treason, and the legal guilt of those
who have been engaged in the late rebellion,
according to the ordinary definitions of the
term "treason."
But, sir, the great and insuperable objections
I have to the proposed bill are that it is an
attempted encroachment on the judicial de-
partment of this Government; a blow at the
independence of the judiciary of the United
States; an attack on constitutional liberty itself.
As one who has occupied a brief but humble
judicial position, as an American citizen, as
a Representative of a portion of the people
of this country at least, I protest against the
passage of this bill,^nd shall continue to pro-
test against all such legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to discuss this
bill further, but I have already consumed the
very short time allotted to me, and I yield the
floor.
Mr. KERR. I ask leave to print some
remarks upon this bill, but which I will not
take up the time of the House by making now.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [His remarks will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BO i ER took the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me to move that
the House adjourn, so as to have another legis-
lative day.
Mr. BOYBR. I yield for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at eleven o'clock and fifty-
eight minutes a. m.) the Speaker declared the
House adjourned till Wednesday, at twelve
o'clock m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of A. J. Kent, Z.
Spitler, J. B. Spotswood, and others, of Kent, Indi-
ana, praying that there may be no curtailment or
withdrawal of the national currency.
Also, the petition of John Collins, and others, of
Angelica, Now York, on the same subject.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of John McDer-
mid, and 40 others, citizens of Hillsdale county,
Michigan, praying for the impeachment of the Pres-
ident.
By Mr. BIOWELL: The petition of A. C. Harding,
and others, praying for the printing of the report of
J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources of the
country.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of the fire insurance
companies of Springfield, Massachusetts, for relief
from internal revenue tax.
By Mr. DEMING: The petition of the fire insur-
ance companies of the cityof Hartford, for relief from
tax imposed by the seventy-seventh section of the
internal revenue law.
By Mr. EQGLESTON: The petition of Henry Kess-
ler, and 40 others, leather manufacturers of Cincin-
nati, praying for a reduction of the revenue tax on
leather.
Also, the petition of the fire insurance companies
of the city of Cincinnati, for relief from the tax im-
posed by the seventy-seventh section of the internal
revenue law. .
By Mr. FABQTjlIAR: The petition of A. W. Bruce,
and others, of Dearborn county, Indiana, praying
for legislation to correct inequality of inspection, and
adoption of specific tax of five dollars per thousand
on all domestic cigars, and substitution of sale of
stamps at five dollars per thousand to manufactur-
ers instead of present system of stamping.
Also, the petition of Edward J. Oppett, of Balti-
more city, Maryland, with the resolutions adopted
by sundry manufacturers and journeymen cigar-
makers of said city, praying for legislation to cor-
rect inequality of inspection, and adoption of spe-
cific tax of five dollars per thousand on all domestic
cigars, and substitution of sale of stamps at five dol-
lars per thousand .to manufacturers instead of pres-
ent system of stamping.
By Mr. PERRY: The petition of Charles J. Church,
ManningRutan, and 54 others, citizens of Qreenville,
Michigan, protesting against legislation curtailing
the national currency andcompellin^national banks
to redepm their notes in New York city.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 43.
By Mr. FINCK: The petition of Schaefer & Kra-
mer, and others, cigar manufacturers of Ohio, pray-
ing for a change of tho tax on cigars, &o as to make
the same a specific tax, and not more than five dol-
lars per thousand on all domestic cigars.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The petition of
John H. Finlay, of Illinois, for a pension.
By Mr. HOGAN: The petition of over 800 cigar
manufacturers of St. Louis, Missouri, praying for
some modification of the income tax on the manufac-
ture of cigars.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The petition of Pratt & Co.,
of Buffalo, New York, to have the Government refund
illegal duties which they were compelled to pay.
By Mr. KERR: a The memorial oi John Sedgewick,
collector of the third district of California, for adjust-
ment of his accounts and salary.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of inspectors of
customs of the port of New York, for increase of pay.
By Mr. LOAN : The petition of citizcns of Worth
county, Missouri, for the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, acting President of the United States.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of George Hyland,
Esq., M. L. Davis. Esq., Hon. J. L. Endress, of Liv-
ingston county. New York, asking that tho official
conduct of the President of the United States maybe
inquired into by the grand inquest of thenation, and
that if he is proved guilty of usurpation and other
crimes a bill for impeachment for the same may be
presented to the Senate of the United States, sitting'
as a high court of impeachment for action thereon.
Also, the petition of Adam Clark, Esq., and many
others, of Yates county, N ew York, approving of the
tariff bill agreed upon by tho joint committee of
wool-growers and manufacturers at the last session
of Congress, and which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives last winter, and asking that immediate
action may be had thereon by the Senate of the
United States.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of the fire
insurance companies of the city of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, for relief from the tax imposed by the sev-
enty-seventh section of the internal revenue law.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Charles Diblin,
and 182 others, manufacturers of cigars and cigar-
makers, of the third district of Pennsylvania, for a
specific tax of five doll ars per thousand on ail domes-
tic cigars, to remedy the inequalities of the present
system of inspection and taxation, approving the
existing tariff on imported cigars, and praying for
an alteration of the law permitting stamps to be sold
for five dollars per thousand, and for increased pen-
alties for violation of the revenue laws.
Also, the petition of David B. Champion, late a pri-
vate in company A, one hundred and eighty-third
Pennsylvania volunteers, (who while in the service
lost an arm by the accidental discharge of his gun,)
for an invalid pension.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of Lewis "W. Bye,
and 54 others, citizens of Marion township, Morgan
county, Ohio, asking that the tariff upon wool, as
adopted by the House of Representatives at its last
session, may be retained upon any bill to J>e passed
by this Congress.
Also, the petition of Jesse England, of Morgan
county, Ohio, for a pension as a wounded soldier.
Also, the petition of F. A. Rathburn, and 30 others,
citizens of Rutland, Meigs county, Ohio, against the
reduction of currency, and compelling the banks to
redeeui in New York.
Also/the petition of W. Wilkes, and 120 others, ask-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from Young
Hickory, in Muskingum county, via Sand Hollow, to
Bristol, in Morgan county. *
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
E. B. Caldwell, of Kentucky, for compensation for
use of his propertyby the miiitary authorities of the
United States during the rebellion.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of certain officers
of the United States Army, praying that when offi-
cers are placed on the retired list they may be allowed
to retain longevity rations.
Also, three petitions of officers of the United States
Army, praying that the commutation price of the
ration may be restored to fifty cents.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of tho fire in-
surance companies of the city of Cleveland, for relief
from tax imposed by tho seventy-seventh section of
the internal revenue law.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of E. S. Morse, H.
L. Dickinson, and 29 others, citizens of Three Rivers
and vicinity, praying Congress not to reduce the vol-
ume of the currency nor compel the national banks
to redeem their notes at New York, nor prohibit them
from receiving or payiner interest on bank balances.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of the fire
insurance companies of Chicago, Illinois, for relief
from taxes imposed by the seventy-seventh section
of the internal revenue law.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 23, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 4th of Decem-
ber, 1866, the report of the Secretary of War
in relation to the amount of money paid, or
ordered to be paid, since the 18th day of May
last, to the several newspapers published in the
District of Columbia for advertising notices
and proposals for the War Department; which,
on motion of Mr. Conness, was ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of citizens
of Ohio, remonstrating against the passage of
any law authorizing the curtailment of the
national currency, or a return within a limited
time to specie payments, and against compel-
ling all national banks to redeem their notes in
New York, or prohibiting them from paying or
receiving interest on bank balances; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Kingston, Green Lake county, Wisconsin,
praying for the passage of House bill No 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, now pending in the
Senate; which was ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the .State of Wisconsin, in favor of the
passage of a bill providing for placing on the
pension-rolls all of the surviving soldiers of
the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying for an increase
of the duty on all importations of foreign wool;
which was ordered to lie upon the table;
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
the First National Bank of St. Albans, Ver-
mont, praying that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may be authorized to issue the sum of
$28,650 of seven-thirty notes bearing date of
August 15, 1864, in lieu of that amount be-
longing to the Government stolen from the
bank October 19, 1864, by rebels in the St.
Albans raid; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
freedmen of the State of Georgia, in which
they ask Congress for their protection to put
the southern States into Territories. They
say that "then you can enforce our right to
suffrage on them and make us free, or rather
complete our freedom." They also ask that
the war debt shall be paid out of captured
property, and they add: "You know the
property of the conquered always belongs to
the captor." This petition is signed by these
freedmen who have made their marks. I ask
its reference to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
It was so referred.
Mr. RIDDLE presented the petition of Mrs.
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of the late Joseph
S. Cannon, United States Navy, who was hon-
ored by a vote of thanks by Congress and pre-
sented a sword for his gallantry in the battle
on Lake Champlain, asking for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
E. B. Phillips, President of the Michigan
Southern and Northern Indiana Railroad Com-
pany, praying for a reduction of the duty on
steel and iron used for railroad purposes;
which was ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented the petition of Thomas L.
Morgan, praying that American registers may
be granted to the following Canadian-built ves-
sels, namely: the bark Arabia, of Montreal,
the bark Valetta, of Saint Catharines, and the
bark Pride of America, of Saint Catharines;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying for the passage of House bill
