676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
judication, so far as we are concerned, I tliink
is entitled to almost the weight of a judicial
determination of the question. I cannot un-
dertake to examine this case. __ I know very-
well that we ought to examine such cases; at
least that they ought to be- examined in the
Senate with care. I think I was satisfied of
the improper decision of one or two cases
while I was connected with the land office;
but I do not believe that the fact that a claim
lias been postponed by the Government from
time to time is a sufficient reason to defeat it.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the motion to recom-
mit will not prevail. There have been four or
five elaborate reports on this claim, all in favor
of it, and if it were recommitted with instruc-
tions it would be only to repeat in a new report
whathas been said half a dozen times in others.
Mr. GRIMES. But we have not seen them.
Mr. HARRIS. Those reports are on the
files.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, with
instructions to make a written report of the
facts involved in the case.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I have done my duty in
calling the attention of the Senate to this sub-
ject. I cannot vote for this bill, at least until
I have time and opportunity to read some
report on the subject. The idea of voting
$500,000, or voting a bill which will involve
in connection with other bills an appropriation
of $500,000 out of the Treasury upon the ver-
bal statement of a single member of this body
that he has examined it and is satisfied with it
is a mode of doing business which I cannot
sanction by my vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
_YEA&—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Ora-
gin, Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Lane, McDoaerall. Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patter-
son, Poland, Ramsey, Biddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, aud Willey—30.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Kirkwood, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Guthrie, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Boss, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Yates—12.
So the bill was passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 230) to prescribe a rule
concerning members of the bar, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
message irom the house.
A message -from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersojj, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 253) to punish for the
removal of dead bodies from the grave or other
place of interment in the District otl Columbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 668) to limit the time for
bringing salts before the Court of Claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 901) to regulate the selec-
tion of juries for the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1038) providing for an
additional term of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States in the eastern district of Arkansas,
and for other purposes.
the tariff bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 718)
to provide increased revenue for imports, and
for other purposes, which is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not intend to delay
the action of the Senate on the amendments
which I yesterday indicated my purpose to pro-
pose, but simply to say that I have given to the
flax interest my most earnest and anxious con-
sideration ; I have spent days and nights in
endeavoring to bring the provisions affecting
it into such form ana shape as would conform
with the_ duties placed on other great interests
by the bill. As to the proposition suggested
by me yesterday in relation to exempting the
raw material from duty, I will say that the con-
sideration of it is simply a question of time.
My own judgment is that to-day is the time
when the tax should be withdrawn, and here-
after, when the manufacturing interest has
been fully developed, the flax interest as well
as the wool interest and the iron interest may
come up and demand that their product shall
receive the consideration of the Senate and of
the country. I appreciate the position that is
taken in the West and in the Northwest in
favor of protecting these great interests. I be-
lieve thejr are as much entitled to protection,
whether in the shape of a raw material or a
manufactured product, as any articles that
have received value from the best appliances
of machinery. I am no advocate for receiv-
ing protection for one branch of American
industry without conceding it to all; and I
shall not at this time ask the Senate to with-
draw the duty proposed by the Committee on
Finance to be imposed on the unmanufactured
flax. I now send to the Chair the amend-
ments which I propose to the sixth section of
the bill as reported by the Finance Committee.
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments proposed by the Senator from Rhode
Island to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance will be read in their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment of
Mr. Sprague, which was to strike out of section
six of the amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee lines seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty,
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, and
twenty-four, and in lieu of them to insert:
On burlap, canvas paddings, duck, cot bottoms,
four cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
_ On all brown and bleached linens, damask table
linens, damask brown hollands, Spanish linens, blay
linens, coatings, drills, diapers, crash, huckabacks,
handkerchiefs, lawns, or other manufactures of flax,
hemp, or jute, or of which flax, hemp, or juto is the
component material of chief value, valued at thirty
cents or less per square yard, five cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; valued at over thirty cents and not over
sixty conts_ per square yard, ten cents per square
■yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; valued at over sixty cents aud not over
one dollar per square yard, fifteen cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem/ valued at over one dollar per square
yard, twenty cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CATTELL. The Senator misstates me
when he says that I stated $305,000,000 to be
the amount of foreign goods imported last year.
That was the amount imported into the port
of New York alone at the gold value, and I
showed by a calculation further on that when
you add to that amount the usual quantity im-
ported at other ports, as shown by the averages
of other years, and when you then add to that
the estimate which the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself makes, that there is a loss of
twenty per cent, by undervaluations and smug-
gling; and then when you reduce this result to
our currency value, the aggregate reaches be-
tween six and seven hundred million dollars of
importations, instead of three hundred millions,
which is a very different, figure. And I sug-
gest here again, as I did yesterday, that no
careful observer of the financial affairs of our
country will admit that we can afford to con-
tinue to import even at currency value the
enormous amount of six or seven hundred
million dollars of foreign goods.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly did not wish
to do my friend injustice, but I quoted the gold
value of the productions of this country as
giu&n by him at $6,700,000,000, and conse-
quently I had a right to give the amount of im-
portations at the gold value also. If you reduce
both to the currency value the effect will be the
same. I have before me a table of the import-
ations, including specie and articles admitted
free of duty, amounting to $437,000,000. It
is in Mr. Wells' report. From that ought to
be deducted articles admitted free of duty and
bullion sent backward and forward to pay the
balances on importations, probably about three
hundred and fifty millions.
Mr. CATTELL. I beg to say in reply that
the statement which I made was for the calen-
dar year 1866, and not for the fiscal year; and
that it was based upon statements received
from the New York custom-house for the cal-
endar year 1866. The enormous, increase of
importations was in the last half of the calen-
dar year 1S66. The figures stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio are true in regard to the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1866; but the calcula-
tions I made were based upon figures I obtained
of the importations in the calendar year 1866,
ending on the last day of December. The im-
portations were very largely increased during
the latter part of the calendar year for reasons
which I gave in the course of my remarks yes-
terday. The apprehension or the supposition
that the Senate would probably pass the House
bill, or something in the shape of it, stimulated
importation to a very large amount, and conse-
quently the sum total of importations for the
calendar year 1866 is very much greater than for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, which in-
eluded only six months of 1866, and six months
of 1865.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
amendment pending has reference entirely to
the section of the bill which relates to linens. ,
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island has
moved a very essential change in that particu-
lar section—section six. I have no intention
to make a general speech upon the bill; what
I may say will be confined to details as we go
along ; but I am very glad that the general
principles applicable to the whole subject have
been so ably laid down by my colleagues on
the Committee on Finance, the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] and the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
With regard to this particular amendment
I wish to say that it varies very essentially
from the provisions of the House bill on the
same subject. The Senator from Rhode Island,
to accomplish what he desired in reference to
the protection of the linen manufacture, was
at first disposed to strike out entirelv the duty
laid on what I must continue to call the raw-
material (though a product of labor) out of
which linen is manufactured. I understand
him, however, to have withdrawn that or not
to insist upon it. It is very obvious that he is
right in the latter conclusion, because if it is
important to encourage the linen manufacture
in this country it is also important to encour-
age the growth and preparation of the article
from which linen is made. Up to this time,
as I understand, we have in this country no
growth of flax to any extent that is used or
could be used as it has been operated in the
manufacture of linens.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to state to the
Senator that the ordinary flax produced in this
country is precisely like the flax made in Ire-
land, except that the fiber is allowed to ripen
to secure the seed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is exactly what I
was about to say. The flax is grown in this
country merely for the production of seed, and
is therefore permitted to ripen, and it becomes
unfit in that process for use in the manufacture
of linen. The farmers in this country have
found their profit in raising flax for seed, thus
jjermitting it to become a coarse and rough
fiber. It grows until it becomes ripe, and of
course is unfit for manufacture. We have beeu
obliged, for the purpose of the linen manufac-
ture, so- far to import flax which has not gone
to that degree of ripeness, not advanced to that
period when it is no longer fit for tho uses to
which this section particularly refers.
