1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Daniel Frederick Bakeman, a revolutionary
soldier ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting an increased
pension to John J. Sohan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) for the relief of the
children of Solomon Long, under sixteen years
of age;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) to provide
in certain eases for the removal of alcohol from
bonded warehouse free from internal revenue
tax ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) for the
relief of Ober, Nanson & Co., merchants of
New York;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) to extend
the time for codiiying the laws relating to cus-
toms, authorized by the joint resolution ap-
proved July 26, 1806 ;
A bill (H. R. No. C43) to alter the places
of holding the circuit courts of the United
States for the Rhode Island district;
A bill (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alex-
ander P. Pratt;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) for the relief
of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract with the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho ; and
A bill (S. No. 506) to authorize the trustees
of the Foundry Methodist Episcopal church to
sell and convey square No. 235 in the city
of Washington.
HENRY S. DAVIS.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, the bill (H.
R. No. 820) for the relief of Henry S. Davis,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $5,725 0-1 for the
relief of Henry S. Davis, which shall be in full
of his claim against the United States for work
done by him on the west wing of the Patent
OlHce building, under his contract of Novem-
ber 6, 1857.
Mr. FESSENDEN. From what committee
does the bill come ?
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. BROWN. This is a claim that has pro-
duced a good deal of controversy. It has been
reported back to the Senate with a majority
report and also a minority report. I should
like to have the reports read.
The Secretary commenced the reading of
the views of the minority.
Mr. WILLI AMS. J perceive that that is a
very lengthy document. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENTyro towpore. The motion
is unnecessary, as the morning hour has ex-
pired; and it is the duty of the Chair now to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope the Senator from
Oregon will allow me to get up the bill I have
been trying to obtain the iloor all the morning
to call up; but, like the unfortunate man in
Scripture, some one always stopped before inc.
I allude to the bill for the election of a Con-
gressional Printer. I do not think it will
occupy much time, and it is very desirable it
should be passed early.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be very happy
to accommodate my friend from Rhode Island,
but under the circumstances I must be excused.
1 suppose some of the Senators will desire to
attend church to-morrow, and it will be neces-
sary to hare a final vote on this bill before
eleven o'clock to-morrow. I think it is neces-
sary we should proceed with it; the Senator
from Wisconsin is ready to go on.
government op southern states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
eflicient government of the insurrectionary
States is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] as amended.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I rise
to plead for what I believe to be the life of the
Republic, and for that spirit which gives it
life. I stand here also to answer for myself;
because, foreseeing and resisting from the
beginning what I knew must follow as the
logical consequences of the adoption of certain
fundamental heresies originating in Massachu-
setts, and of which the honorable Senator upon
my right [Mr. Sumner] is the advocate and
champion, I have been for more than eighteen
months denounced in my State by many of my
former political associates and friends. For
foreseeing these logical results whieh have
now come, which are now pending before this
Senate in the bills which have come from the
House of Representatives, for denouncing them
in advance, for asserting to the people of Wis-
consin over and over again that yielding to
these fatal heresies would of necessity dissolve
the Union and establish concentrated military
despotism, I have, I repeat, been most se-
verely denounced throughout the State of Wis-
consin and elsewhere. That denunciation has
been carried to such an extent as to culminate
at last in resolutions of the Radical Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin instructing me to resign my
seat in this body.
I say, therefore, Mr. President, first, that I
stand here to-day to plead for the life of the
Republic, and to plead for that spirit in which
it lives and moves and has its being, and with-
out which it is dead already; and second, to
answer for myself because 1 have been plead-
ing for it with all the power that God has given
me for the last two years in my own State, in
this Senate, and elsewhere. If I shall on this
occasion give utterance to deep and earnest
convictions ia strong and earnest language
Senators will understand it is with no disre-
spect to them. It is because my soul is filled
with sentiments which language can hardly
utter. Never, sir, in my life, though I have
stood in many trying situations and have often
risen here to discuss grave questions, have I
felt the weight of responsibility whieh rests
u])on me now. Never was there a time in my
life when my heart could go up and ask
Almighty God to grant me the power to give
utterance to the truth as it goes up now.
Sir, let us look into the measures now pend-
ing. No such measures were ever before pre-
sented in the American Congress. What are
they? Call them by what name you will, they
arc, in substance, a declaration of war against
ten States of this Union. They are nothing
more; they are nothing less. We know that
the rebellion has been suppressed. We know
that every armed soldier of the rebellion from
the Potomac to the Rio Grande has surren-
dered his arms and pledged anew his allegiance
to the Constitution, the Union, and the flag.
We know that there is not one armed soldier
against this Republic throughout the whole of
our vast domain. We know that in these ten
States civil governments in form, and in fact,
have been reestablished by the voice of their
people, and that, with all the machinery of civil
governments, they arc in full operation. We
know that peace has been proclaimed by the
authorities of this Republic, pursuant to the
acts of Congress conferring that power. In all
the States of this Union peace has come.
But, sir, what do these bills propose ? They
propose open, direct war on every form of
civil government within these States. They
propose to supersede and annul them all, and
take from the people, and all the people, in
these States, all voice in the power which is to
govern them. The bayonet, and the bayonet
alone, in the hands of the soldier is to be the
law of these ten States. A11 resistance is to be
overcome ; the States are to be taken into mili-
tary possession; and all civil authority sub-
jected to the bayonet. That is war. Suppose
we should propose to do that to the neighbor-
ing territories of Canada; that, by act of Con-
gress, wo should send our troops there, take
the judge from the bench, the jury from the
box, remove all civil officers, disrobe them of
all authority, and subject them to martial law—
in one word, should we make the bayonet in
Canada the only law npon which life, liberty,
and property depend, would not that be war?
No man can doubt that w.onld be war; nothing
more nor less than war. These propositions
now pending, by whatever specious name they
may be called, are declarations of war and
subjugation against ten States and eight mil-
lion people.
Now, Mr. President, upon what ground is
war thus to be declared on these ten States
and on these eight million people? The first
ground is because they have "not accepted the
constitutional amendment whieh was submitted
for their acceptance or rejection by Congress
at the last session. Let us look for one mo-
ment at the logic of this proposition. You
have submitted to them for their ratification
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which you say—and that is probably
true, at least of several of these States that have
taken action—they have rejected it; and there-
fore you have a right to make war. What is
implied in submitting a constitutional amend-
ment to those States for ratification or rejec-
tion? It implies that they have the power to
ratify it or reject it. How can that power be
exercised? By their Legislatures. It cannot
be exercised in any other way under the act
of Congress which submitted the amendment,
because in so many words it submits this prop-
osition to the Legislatures of the several States.
And yet gentlemen now say they have no
Legislatures, they are not States at all, they
arc merely disorganized provinces, conquered
territory, subjugated, overthrown. And yet
the very constitutional amendment which you
submit to them, and for rejecting which you
propose to declare war against them, implies
of necessity that they are States, and that they
have the power either to accept it or reject it.
If they have no power to reject, why go to war
with them because they have rejected it ?
What logic is there in that? If you admit that
they have the power to accept, they of necessity
have the power to reject. And if they have
Legislatures capable of accepting or rejecting
they have valid State governments, and Con-
gress has no more power to impose or force
a constitutional amendment upon them than
upon the State of New York.
Look at it, Mr. President, in any point of
view. We have heard of the coup d'etat of
Napoleon, and when the question was sub-
mitted whether Napoleon should be Emperor
of France word was given out to the French
people, " You are free to vote as you please,
but you must vote for Napoleon as Emperor
of France or you will feel the power of the
bayonet." This proposition now made by
Congress to the States of the South is substan-
tially that if you vote for this amendment
you have the liberty to do so, but you haye no
liberty to vote against it; if you do we shall
put the bayonet to your throat, and hold it
there until you do accept it. That is guaran-
tying to them a republican form of government
with a vengeance 1 That is a mode of ratify-
ing an amendment by the people under a re-
publican form of government in the States
from which even Louis Napoleon could take a
new lesson. What, sir, compel them at the
point of the bayonet to vote for the constitu-
tional amendment, when by submitting that
amendment to their vote you recognize them
as free States with power as freemen to accept
it or rejcct it! If they are States with power
to vote on a constitutional amendment at all
they are States under the Constitution for all
purposes, and Congress has no right to impose
any condition upon them. Congress has no
right to say that these States shall not have
their rights in this Union under this Consti-
tution.
And yet this is precisely what you say. You
say these States shall never have any repre-
sentation under the Constitution as it is. You
say to these States there must be a new Con-
stitution before you can have any right of rep-
resentation. If you ever have any rights in
this Union it must be under some other
Constitution—some now Constitution—some
amended Constitution ; but under the Consti-
tution whieh our fathers made, you shall never
have any representation whatever. That is
