678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
is to be referred in a great measure to the
existence of that system. No country in the
world could get on without the power to adopt
it; nor, as I believe, without exercising that
power from time to time, as the exigencies of
every country would require it to be exercised.
The States before the adoption of the Consti-
tution had undoubtedly the power, and that
power consisted in their authority to legislate in
relation to commerce and their authority to, lay
duties. When the power of regulating com-
merce between the United States and foreign
nations.waaconferred upon Congress, and from
its very.nature became exclusive of-the same
powjer in the States, and when the power to
levy duties was vested in Congress with no
limitation at all except that of requiring them
to be uniform throughout the United States,
the States ceased to have that power. If there
is no authority under either of these branches
of power to protect the domestic industry of
the country the result would be that it cannot
be protected at all.
But X agree with my friend from Maine that
the protection may be carried to a very mis-
chievous extent, and that that is particularly
the case in the existing condition of the coun-
try. We have now a debt of thousands of mil-
lions, and the greater portion of that debt we
have promised to pay in gold. The war made
it necessary for us to issue a currency not
redeemable in gold, and to make it available
in the discharge of individual debts and in the
discharge of Government debts, as between the
Government and its individual citizens'; but
the character of the Government—I mean its
character abroad—and the necessities of the
Government, when they were obliged to con-
tract loans, demanded, in order that they should
sustain the one and contract the other upon
better terms than they could otherwise do, that
they should promise to pay the interest of the
debt, and eventually when it should fall due
the debt itself in coin; and they have provided
that, for that purpose, the duties upon imports
shall be paid in coin. There is not now upon
our statute-book any other recourse which the
Government has to receive the coin with which
to pay its debts, unless you force it to go into
the market and buy it; and I do not suppose
that any Senator would desire to see the coun-
try in that situation.
The practical working of the system as it
now stands has been to satisfy the public cred-
itors, and to satisfy those who may wish to
invest their funds in the stocks of the United
States that the faith of the Government, as to
the mode of paying the debt when it matures
and the intervening interest, will be strictly
observed. We have now in the Treasury some
one hundred minions I believe of coin, and
we can go on from time to time to enlarge it
if it shall be necessary, and in that way to
prepare certainly the means of meeting our
engagements with the public creditors, and
eventually to enable us to return to a specie
paying currency.
If this bill, therefore, has the effect materi-
ally to reduce the revenue from imports, it is,
in my judgment, injudicious. Whether it will
materially reduce that or not I am not suffi-
ciently acquainted with the subject to say.
The Commissioner, to whose intelligence every
one bears testimony, and the Committee on
Finance of the Senate, who are known to us
to be familiar with the subject, think that the
passage of the bill in the present form will not
materially affect the revenue from imports.
If they are right in that judgment, and it is
not for me to say they are wrong, then the
danger in which the country would be involved
if the revenue from that source was materially
diminished does not exist, and that being the
case in their judgment, and I have faith in
their judgment, I shall support the present
tariff bill in its leading features.
There are some provisions in the bill which
do not meet exactly with my approval. I
do not mean those portions of the bill which
impose a tax upon foreign importation ex;
clusively, except only in relation to certain
articles. My friend from Ohio has, I think
properly, stated that in principle there is no
distinction between the labor which man em-
ploys in producing one commodity for practical
use and that which he Employs in producing
any other commodity for practical use. In his
State they raise sheep; and they are very
rapidly increasing in the culture of sheep.
The same thing is true of several of the west-
ern States. It it true, as we know, of the
State of Vermont. In order to make that
source of wealth remunerative it costs a great
deal of time and labor. If it be right in itself,
as I think it is as a general principle, to pro-
tect the commodity which the time and labor
of the manufacturer in the ordinary sense of
the term have bestowed on the manufactured
article, it is equally right and proper to protect
the grower of the wool whose time and labor
have been used for that purpose.
That is not the only commodity. In Mary-
land and in other States there is an article
which enters into the use of every family as
well as every manufacturer, more or less, finds
its way across the ocean on board our steam-
ers, that is produced through the time and
labor of the men who are engaged in it, the
miners. The wealth is almost incalculable,
or rather will be incalculable if the commodity
be reasonably protected; and in Maryland it
is to be found some three hundred miles more
or less from the sea-board. At the mine it
can be produced ready for shipment as cheap
as can the coal of the neighboring islands,
Nova Scotia, and other places ; but the diffi-
culty of getting to market because of its dis-
tance from the port of exportation to the rest
of the country is such as to require a very large
disbursement; and if our miners are brought
into competition without any protection at all
with the miner who has nothing to do in the
way of expense but to send his commodity
here on ship-board with little or no railroad
transportation, they enter in the market with
a competition which they are unable success-
fully to meet.
The anthracite coal of Pennsylvania requires
no protection. There is no anthracite imported
into the United States, I believe; certainly very
little if any; but there is a large quantity of
bituminous coal imported. Now, in the bill
as it passed the House of Representatives at
the last session the duty upon bituminous
coal imported was fixed at $1-50 a ton. This
bill proposes to reduce it to fifty cents. I
will not say that this will entirely destroy the
coal trade of Maryland and of West Virginia,
in which a very large amount of capital is in-
vested, but it will very materially injure it and
prevent that further development of that arti-
cle which is sure to be the result provided the
owner of the mine sees before him something
like a certainty of profit.
Now, it so happens that Maryland can, I be-
lieve, bring her coal to market so as to supply
the State of Delaware and perhaps the State
of Pennsylvania with her bituminous coal;
but she cannot go to New York or to Bos-
ton or any of the eastern cities and compete
with the foreign article, except at a sacrifice.
As I understand, under the present duty she
can se'l coal in the markets, including New
York and north of New York; but pass this
bill as it now stands, and that demand, as I am
advised, will be, if not entirely cut off, very
much diminished.
I am aware that the New England manu-
facturers (I do not speak of New England with
any view of disparagement) and all other man-
ufacturers would desire to have the duty upon
the imported article diminished, or, if they
could, entirely taken off, because it lessens to
them the expense of the production of the ar-
ticles which they are engaged in manufactur-
ing. But if it be right to encourage the New
England manufacturer so as to enable him to
compete with the foreign manufacturer, is it
not equally just and right to encourage the do-
mestic miner to enable him to compete with
the foreign miner? What reason can be given
for excluding the one from the benefit of the
protection and admitting the other? How have
the manufactures of New England grown up?
They have grown up under the benefit of the
protective system. What has been their ex-
perience during the last war? Foreign trade
being more or less entirely cut off they have
been making enormous profits. They stood in
need of no protection then. The papers of
the day which disclosed to us their dividends
from time to time told us that they were di-
viding twenty-five, thirty, forty, fifty, and as
high as seventy per cent. Nobody complained
of that. That grew out of the actual con-
dition of the country. " But the country now
is in a state of comparative peace, and as I
hope, is soon to be in a 3tate of actual peace
throughout all our limits. Our relations with
the European world are resumed, and now she
stands in need, as she says, of additional pro-
tection. I am willing to give it to her, perfectly
willing; but in giving her additional protec-
tion do not accomplish it in part by taking away
from us the protection which we have hereto-
fore had, and without which we cannot live
unl|ss we live in a lingering condition.
I£ is impossible almost for those who have
not studied the wealth which lies in the mount-
ains of Maryland and in West Virginia and in
Kentucky, and in several of the western States,
to compute the value of the coal mineral which
lies imbedded in their respective mountains.
All that is necessary to bring them into actual
operation, and to diffuse that wealth practically
among all the citizens of the United States, is
to encourage the miners to mine by holding
out to them a prospect that they will be com-
pensated for their labor; but the moment you
reduce the duties upon the foreign article to an
extent which will enable the foreign article to
sell at prices which the domestic article cannot
be sold for you break up the trade. Now what
material difference does it make to the New
England manufacturer; take the cotton or the
woolen manufacturer ? He wants to get coal
free of duty or almost free of duty. Why?
Because he can manufacture cheaper. That ia
one mode by which he is enabled to attain that
end. The other mode is that by laying a duty
upon the foreign article which he is engaged
in manufacturing you enable him to sell ad-
vantageously in competition with the foreign
article. The latter is all right. Why cannot
both be protected ? If the wool-grower is to be
protected why should not the grower, so to
speak, of the bituminous coal be protected ? I
think no sound reason can be given for the
distinction ; provided it be true, as we know it
to be true in point of fact, that the coal in the
state in which it is placed by nature is of no
value to anybody. Its actual value is in its use,
and its use "depends upon its being brought into
the market; and if you cannot bring it to market
so as to enable its owner to compete with the
owner of the foreign imported article, he lets
it lie in the mountains where nature placed it.
I have said thus much, Mr. President, not
because it is involved in the particular amend-
ment, but following the example set by my
friend from Ohio and my friend from New Jer-
sey I supposed myself at liberty, even upon this
amendment, to speak to the general question.
Now, upon the particular amendment I agree
with the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance that it is not advisable to adopt it
at this time. And as I am unable to give any
reasons for that opinion even as satisfactory to
my own mind perhaps as those assigned by the
chairman of the committee, I content myself
with saying in conclusion that I adopt, for the
reasons he states, that opinion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Asthont
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island [_Mr.
Sprague] to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Crcsw^ll,
Dixon, Fogg, Foster. Frelinghuysen. Harris. Howe,
Nosmith, Sprague, Stewart, and Wade—13.
