72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
. 39th Cons....2d Sess.
and more than talf the cost of all the iron pro-
duced in this country is food—if you compel
him to pay largely increased prices for cloth-
ing for his laborers ; if you add largely to the
cost of everything that enters into the elements
of his production, as a matter of course he can-
not compete with those who are not subjected to
similar burdens. It is not British or foreign
competition that produces distress among the
manufacturing interests of this country at this
time; it is the effect of your own laws.
The chief evil arises from a depreciated cur-
rency. The inevitable effect of paper money
is to advance prices far beyond the difference
between paper and gold, and indeed it is some-
times held to be one of the virtues of paper
money that it does advance prices and give
higher wages to labor. I do not wish now to
enter into an argument on that question; but
we know that the existence of paper money
does tend to raise the prices of commodities in
this country, and that the American manufac-
turer cannot, with paper money and with high
prices caused by your taxation, compete with
foreign productions. What, then, has he a right
to ask ? He has a right to ask that if your laws
impose upon him additional burdens, your laws
also should give him additional protection.
That is the claim made by these gentlemen,
and it is impossible to resist it. They gener-
ally ask that as your laws impose upon them
burdens caused by the war, your laws also
ought to make them a countervailing protec-
tion, so that they may stand on equal footing
to compete with the productions of foreign
countries.
It may be said, then, why not withdraw our
currency; why continue our present paper
money; why continue our internal taxation ?
I wish we could do so; but certainly it is now
impossible. If we could come back to-mor-
row morning to the specie standard, and re-
move all the taxes that we have imposed upon
our labor, we should all be glad to do it. I
suppose there is not a Senator within the sound
of my voice who will not admit that a specie
basis is the natural condition of trade; that for
a currency there ought to be something stable
and valuable which is made valuable by its own
weight and the labor necessary to produce it.
Every body admits that gold and silver are the
only real standard of value; that that which
regulates exchanges must be the production of
labor—something which can only be quarried
out of the earth by labor—something which
itself is labor personified. Gold and silver
are the product of labor in its most permanent,
convenient, and unchanging form, and is there-
fore the best standard of currency. But, Mr.
President, we were driven to the use of paper
money; we could not have carried on the war
without paper money. The circumstances by
which we were surrounded compelled us to
resort to these expedients; we had to adopt
a system of paper currency; we did the best
we could ; we could not have got along with-
out it; and I believe that every sensible man
who examines our affairs, whether he is a for-
eigner or a native, must admit that without the
free use of our credit, coined in the shape of
money, we could not have carried on the opera-
tions of the war, because we should not have
had a circulating medium with which to pay
our soldiers for their services, and to feed their
wives and children while they were away from
them. Our paper currency was a matter of
necessity, but the effect of that currency is to
raise the prices of commodities, the prices of
labor, the prices of food—to raise the price of
everything which enters into the articles of
American manufacture. It is necessary for
us to countervail that by some legal benefit or
protection.
, It is sometimes said, and I have often heard
the argument made, the foreigner has to pay
his duties in gold, while the manufacturer pays
his taxes in paper money, and also pays the
additional oost of labor in paper money, and
they say the difference betweeu gold and paper
money is a sufficient protection. That argu-
ment would be a very complete reply but for
this important fact, that the price of labor and
the price of commodities is far more advanced
than the price of gold. Gold is the cheapest
commodity in the market. The importer has
| the benefit of that condition of affairs ; he has
| a discrimination in his favor, because while
! the increased cost of American manufactures
j has gone up about a hundred per cent., the
1 price of gold is only about thirty-six per cent.
! above paper. To that extent the system of
paper money is a discrimination in favor of
the importer of foreign goods. That discrim-
ination was made manifest in its effects by the
enormous importation made during the past
year by the fact that when gold went down to
twenty-five importations increased, while the
prices of domestic commodities and of labor
did not materially fall during that time. While
gold went down from 200 to 125, the price of
labor was not materially affected. The large
demand for foreign and domestic supplies kept
up the market. The necessity of the case
compelled the manufacturer to pay these large
prices. He had no choice but to pay high
prices or close his shop. The result was that
he met a competition, not growing out of
foreign labor, but out of your own laws, which
prescribed currency for him and gold for the
importer.
I do not know that I have made myself un-
derstood ; but this is the real and leading rea-
son why it is necessary to give to the American
producer in all the different stages of produc-
tion some countervailing protection to balance
the effect of paper money.
Another reason is, that the system of internal
taxation which your necessities compelled you
to adopt throws upon the American producer
an enormous burden which the foreigner does
not have to bear. Take a shop or a mill in
Canada, along our frontier, where labor is one
• half what it is here : do you suppose an Ameri-
can producer can compete with the Canadian
manufacturer? More striking yet; take the
case of England, whereby a long system they
have reduced the cost of production to the
lowest possible limit, where by their system of
taxation they favor all manner of production,
where no tax is levied on any kind of produc-
tion, where the cost of labor is reduced and
yet the imposition imposed by the Government
amounts to but little, and where the manu-
facturer gets all his raw material free: is it
possible for the American manufacturer to
compete with the English manufacturer when
he has to contribute to $310,000,000 of inter-
nal taxation? It is impossible. We were com-
pelled by the necessities of the war to levy upon
nim directly a tax of five per cent, on his pro-
ductions ; we levy a tax of five per cent, on his
income ; _ we levy a large tax upon every ele-
ment which enters into the cost of his labor.
Indeed it has been estimated, and I think very
correctly, that the actual taxes upon American
manufactures, if you carry them out to their
remote origin, amount to about twenty per
cent, on the capital employed. Mr. Wells, in
his report, shows very clearly that the various
taxes levied upon cotton manufactures amount
to about twenty-two per cent, upon the capital
employed.
Is it possible for American manufactures to
be maintained, for American workshops to be
continued, unless the Government is willing
to give some protection against its own laws ?
Can the manufacturer pay these enormous
taxes upon the basis of paper money and yet
compete with the unpaid or insufficiently paid
labor in Europe, where the manufacturer pays
no taxes, where he has his raw materials free,
where every element is in his favor ? I think
it is impossible. If, therefore, we would protect
our American industry against our own laws
we must give the benefit of duties on foreign
goods commensurate with the imposition we
impose upon our manufacturers and thus ena-
ble them to continue the competition that has
J)een carried on for years.
It is not necessary for me to go into familiar
facts to show that the effect of domestic com-
petition is to cheapen the price of products.
Under the stimulus of our laws great numbers
of American manufactures have grown up
with a rapidity unexampled in the history of
any country. England was more than one
hundred years in building up her system of
manufactures. Ours have been built up since
1828. In 1828 New England was a mere com-
mercial community ; now she is manufactur-
ing. At the time when the great friend of
America, the Earl of Chatham, said that the
laws of England should be so framed that no
shoe-nail should be made in America we could
scarcely make one. We imported everything.
There was scarce a factory in America; and
so it continued, with but slight progress, for
fifty years. American manufactures took their
birth in 1828 under the heavy restrictive duties
of the tariff law of that year. Now they have
grown to amazing proportions, until American
productions by manufactures alone are ten
times the whole importations of this coun-
try.
I was somewhat surprised at the tables pro-
duced by my friend from New Jersey yester-
day, and especially the table prepared by Mr.
Delmar, showing that in 1800 the annual pro-
ductions of this country—agricultural, mechan-
ical, &c.—amounted to $6,700,000,000 in gold.
I thought it was pretty large, and I should like
to see the elements of Mr. Delmar's figures,
but he foots up $6,755,587,957. A large pro-
portion of these productions were in manufac-
tures which have been built up within the last
thirty or forty years.
It is manifest, when this enormous industry
is brought in competition with a different sys-
tem of labor, that if you impose -burdens upon
it in the form of internal taxation and in the
form of paper currency, you must give it coun-
tervailing benefits. Of the $310,000,000 of
taxes levied upon productions in the form of
internal revenue, about $170,000,000 is paid
directly or indirectly by manufactures. It i3,
true it is finally collected again from the con- '
sumer; but, as it is added to the price of the
commodity, the manufacturer must reduce his
price to compete with the foreigner, or he must
abandon the market.
Under these circumstances it is apparent that
the present rates of duty although very high,
higher than they have ever been before, must
either be increased or else there must be a
reduction in the price of labor in this country,
or there must be an increase in the price of gold.
I think we have tried the last experiment very
well. I do not believe an act of Congress can
affect the price of gold. I do not think it can
or will or ought to affect it. Then, unless
you give to the American manufacturer some
increased protection against your laws, the
immediate effect will fail on the great mass of
the people in the price of labor and the price
of food. They will have to pay these large
internal taxes with less daily pay, and the re-
sult will be we shall have distress, complaint,
not repudiation, I_ know, but dissatisfaction
with your laws. While goods are flowing into
this country in great quantities from all the
countries of the world, the products of' foreign
industry, our own industry is being depressed,
our manufactures broken down, our shops shut
up ; and thus you will have dissatisfaction and
discontent. The only way, in my judgment, to
meet it is to give them, by your legislation, pro-
tection equivalent to the taxes you impose upon
them and the effect of your currency. Whether
the Finance Committee have done this or not
is for the Senate to say. I do not wish to go
into the details. If I observed the general scope
of the tariff bill, as reported by the* committee,
there is an advance of duties of about ten per
cent, on the cost of imported goods that como
