1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Oonness,Cowan,
Edmunds,Fessenden,Henderson,Hendricks, Johnson,
Kirkwood,Morgan. N orton,Ramsey,Riddle, Sumner,
Trumbull. Willey, Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Bavis, "Boolit-
tle, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Howard, Lane, McBou-
gall, Morrill,Nye,Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the' amendment was
rejected.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
Mr. Sprague, which was to strike out lines
thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six,
thirty-seven, and thirty-eight of section six of
the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
and in lieu of them to insert:
On jute, flax, hemp, coir, or cocoa-nut matting
and carpeting, six and a half cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On mats and on matting, not otherwise specified, of
the same or other exclusively vegetable materials,
six and a half cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply remark
that all the duties in this section have been
framed with reference to each other, and unless
we are going to adopt all the amendments of
the Senator it is not worth while to adopt any
of them. This jute and cocoa-nut matting is
a very coarse article and comes in competition
with nothiug produced in this country. We
do not raise acv jute here. We have put the
duty very low on the original article, and these
are predicated somewhat on that. I hope the
Senate will not, unless they see very good
reason for it, change the duty which we have
reported. It is as much as the article will
bear.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
Mr. Sprague, which was to strike out from line
forty-one to line fifty-one of section six and
insert:
On threads, patent threads, saddlers' threads, shoe
threads, gill-net thread or gill-net twine, pack thread,
and sewing-machine thread, and all other threads,
twines, and yarns, single and when advanced beyond
single, made of flax, hemp, or jute, or the tow of flax,
hemp, or j ute, valued at thirty cents or less per pound,
five ccnts per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem; valued at over thirty cents
and not over sixty cents, ten cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem:
valued at over sixty cents and not over one dollar per
pound, fifteen cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five percent, ad valorem; valued at
over one dollar per pound, twenty cents per pound,
and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CHANDLER. I see no reason why
the product of linen should not receive the
same protection that the product of cotton
does. There is no country on earth where
flax can be raised so cheaply and so abun-
dantly as this country. It is grown now to a
very considerable extent for the seed alone,
and the fiber is thrown away., while we are
importing millions of that same fiber which is
thrown away, at an enormous expense to the
nation and very little benefit to the Treasury.
The cotton product has been protected until we
can now successfully compete in some depart-
ments with foreign productions; though ia the
finer classes of goods we cannot yet compete
with the foreign product; but from flax we
produce nothing. I believe there is no suc-
cessful manufactory of flax now in operation
in the United States. I think the argument of
the Senator from Rhode Island is conclusive
that the product of flax should receive the
same protection that the product of cotton does.
There is not a State in the Union that cannot
produce any quantity of tons of the raw mate-
rial of flax, and aside from the difference in
the value of labor we can manufacture it as
cheaply in this country as anywhere else. But
with the enormous prices we have now to pay
—and I thank God we are enabled tcfpay good
prices to our laborers—we cannot compete
with the foreign production.
• Now, the question is, whether we shall
smother this infant enterprise or whether we
shall grant it the same generous protection we
grant to other branches of manufactures. I
really hope that the Sanate will review its judg-
ment in this matter, and vote with the Senator
from Rhode Island to give the same protection
to flax manufactures that is given to cotton
manufactures in this bill. I shall therefore
vote for this amendment; and I hope the Sen-
ate will reconsider the vote by which they
rejected the previous one. -
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say that cot-
ton thread of the corresponding class has a
duty of forty cents and thirty per cent, ad va-
lorem, and silk thread sixty percent, ad valorem
by the provision of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that
we have capacity enough to raise flax, and I
have no doubt that even the Senator from
Rhode Island does not desire any change in
the duty on flax itself; but with regard to this
point if the Senate are disposed to throw away
the evidence that has been received on the
subject and the statement of the large majority
of the manufacturers themselves as to what
would be ,satisfactory to them, on the mere
statement of the opinion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, they can do so. I can
only say that the matter was so very thoroughly
examined, first by the Commissioner on testi-
mony, and then by the committee, that they
made up their minds definitely; and I do not
know what is the use of committees at all in
reference to these matters if their judgment on
the evidence they take is to go for nothing. If
the Senate choose to adopt this amendment
they had better revise the whole of section six
and impose large additional duties, which the
majority of the manufacturers say are not ne-
cessary, and which will undoubtedly, as we are
informed, prohibit the importation altogether
and cut us off from all revenue from this
source.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator tell me
what the revenue now is from linens?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The extent to which
this amendment goes is to make a new classi-
fication, so as to place the duties we imposed
on fine thread apply to thread of a coarser
fabric.
Mr. JOHNSON. My question is, what is
the present revenue from these articles?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is more than I
can tell you.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not about seven
million?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot now say. I
hope the Senate will not change the duties as
they are fixed in this section.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if the manufacturers of flax
are satisfied with the rates imposed in this
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I state from the Com-
missioner that he had the manufacturers of
flax before him in large numbers, and that a
large majority of them said these duties were
OaflOTQ fit
Mr. CHANDLER. In the first place we
have no fine manufactories of flax in the
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those who were in-
tending to manufacture—those interested in
the subject-matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Commissioner may
have fallen in with some who professed to be
satisfied, but my judgment is that the men with
whom he conversed were importers and did
not intend to manufacture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's judg-
ment is undoubtedly better than the opinions
of all these gentlemen.
Mr. CHANDLER. My judgment is based
upon actual knowledge that we produce im-
mense quantities of the raw fiber of flax: we
raise it for seed and export the seed in bulk
and in seed-cake, and throw away the fiber be-
cause we do not furnish a sufficient protection
to our own manufacturers to induce them to
work it up, and they allow it to rot. Inasmuch
as there are no manufacturers of the finer fibers
of flax in this country and very few of the
coarser, I must say that I doubt whether the
Commissioner has consulted the manufacturers
of flax.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think that the
argument offered in favor of this proposed
amendment, derived from that part of the tariff
imposing duties upon articles manufactured of
cotton, is a very sound or logical one. .We have
been urged to impose a high tariff upon manu-
factured articles to protect the capital employed
in the business and to furnish employment for
laborers. Now, there is a vast amount of cap-
ital, as I understand, engaged in manufactur-
ing cotton in the United States, and a very
large number of people are employed in that
business, and when you impose a tariff upon
fabrics manufactured of cotton you protect that
capital and you protect that labor. But it is
acknowledged by those who advocate this
amendment'that there is very little capital
engaged in this business at this time, and very
few persons employed, and the object of the
amendment is to impose this high duty upon
the consumers before the country can satisfy
the demand.
Under these circumstances it seems to me
that a reasonable tariff—and the one that has
been reported by the committee is regarded as
reasonable—one sufficient to enable this busi-
ness to start, is all that should be asked. To
impose a tariff now as though the business in
the country could supply the demands of the
country, it seems to me, would be imposing a
burden upon the consumers which they ought
not to bear. The articles upon which it is pro-
posed to increase this tariff are articles that are
used in the manufacture of our shoes, articles
that are needed for universal consumption,
articles that are needed by all sorts of people.
While I am in favor of a reasonable protec-
tion to all kinds of manufacturing in the United
States, I contend that we ought not to lose
sight of the vast mass of people who consume
tnPQP drtiplpc!
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator states truly
that there is but a very small amount, if any,
of capital invested in the manufactures of flax
in this country; but, sir, if we ever intend to
have capital invested in those manufactures,
we must protect them in their infancy. After
you have a large amount of skilled labor and
a vast amount of capital invested in any given
manufacture, they are more able to compete
with foreign capital and foreign skilled labor
than the infant manufactures are. The imports
of flax now amount to a great many million
dollars. It is perhaps next to cotton in the
amount that we import, and we import the
whole, and permit the raw material, more than
enough to manufacture all that we consume,
to rot because we will not protect the infancy
of our manufactures in flax. That is the true
state of the case. This is perhaps a sufficient
duty for our revenue; it may be all that we
require for that purpose; but it is not a pro-
tection to the manufacture of flax in its infancy.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Mich-
igan is very much in error on the point that he
has twice presented, or else I am, as I have
some knowledge from individual experience in
this matter of flax. He has said that the flax
is permitted to rot in America:
Mr. CHANDLER. The fiber.
Mr. CONNESS. The fiber, for want of
protection. Not so, Mr. President. It is only
fit to rot because it is used for the purpose of
obtaining seed from it. The fiber is worth
nothing for the purposes of the manufacture of
linen after it has ripened its seed. Flax for
linen manufacture is always pulled in the green
state, then rotted, then dried, then broke, and
then hackled and prepared to be made thread
of; but when it is allowed to ripen for the pur-
pose of obtaining' a crop of seed it_ is of no
value for the purpose of making linen. In
proof of that I have but to state that Iroland,
the great place for the manufacture of linen,
where they excel in that manufacture, does not
frow its own seed. They are large producers of
ax, but they do not grow their own seed. They
pull their crop before it ripens or produces
seed; and in America the seed is raised for the
Irish flax-seed, and has been for fifty years, and
exported. I shall not discuss the question as
