1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
this great crisis; not for Wisconsin alone, but
for the whole United States; not for one State
and one million people, but for thirty-six States
and more than thirty million people.
Mr. President, in my character as a Senator
of the United States, I am called upon to
speak, to act, and to legislate for the States
of the South as a part of the United States ;
for the eight or ten millions of our fellow-citi-
zens of the South, but who are now, in my
judgment, in violation of express law, in vio-
lation of the Constitution, and the spirit which
gives it life, denied all right to choose repre-
sentatives under this Constitution for them-
selves by this majority in Congress ; my oath
to support the Constitution makes it my duty
to speak and to legislate for them, within the
powers granted by the Constitution, as well as
for the people of Wisconsin and the twenty
millions of my fellow-citizens of the North, the
Bast, and the West.
Mr. President, I proceed to inquire, in the
second place, if any such power existed in the
Legislature as the power claimed to instruct
me to resign and to make it my duty to with-
draw from this Chamber, upon what grounds
do they claim to exercise that power, and thus
to sever me from my duty and from my alle-
giance to the United States?
First, they say because of disobedience to
the instructions of a former Legislature. Sir,
at the last session of Congress I gave my rea-
sons for not obeying those instructions. They
are just, and, in my opinion, unanswerably
true. I leave them upon the record where
they now stand, and where they will stand
forever, as the full vindicatiop of my course
in this body.
Second, because they allege I have re-
nounced my former professions and princi-
ples, and have placed myself in active antag-
onism to them, and have united my political
fortunes to the enemies of the ilepubiic. In
short, sir, they charge that I am a traitor to
my principles and a traitor to my country.
Mr. President, this charge so gravely made,
involving, as it does, not only my public, but
my private life, I cannot suffer to pass unno-
ticed. It might move me to the deepest indig-
nation against the men who make it did I not
know, as sure as the sun shines in Heaven, it
to be utterly false and without the shadow of
foundation. As it has been placed, however,
upon the public journals of Wisconsin, and has
been forwarded here to be placed among the
archives of this body to remain forever, I deem
it due to the truth of history, due to the Senate,
due to myself, and due to my children, to whom
the only legacy I expect to leave is the fair
fame of an honorable man, that I should briefly
state my relations to great political questions
and my relations to political parties.
It will be observed—and I desire all the world
to take notice, by gentlemen here as well as
elsewhere—that in my whole political life my
allegiance to certain great principles has always
been paramount to my allegiance to any party.
It is known to all that I was reared from my
youth up in the great Democratic-Republican
school of Jefferson and Madison. In 1817,
when the party in power under Mr. Polk sought
to extend slavery into'the Territories just
acquired from Mexico, I left a powerful and
dominant majority in the State of New loi-k
to unite iny fortunes with a minority against it.
In fact, sir, 1 drew and offered in the Demo-
cratic convention of that great State the cor-
ner-stone resolution" upon which the hree
Soil party was organized in 1848. H°n-
David Dudley Field, from the city of iNew
York, seconded that resolution m a powerful
speech. It was called familiarly "Fields
resolution," for he was then known to fame,
arid I an humble youth. You all remember
the result which followed that organization.
General Cass was defeated; General Taylor
was elected. In 1849 the discovery of gold
deposits in California filled that Territory with
a large free population. That cut the gordian
knot which the statesmen in Congress ciDuld
not untie. In 1850 California was organized
and admitted into the Union as a free State.
That admission settled forever the question of
slavery in the Mexican Territories.
In 1852, upon the basis of that settlement,
the division in the Democratic party was
healed. General Pierce was accepted as the
candidate of both wings of that party, and was
elected President. In the canvass no question
in relation to slavery was made between him
and his great competitor, General Scott. Their
platform upon that subject was the same. In
1851, the year before that canvass came on, I
removed to the State of Wisconsin, and acting
once more with the Democratic party upon the
basis of that settlement I gave my support to
General Pierce.
In 1854, however, in violalion, as I under-
stood them, of the pledges of 1850 and 1852,
the Missouri compromise was repealed. That
repeal reopened the slavery question. It again
divided the Democratic party. It brought on
the troubles and the civil war in Kansas,
which became the forerunner if it was not the
cause of that terrible civil war from which
we have just emerged. In 1853, the year after
General Pierce's election, I was chosen as
judge of the first judicial circuit of Wisconsin.
Of course while acting as a judge upon the
bench I made no public speeches upon any
political question ; but in conversation with
the men of all parties I denounced that repeal
from the moment it was proposed. With Ben-
ton and Houston and Truman Smith, and
hosts of others, I saw, or thought I saw, noth-
ing of good but everything of evil in that fatal
measure.
By that repeal Kansas and Nebraska were
opened as a battle-field to the introduction of
slave labor or free labor just as their first
settlers each for himself should determine. It
was the beginning of strife. It was in fact a
challenge passed and accepted between the two
systems and the two sections to the dreadful
wager of battle. Each rallied its forces. The
struggle came. It began in fraud. It ended
in blood. It brought on civil war. The
slavery propagandists by force and fraud first
subjugated the Territory of Kansas, and as the
triumph of their victory enacted the slave code.
In March, 1856, I resigned my position as
judge and returned to my profession. During
all that year the fearful strife went on, Congress
remained in session until late in autumn.
There was a long and earnest struggle between
the House andtlieSenate. Byauamendmentto
an appropriation bill the House insisted upon
a substantial repeal of that slave code. The
Senate opposed it. At the same time a presi-
dential election was pending: upon the one
side Buchanan, sustained by the Democratic
party and backed by a powerful majority in
the Senate; upon the other, Fremont, sus-
tained by the Republican party recently organ-
ized and a feeble majority of the House. The
Senate remained inexorable and determined
to sustain that slave code with the whole power
of this Government. The House at length
yielded. The Senate triumphed. That tri-
umph sanctioned and assumed the responsi-
bility of the border-ruffian invasion, the sub-
jugation, and its victorious fruits, the slave
code of Kansas. , .
From that moment I determined to do all m
my power to undo that great and inexcusable
wrong. I once more withdrew from a domin-
ant majority in the wrong to give my support
to a minority in the right. I espoused the
cause of that minority with the frankness and
earnestness inseparable from my nature, with-
out which I should cease to be myself. I was
not then insensible any more than I am now
to the appeals nor to the denunciations of
political associates and friends; and yet I
could not be moved by them to smother my
inmost convictions. My heart was filled with
indio nation at the folly and the wrong done by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, the
war which followed, and perhaps even more
by the indorsement by a dominant and over-
bearing majority in the Senate of the L mtea
States of the slave code of Kansas. S^r, i
eould no more restrain the utterance of my
sentiments then than hold coals of fire in my
bosom. They demanded they would have,
and they did have free utterance. I would not
restrain them if I could; I could not if I would.
It came as the outpouring of the spirit comes.
It came with an abiding faith in man and truth
and God, which denunciations cannot shake
nor dangers appall. It came with an assur-
ance of that faith which the soul feels when it
leans on the Almighty for its strength. Sir, it
does nbt become me to say more. I could not
say less under the degrading imputations which
are sought to be east upon me, that I have be-
trayed the principles which have guided my
life and for which I would lay down that life.
Much to my personal regret there was no
Murphy to report those utterances. Except
as they are imperfectly stored in the memory
of my countrymen they are lost to me forever.
But, sir, the doctrines which I then avowed
in 1856 everywhere in Wisconsin and through
the whole North I still believe with all the
fervor and all the earnestness with which I
believe in my religious creed.
In the winter following 1857 I was first elected
to the Senate, and took my seat here in March.
From that time my course here is known to all
the members ofthisbody. Mistakes I have some-
times made; errors from insufficient examina-
tion, from want of proper judgment, and some-
times from acting, as we are all compelled to
do, upon opinions of committees where we
have not opportunities to examine for our-
selves ; but, Senators, you will bear me wit-
ness that upon every important question I
have brought to its discussion, if not great
ability, an earnest desire to find the right and
the courage to be true to my convictions.
My course here was well known and approved
by the people of Wisconsin and the Legislature
of Wisconsin, which reelected me in 1803.
I come now to speak more particularly upon
those questions upon which my course has been
denounced.
First, as to my course upon the civil rights
bill. From the time my attention was first
seriously called to that bill by the able speech
of Mr. Bingham in the House of Representa-
tives, after the bill had passed this body, I
became satisfied that some of its provisions
were clearly unconstitutional. I have never
doubted it; I do not doubt it now. His mas-
terly speech on that bill was conclusive. In-
deed, sir, because the civil rights bill was
unconstitutional,* with him originated in the
House of Representatives the first clause of
the pending amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, which is for the purpose of
making the civil rights bill constitutional.
So far as that bill takes from the State judi-
ciary and transfers to the Federal judiciary the
protection of the private rights of the citizens
of the several States who were not emancipated
by the constitutional amendment—I mean the
free white citizens in those States it is clearly
a usurpation on the part of Congress of the
reserved rights of the States. So far as it sub-
jected State judges and State Legislatures to
be punished as culprits and criminals in the
courts of the Federal judiciary for acts done
in their official capacity, that civil rights bill
is a degradation unbearable upon the States of
this Union. Whenever it_ comes to be dis-
cussed, when times of passion and excitement
are over, in the tribunals of great judges or
before the tribunals of a dispassionate people,
it will meet with universal execration and con-
demnation as a usurpation upon all the rights
reserved in the States, and a consolidation of
unlimited power in this Government over the
private rights of the citizens. What, 1 asi,
should be thought of a law of Congress, and
what will be thought of this law of Congress,
when considered by the people of vv isconsm,
when it assumes to arraign before the lederai
judge the district judge at Milwaukee, the
judges of the supreme court of Wisconsin,
and the members of the Legislature for their
official acts? . . .
But, sir, I do not propose to go into that
