1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
39th Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
into competition with our own manufactures.
It may vary more or less ; but I believe that is
the general proportion—an increase of about
ten per cent.
Now I come to apart of this bill which is the
only one which induced me to engage in this
discussion, and that is the proposed duties on
agricultural products. Here there is a con-
flict of interest between-agricultural and man-
ufacturing industry, or at least there was sup-
posed to be, but I believe there is not and
ought not to be. The manufacturer generally
looks upon everything he has to buy as a raw
material, and everything that he has to sell as
a finished product. The revenue commis-
sioner has fallen into the same error, and he
calls wool a raw product. Wool is not a raw
product to the farmer, though it may be to the
manufacturer, because to the farmer it is the
completed product of his industry. So of the
cereals, wheat, flaxseed, rye, barley are'not
raw materials to the farmer, but they are raw
materials to the manufacturer who consumes
them. They are the result of labor ; they are
the complete product of the labor of thefarmer.
His raw material is his land and his labor, while
his product is wool, wheat, barley, &c.
Mr. President, if you ever attempt, in the pres-
ent condition of affairs, to levy your duties on im-
ported goods so as to give to the farmer no pro-
tection against competing labor, you will do an
act of gross injustice, and such a tariff as that
cannot be enduring. We very well know that
the great body, I believe four fifths, perhaps
five sixths, of our people, are engaged in agri-
culture. They usually, on account of the weight
and bulk of their articles, do not retjuire any-
thing like the protection that other industries
do, because the very bulk of their products
gives them an advantage in the home market.
But if they are compelled on ordinary articles
of their production to compete on equal terms
with the cl^ap labor of other countries they
will naturally be dissatisfied.
How do you maintain the doctrine of protec-
tion in a tariff? You say to the farmers, "Pro-
tect our industry, build up our manufactures,
and we will start shops in your neighborhood
and consume your products; we will give you
the benefit of a home market." That is all
very well and very plausible, and it has induced
the great body of the farming community in
this country to be what are called protectionists.
Ohio, which was always an agricultural State,
was a protectionist State, and the farmers were
probably as much so as any other class. Why?
Because they believed that by building up man-
ufactures in this country they would have the
benefit of the home market. But if a manu-
facturer in Rhode Island who consumes a mil-
lion pounds of wool, after he has got the benefit
of all the protection he wants on his woolen
goods and has raised the price of them to the
farmer who has to buy them, turns around and
says, "I can buy my wool cheaper in South
America, and I am therefore opposed to any
duties upon your wool, because it is a raw
material," you will find that the farmer will be
discontented. He will not be satisfied, and he
will not be put off with any such reasoning.
You must extend the doctrine of protection to
everything that is made up by labor, and you
cannot stop short of it. If wool is a raw article
to the manufacturer, so is cloth a raw article
to the tailor. If you will not give us protec-
tion to our products we will give you none to
yours. The principle is correct as to wool or
it is wrong as to cloth.
In ordinary times protection is not necessary to
the farmer, because with all the advantage he
possesses in a rich soil and cheap land he can
compete with similar products of any other
country. Our agricultural industries do not
often want protective duties and have rarely
called on Congress for them ; but now when
the prices of all commodities are raised upon
him by high extraordinary prices, he has a
right to demand and does demand that the
same principle of protection should be ex-
tended to him as to other industrial interests.
I wish in this connection to make some ref-
erence to the report of Mr. Wells on the ques-
tion of wool, and I do it with sincere respect
for the author of this report, because I know
from personal observation that he is not only
industrious and able in the discharge of the
duties imposed upon him by law, but I believe
he is as well qualified from his experience and
intellect to discharge that duty as any man in
the United States ; but at the same time in
regard to some interests that affect my own
constituents he has fallen into many errors.
He is opposed to the proposed increase of
the duty on wool, and has supported his opin-
ion with all the reasons that can possibly be
given, and he bases it .mainly upon the asser-
tion that every cent added to the duty on wool
costs the consumer of the wool $6,000,000,
and therefore that a duty of ten cents a pound
would add to the cost of the wool and woolens
consumed in this country some sixty million
dollars. There is a great deal of fallacy in this
mode of reasoning. Suppose you were to apply
thatj principle to another protective duty. Sap-
pose we should turn round to the iron men and
say, "Here, your duties on iron add to the cost
of all the iron produced in this country the full
amount of duty, and the consumer has to pay
that additional value, and all this costs the
people of the United States too much." If
that is the mode of reasoning there is an end
of all protection. You must show that all
classes of the community get the benefit of this
principle or you must abandon it altogether.
You cannot maintain that it is a hardship for
the wool interest to demand protection any
more than the iron or other interests. Take
the case of cotton manufactures, the duties on
which are fixed in this bill at from fifty to
sixty per cent. Undoubtedly to a consider-
able extent these duties are added to the cost
of the articles to the consumer; and I might
make a formidable array of figures to show
that in order to sustain the manufacturers who
are the constituents of my friend from Rhode
Island the people of Ohio are compelled to
contribute out of their pockets a number of
millions of dollars. That would not be a fair
mode of argument, and yet it is precisely the
mode of argument with which we are met in
regard to the duty on wool. It is strange that
the manufacturing interests, who have been
maintained by protective duties, should resort
to free-trade arguments when the agricultural
interest demands a far less rate of prohibition
than has been given to them.
But there is an element of error in the com-
putation itself as well as in the principle of
the computation. The commissioner without
giving us the basis of his computation, de-
clares that there are one hundred and seventeen
million pounds of woolen goods manufactured
and consumed in this country and that there
are imported thirty-three million pounds of
woolen goods. He thus puts the whole amount
of woolens consumed in this country at one
hundred and fifty million pounds. Then he
says, as it takes four pounds of raw wool
imported into this country to make one pound
of woolen cloth, therefore the amount of wool
consumed in this country must be six hundred
^million pounds. That is an absurdity. The
Iargest.amount of importations of foreign wool
into this country in one year was never over
eighty-four million pounds, and the average
is about sixty millions; the largest clip of
wool ever grown in this country, and that was
last year, was one hundred million pounds,
while the average is eighty millions; showing
but an aggregate of one hundred and eighty-
four million pounds or enough to make forty-
six million pounds of cloth instead of one
hundred and seventeen million pounds. _
What is the use of taking a computation of
this kind in the face of plain, palpable facts ?
The wool imported in the form of woolen goods
I leave out of view, because the computation
is that one hundred and seventeen million
pounds of woolen goods aside from those im-
ported are consumed in this country. That
would show a production of wool here amount-
ing to about four hundred and sixty-eight mil-
lion pounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say to
my friend that these figures are taken from the
estimates made by the wool men themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Mr. Wells has
fallen into a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have read the orig-
inal report. That does not make it quite so
much ; he makes it more than they do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care who makes
the computation, nor do I think the wool-
growers did make it. The wool-growers never
pretended, and no one I have ever seen pre-
tended that the clip of this country was over
a hundred million pounds. It is generally esti-
mated at an average of eighty-four or eighty-
five millions, while the highest quantity of
wool ever imported into this county was but
eighty-four millions, and the average but sixty
millions. Two years ago it was only forty
millions, and last year eighty-four million
pounds were imported, the highest importation
ever made.
Let us examine the reasoning upon which
the commissioner bases his estimate. He says :
" The number of sets of woolen machinery or scri as
of cards employed in the United States, reported to
tho Wool-Manufacturers' Association in October,
1865, was forty-one hundred, consuming 2,252,545
pounds of scoured wool and substitutes for wool per
week; but theso returns, it was stated, did not prob-
ably indicate more than three fourths to four fifths
of the sots then in actual operation."
Upon a statement that in a certain week in
October the amount of consumption in the
woolen factories, then driven to their extreme,
was so much, and then multiplying that by
fifty-two we have the basis of the computation.
That is a very insufficient mode of reasoning.
I have no doubt that the duty on wool will add
somewhat to the cost of tho wootfens con-
sumed by the people of the United States. To
what extent it is difficult to say, because it is
very difficult always to estimate how much of
the duty will be paidby the importing merchant,
how much by the foreigner who raises the
wool, how much of it will be added to the con-
sumer, and how much of it will be cheapened
by the increased manufacture or by the in-
creased competition in domestic products.
These are unknown quantities about which
men may theorize as much as they c-hoose. [
take it though as a general principle, and r.li-
mit beforehand that every duty adds to the
cost to the consumer.
There is another statement here maile_ in
regard to this same matter "in which I think
the commissioner must have fallen into an
error, and I intended to call his attention to it
this morning. He endeavors to show that the
wool interest is a prosperous one; that the
growth of wool is a prosperous and profitable
branch of industry in this country, and he
quotes from a gentleman who is very highly
esteemed by the men engaged in this business,
Mr. Randall, who wrote a very good book
called the " Practical Shepherd." He quotes
from Mr. Randall, who says :
"How very striking is the fact that, during thirty-
eight years, [ending January 1.1SG2,] and with all the
disturbing causes to the wool market, there has not
been a single year in which the average price (42.8)
for the wool marked'medium,'would not noio pay
the actual cost of producing our heavy-fleeced Amer-
ican merino wools." * * * * "Of tho
production of how many other of our groat staples
of industry can as much be said?"
In this Mr. Randall says that the average
price they have received for their wool accord-
ing to statements up to a certain time was forty-
two and eight tenths cents per pound. Then
by a marginal note which comes in after the
word "now" there is a reference in the report
to September, 1866. Any one who would read
this report would suppose that Mr. Randall,
