1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
question any farther. I pass on at once to the
great question of reconstruction, which involves
Freedmen Bureau bills, civil rights bills, and
military bills. All bills are concentrated and
brought together in these two propositions now
pending, which abolish all the laws of those
States except the absolute will of the brigadier
generals, who are to be put in command over
the districts into which they are divided.
Mr. President, in 1862-63 Mr. Lincoln, with
the unanimous approbation of his Cabinet, all
of them earnest Republicans, brought forward
this much-abused policy of reconstruction,
called the presidential policy. It was based
upon two fundamental ideas: first, the exist-
ence of the States and of the rights of the States
under the Constitution in this Union $ sec-
ondly, that the governments of those States
should be left in the hands of the citizens of
those States who, by the constitutions of those
States, were entitled to hold it 5 that is, the
white male citizens of those States, embracing
all who had remained loyal to the Union dur-
ing the struggle, and all who having once
joined in the rebellion against the Union had
in good faith returned to their allegiance and
thereby once more become loyal to the Union,
with a few, a very few specified classes ex-
cepted.
These fundamental ideas controlled and
guided that policy. Neither Mr. Lincoln nor
any member of his Cabinet, nor more than two
Senators I believe in this body, the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] at that
time advocated reconstruction upon a basis
including negro suffrage. The bill of Henry
Winter Davis, which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives under his lead, and passed the
Senate under the able lead of the able Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] expressly confined
suffrage in those States to white male citizens
twenty-one years of age and upward.
I do not doubt, 1 never had the slightest
occasion to doubt, the sincerity of the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio in advocating and
in urging now what he repudiated then. I
doubt not the sincerity of more than twenty
other Republican Senators on this floor who
stood with mo then advocating reconstruction
upon the white basis, because they now go with
Jam over to the side of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and advocate his theory of recon-
struction upon the basis of negro suffrage and
white disfranchisement. I£e has a right to do
so if his convictions lead him there, and others,
as a matter of course, have a right to go with
him._ J honor any man who is true to his
convictions, however much he may differ from
inc. But what I do claim, and what I have a
right to claim, i.s this : if I have not also changed
my opinions, if 1 do not now go over with the
Senator from Ohio to join the Senator from
Massachusetts, if I still continue to advocate
reconstruction upon the fundamental ideas of
Mr. Lincoln's policy, no man or set of men in
this Senate or in the Legislature of Wisconsin
or anywhere else have the right to charge me
with being a traitor to my principles or a traitor
to my country.
Mr. President. I go further. I maintain lhat
I sland to-day upon the very ground occupied
by the National Union party in 1364 in renom-
inating and reelecting Mr. Lincoln. I stand
upon the very platform of the Union convention
of Wisconsin which nominated the present Gov-
ernor,^ and upon which he and the Legislature
ot 1866, which instructed me to resign, were
elected to power.
Nor have I abandoned those principles by
sustaining what I regard as substantially the
same policy^under the administration of Mr.
Johnson. Not to rely upon my own authority
alone, I read a masterly statement of the policy
of Mr. Lincoln and of Mr. Johnson, when com-
pared, by that able statesman, Governor Mor-
ton, of Indiana:
"Johnson and Lincoln Compared.—I propose for
a lew moments to contrast the plan of reconstruction
auopted by Mr. Johnson with that proposed by Mr.
Lincoln in 1803, and we shall find several very im-
portant consequences, at least so far as the public
mind is concerned, to flow from this comparison. Mr.
Lincoln, in his policy of reconstruction presented to
Congress in his message of December 8, 1863, pre-
scribed an oath of allegiance to be taken by those
who were entitledto take it underthe proclamation.
I propose to read that oath and contrast it with the
one which Mr. Johnson's proclamation requires. It
i is in the following language:
" 'I do solemnly swear, in thepresenceof Almighty
God, that I will heneeforth faithfully support, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
and the Union of the States thereunder; and that I
will in like manner abide by and faithfully support
all acts of Congress passed during the existing re-
bellion with reference to slaves, so long and so far as
not repealed, modified, or held void by Congress or
by decision of the Supreme Court; and that I will in
like manner abide by and faithfully Support all proc-
lamations of the President made during the existing
rebellion, so long and so far as not modified or de-
clared void bythe decision of the Supreme Court: so
help me God.'
"That is Mr. Lincoln's oath as prescribed in his
pioclamation. I will now read Mr. Johnson's oath,
and you will find it is more stringent than Mr. Lin-
coln's, inasmuch as he leaves out this clause: 'So
long and so far as not modified or declared void bythe
decision of the Supremo Court.' Mr. Lincoln's oath
was objected to because it was said it might perhaps
leave room for mental reservations. Retorting to the
action ofCongressandtheSuprcmeCourt, Mr. John-
son's oath says:
" 41 do solemnly swear, (or affirm,)in the presence of
Almighty God, that I will henceforth faithfully defend
the Constitution of the United States and the Union
of the States thereunder; and that I will in like man-
ner abide by and faithfully support all the laws and
proclamations which have been made during the ex-
isting rebellion with rcfcreaco to the emancipation of
slaves: so help me God.'
" Mr. Johnson required that oath to be taken, leav-
ing out tho provision Mr. Lincoln made, which was
said by many to weaken it. Mr. Lincoln excluded
certain classes of persons from the benefit of his
amnesty. I shall read in your hearing the classes
of persons whom Mr. Lincoln would not permit to
take the oath, nor havo the benefit of amnesty, ex-
cept as thoy might first receive special pardon from
him. They were:
4,,1. All who are, or shall have been, pretended
civil or diplomatic officers or otherwise, or domestic
or foreign agents of tho protended confederate gov-
ernment.
"'2. All wholeftjutlicialstationsunder the United
States to aid the rebellion.
" All who shallhavo been military or naval offi-
cers of saidprctcndcdconfcderategovcrnmcnt above
tho rank of colonel in tho army, or lieutenant in the
navy.
" *4. All who left scats in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to aid the rebellion.
'*'5. All who resigned or tendered resignations of
their commissions m the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States to evade their duty in assisting the rebel-
lion.
" All who have engaged in any way in treating
otherwise than lawfully as prisoners ot war persons
found in tlio United States service as officers, sol-
diers. seamen, ov in any other capacity.'
"Mr. Johnson, m his amnesty proclamation, first
makes the same exceptions that Mr. Lincoln does,
and in tho same language; and he afterward goes 011
to specify eight other clauses whom he excludes from
tho benefit of the amnesty, which I will read. I will
commeneo in Mr. Johnson's proclamations where he
leaves off quoting from Mr. Lincoln:
"'7. All persons who have been or are absentees
from the United States for tho purpose of aiding the
rebellion.
'"8. All military or naval officers in the rebel ser-
vice who were educated by the Government in the
Military Academy at West Point, or at tho United
States Naval Academy.
"'9. AU pei sons who held tho pretended offices of
Governors of States in insurrection againsttheUnitcd
States.
" ' 10. All persons who left their homes within the
jurisdiction and protection of the UnitedStatcsand
passed beyondthe Fedcial military lines into the so-
called confederate States for the purposo of aiding
the rebellion.
"'11. All persons who have engaged in the destruc-
tion of tho commerce of tho United States upon the
high seas, and all persons who have made raids into
tho United States from Canada or been engaged in
destroying the commerce of the United States upon
tho lakes and rivers that separate the British Prov-
inces from the United States.
"' 12. All persons who, at the time when they seek
to obtain the benefit thereof, by taking the oath
herein prescribed, are in military or civil confine-
ment or custody, or under bond of the military or
naval authorities or agents of the United States as
prisoners of war, or persons detained for offenses of
any kind, either before or after their conviction.
'' * 13. All persons who have voluntarily participated
in said rebellion, and the estimated value of whose
taxable property is over 820,000.
" '14. All persons who have taken the oath of am-
nesty as prescribed in the President's proclamation
of Decomber 28, or the oath of allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of tho United States since the date of said
proclamation, and who have not thenceforward kept
and maintained the same inviolate; provided that
special application may be made to the President
for pardon by any person belonging to the excepted
classes, and such lenieney will be liberally extended
as maybe consistent with the facts and the peace and
dignity of the United States.
The Secretary of State will establish rules and
regulations for administering and recording said
amnesty oath so as to insure its benefit to the people
and to guard against fraud.
"*In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States to be
affixed.'
"jib. lincoln's plan.
" So that Mr. Johnson hasrestricted from taking the
oath eight classes permitted by Mr. Lincoln, and so
far his plan is more stringent than Mr. Lincoln's was.
Mr. Lincoln, in his plan of reconstruction, declared
all persons should have the right to vote for delegates
to the conventions which might be called in the States
to form State constitutions who had taken the oath
prescribed by him, and who were lawful voters ac-
cording to the laws of the State in which they resided
before the passage of the ordinance of secession. Mr.
J9hnson has made precisely the same condition. Mr.
Lincoln provided for the appointment of provisional
governors, giving to them the power of calling State
conventions, with a view of forming State constitu-
tions, for the purpose of being received back into full
practical rel ations with th e Government. Mr. Johnson
did the same. Each required that the constitutions
thus formed should be republican in form. Mr. Lin-
coln put forth no requirement or condition that was
not equally contained in Mr. Johnson's proclamation.
Their plans of amnesty and reconstruction cannot be
distinguished from each other, excopt in the particu-
lars I have already mentioned, that Mr. Johnson
restricts certain persons from taking the oath, unless
they have a special pardon from him, whom Mr. Lin-
coln permitted to come forward and take the oath
without it; and in the further difference before men-
tioned, that Mr. Lincoln required one tenth of the
people of the State to show a willingness to take the
oath, while Mr. Johnson has said nothing whatever
about that. This was Mr. Lincoln's favorite policy.
It was presented by him to Congress on the 8th of
December, 1863, accompanied by a message. In the
course of the next year, 1864. on several occasions, Mr.
Lincoln distinctly presented again and again this pol-
icy of amnesty and reconstruction to the people of the
South. It was his settled and favorite policy at the
time he was nominated for reelection by the Union
convention at Baltimore last summer; and in that
convention tho party sustained him, and strongly
indorsed his wholo policy, of which this was a promi-
nent part. Mr. Lincoln was triumphantly and over-
whelmingly elected upon that policy, and soon after
his election, in December, 1864. in his last annual mes-
sage to Congress, he again brings forward this same
policy ofhis and presents it to thenation. Andagain,
on the 12th of April, only two days before his death,
he referred to and presented this policy of amnesty
and reconstruction."  
Thus it appears most conclusively that upon
these great, underlying, fundamental ideas they
were and are and always have been the same;
and by continuing to sustain them, whatever
gentlemen may think of the justness of my
course, I have been consistent with my avowed
principles and the principles upon which I have
stood from the beginning and from before the
beginning of this controversy.
Bear in mind, sir, 1 am not at this moment
arguing the question of the justice or the injus-
tice, the soundness or unsoundness of those
ideas. I am only showing their identity, and
that I have always sustained and have never
deserted them. When Congress unanimously
resolved, in 1861, that the whole purpose of
the war was not to destroy the southern States ;
was not to deprive them of representation nor
of the right of representation ; was not to es-
tablish negro suffrage or to interfere with the
right of the States for themselves to determine
the question of suffrage; but was to preserve
and defend the Union and the States, and the
rights of all the States in the Union, with their
u equality, rights, and dignity unimpaired," I
believed in those ideas and that purpose then,
and I believe in them now. Who has deserted
them? Who has abandoneclthem?
When Congress, in 186*2, apportioned bylaw
Representatives among the States, including the
southern States as well as the northern States,
by a law which now remains in force unre-
pealed upon your statute-book, and which gives
the States of the South just as much right to
Representatives in that House as it does to any
State in the North, I believed in those ideas
then, that they had a right to representation.
I believe in them now. 1 have not abandoned
them; I do not expect to abandon them.
When Congress again declared, in 1862, and
repeated the declaration by an amendment of
the same law in 1863, that whenever the people
in those States should elect a loyal Legislature,
who would take aa oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, the President
should be authorized to declare the fact in a
proclamation to the country, I believed in their
right to return to their allegiance then, and
their right to have representation when they
