1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
thirty and forty cents. Now, sir, foreign salt
is in direct competition. The great bulk of
our freight is from the United States to Europe.
Vessels actually pay for the privilege of taking
salt as ballast on their return trip. I am so
informed. It is so on the lakes. They pay
for taking salt as ballast from Buffalo and Os-
wego to Chicago as high as sis cents a barrel,
because they have no freight; and I am im-
formed it is the same on the ocean. My friend
from New-York [Mr. Morgan] will assure you
—and" he has been engaged in this very trade
himself—that the freight is solow that if freight
is* charged at all it will be merely nominal.
You come in direct and immediate contact
with the pauper labor of Europe, and it is all
labor, without even freight as your protection.
Now, sir, this duty is totally inadequate, and
yet, as the committee had recommended it, I
was Willing to submit to it; but if it is touched
at all, I give notice that I shall try my utmost
to increase it to a fair protection, which will
be thirty and forty cents per one hundred
pounds.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator
from Michigan is right in his claim, it seems
to me that the system which we have of raising
money, either by internal revenue or by duties
at the custom-house, needs an entire and thor-
ough reform and change. He says that prior
to our present difficulties, salt could be manu-
factured in Michigan at a profit, if I mistake
npt, at seventy-five cents the barrel; and now,
at two dollars the barrel it cannot be manu-
factured.
Mr. CHANDLER. Without loss.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I mean without
loss; and that, Mr. President, on an article
which-under all circumstances is agreed to be
an article of necessity for the whole country.
Our system of taxation has run a barrel of salt
which could be manufactured at a profit at
seventy-five cents up to such a rate that now it
cannot be manufactured without loss at two
dollars. I say, if that is the situation of our
tax system, internal and external, il needs up-
rooting ; the people cannot live under it; it is
perfectly certain they cannot live under it; and
the sooner we ascertain it the better, ana 
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me a single moment?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same thing holds
good of" iron. I bought myself hundreds of
tons of iron at twenty-four dollars a ton a few
years ago, that cannot to-day be produced for
forty-eight dollars. The same thing holds good
of everything else. On the articles produced
in your own State of Connecticut you came
here and demanded for them suitable protec-
tion; and now, when-we ask a suitable protec-
tion on our salt, after you have been protected
in your manufactures, you say the system is
bad. The system is bad on your part as well
as on ours. If it is bad in one place it is bad
all over.
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt, Mr. President.
Salt, however, is manufactured in Connecti-
cut, I will inform the honorable Senator, to a
very considerable extent; and I know not
whether my constituents would think I was
favoring their interest in moving this reduction
in the duty on salt or not. I am satisfied that
it is a necessary thing to be done; and I am
not attacking a western interest any more than
1 am attacking an eastern interest. Here are
the honorable Senators from Massachusetts.
I would inform the honorable Senator from
Michigan that the eastern coast of Massachu-
setts is pretty largely engaged in the manufac-
ture of salt. The gentleman has heard of
Cape Cod. There is quite an amount of salt
manufactured in that interesting locality; and
in other portions of Massachusetts ana along
the coast of New England there is a large
amount of salt manufactured. The honorable
Senator is entirely hasty when he thinks, that in
my own estimation at least, I am attacking- a
western interest. I disavow an^ such purpose
in the first place, and the fact is- entirelythe
other way in the next place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Salt is manufactured
very largely in Now York.
Mr. FOSTER. And New York, which I
suppose the honorable Senator does not count
an extreme western State; he hardly speaks
of it in that complaisant way as he does when
he talks abouth the great Northwest, as part of
the great Northwest—I suppose New York is
about as largely interested in salt manufacture
as almost any State.
Mr. HOWE. New York is a suburb of the
Northwest.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin says that New York is a suburb of
the Northwest. Well, that is an honor for New
York to have arrived at. He must settle that
with the honorable Senators from New York.
Mr. President, T am not aware of being
actuated by any local or sectional feeling in
this matter. It seems to me, from what is said
on all sides of the Chamber, that there is a
necessity first of all upon us that we should
reduce the cost of living. There is no greater
necessity now in this country than that we
should reduce the cost of subsistence. If any
man can name anything more required than
that I should like to know what it is. Now, to
reduce the cost of subsistence, I submit that
we begin properly by reducing the price of salt
directly. The honorable Senator proposes to
raise the price by putting the duty at thirty or
forty cents per bushel in order to protect home
manufactures. Mr. President, there is danger
lest home manufacturers should get protected
to death. That^is the greater danger to-day in
this country; not that the home manufacturers
will not have protection enough, but that they
will be protected so that they will be extermi-
nated. The greater danger is in that direction
to-day, and unless we can so vary our system
as to make the cost of living in this country
less than it is now it is as idle to talk of pro-
tection and of prosperity to our business, they
will soon be unknown in the United States of
America.
Sir, f do not", I cannot, believe that the man-
ufacture of salt in this country, where, as the
honorable Senator says, it can be manufactured
so cheaply, requires a duty of two hundred per
cent, to protect it. The honorable Senator
talks about' eastern manufactures to be pro-
tected. I ask him what article manufactured
in the State of Connecticut, except salt, has a
protection at all to compare with the protec-
tion on salt to-day, which- is over one hundred
and- sixty per cent. ? The most skilled and
intelligent labor of Connecticut, where the
workmen are paid three and four dollars a
day, is not to-day protected by a duty of forty
per cent. This is more than four times as
much; and yet the honorable Senator says it is
impossible for them to manufacture salt with-
out a four-fold increase of duty. I trust, sir,
that this duty will be reduced, not because it is
a western interest, for I was quite hesitating
whether I was not attacking a home^ interest,
but if it were it would make no difference,
because as I believe we have got to begin by
reducing the cost of living, and unless we begin
there our attempt to protect the labor of the
country will be quite idle. We shall protect
labor best by making subsistence cheaper; and
unless we can make subsistence cheaper we
may cover our laborers and their employers
over with the mantle of protection, but it will
be certain death to both.
Mr. CHANDLER. I congratulate the Sen-
ator upon his tremendous stride in reducing
the cost of living, and I have no doubt the
country will congratulate him and thank him.
Each individual consumes per annum about
ten pounds of salt. The Senator proposes to
reduce the duty on salt six cents per hundred
pounds. Well, sir, he will save every man,
woman, and child in the whole United States
one tenth of six cents per annum. [Laugh-
ter.] This is a commencement, and with such
a tremendous start there is no telling how soon
we shall- get down the price of living. With
this wonderful start, I congratulate the coun-
try that something is really -going to be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Mich-
igan has anticipated one remark that I waa
about to make in reference to this proposition.
There is the same reason, as it seems to me,
for adding to the existing duty on salt thai
there is for increasing the tariff generally ; and
it seems to be admitted upon all hands that
there ought to be an increase of the existing
tariff. The argument which the honorable
Senator from Connecticut offers in this cage
applies with egual force to nearly all the other
parts of this bill. Those persons who are en-
gaged in the manufacture of salt in the United
States appeared before the committee, as did
the men engaged in other pursuits which need
protection, and' represented that.their business
imperatively demanded an additional duty upon.
salt; that the business at this time was lan-
guishing ; that a large amount of capital had
been invested in the manufacture of salt; that
the business employed a very large number of
people ; that in consequence of the importa-
tion of salt under the existing tariff many of
the works that had heretofore been engaged
in the manufacture of salt were idle; the cap*
italwas unproductive, and hundreds-and-thou-
sands of laborers were in that way thrown out
of employment. They made such representa-
tions to the committee as induced the commit-
tee to believe—and some members of the com*
mittee had personal knowledge as to some of
the facts—that there was as much reason why
the great business of manufacturing salt in the
United- States should be protected as Why any
other great business should be protected.
It is true that salt is an article of universal
consumption, and it ought to be cheap, and it
is cheap, and will be cheap under this tariff
when you consider the price of the article.
As has been suggested by the Senator from
Michigan, the consumption of the article by
each individual amounts to so little that this
tariff will add imperceptibly to the burdens of
each consumer in the United States. It is-
different from many other articles produced in
the United States upon which additional duties
are imposed. Where an article is of great ne-
cessity and_ costs a large amount when pur-
chased, there a large addition to the tariff or
any addition to the tariff is made sensible to
the consumer; but when you consider that
each individual in the United States consumes
only about ten pounds of salt, then this addi-
tional duty affects his interest very littlo while
it protects a great manufacturing interest of
the United States..
It was suggested by the Senator that less
salt had been imported in 1864 and 1866 than
prior to that time.
Mr. FOSTER. I said at the port of New
York.
Mr. WILLIAMS. At the port of New YoA.
That is true, I suppose, of all or nearly all ar-
ticles of importation, that there was less im-
ported during those years than prior years
because the condition of the country interfered
with the business of commerce. That argu-
ment, it seems to me, has very little force so
far as it applies to this article, no more than it
has application to other articles. The state-
ment that he has made is sufficient Evidence,
it seems to me, as to the cheapness of salt in
foreign countries where a whole ship load costs
only $8,000. That argument of itself is suf-
ficient to show that the manufacturers of salt
in the United States cannot compete with those
who produce the article in foreign countries
unless they are protected. This is a large busi-
ness. It is not confined to any one State; it
is a business that extends into various States
of the Union ; and the simple question is,
whether this business, in which there is so
much capital invested, and which employs so
many people, shall be abandoned; or whether,
like the manufacture of cotton, of linen, and
of iron, it shall be protected- ia the same way.
It seems to me we ought to do justice by all
interests. If we protect one interest we should
protect another. Give every interest a reason-
able protection, and then you put them ail
upon an equ«4 footing.
