1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Baker.
Ho. op Reps.
advantage of these Governments except in one
case. One of our adventurous Yankee coun-
trymen imported a cargo of clocks into Eng-
land. They are made here for less than any-
where else. When they reached the custom-
house the proper officers, not being accustomed [
to Yankee clocks, thought they were under-
valued and seized the whole cargo and sold
them, paying the importer his own price and
allowing him ten per cent, profit. This was
so rapid and favorable a sale of ati American'
product that another cargo was sent at the same
valuation. The officers seized them, too, but
the market was already supplied with Yankee
clocks, and as they were not really undervalued
the second cargo was released and no one was
harmed.
This device has been applied in many cases
both in England and France with great advan-
tage. The Committee on Finance have there-
fore introduced into the bill a provision some-
what similar to the English regulation, except
that the English law, where the goods sell for
more than ten per cent, in addition to the val-
uation, allows the custom-house officers one
half of the excess. The Committee on Finance
thought it best not to insert that feature, for the
present at least, until the system was tried.
The section contained in this bill authorizes
the custom-house officers, in the case of un-
dervaluation to the extent of ten per cent., to
teize the goods as the property of the United
States and sell them. If the importer com-
plains about it he is paid at his own value, and
ten per cent, allowed him for profits and for
expenses of importation and sale.
With these general observations I leave this
bill. Although some portions of it do not meet
my views, and I shall probably vote for modi-
fications ; yet I believe the bill as a whole will
he beneficial. The bill of the House, in my
judgment, was defective in several important
particulars. In the first place, it reduced the
duties on some articles more than we can bear
by throwing off half the duty on tea and coffee.
Another objection to the House bill was that
in many cases the rates of duty were made so
high as absolutely to prohibit importation, and
consequently to utterly destroy the revenue
from certain branches of industry. The pres-
ent bill, founded upon Mr. Wells's bill, but
very materially modified by the Committee on
Finance, will give every industry of the coun-
try a fair and reasonable protection. It will
not reduce the aggregate revenue from manu-
factured goods, but it will secure a reasonable
competition between the foreign and the do-
mestic producer. From the statements made
to us I believe that under it every industrial
interest of our country can be prosecuted with
reasonable success under favorable circum-
stances, and yet at the same time there will be
such a competition between the foreign and
domestic producer as to yield us a fair revenue
on imported goods.
Nor am I alarmed by the statement made by
my friend from New Jersey yesterday, that the
amount of goods imported into this country was
the enormous sum of $305,000,000. We have
got to import goods in order to get revenue,
and when I reflect that $305,000,000 is only five
percent, of the magnificent production he shows
we have annually made in this country I do not
think we need be frightened at the amount of
imported goods. We cannot entirely break up
the importation of goods without surrendering
our revenue. We dare not do that. The ne-
cessity rests upon us of raising $140,000,000
of gold revenue. We must not, therefore,
materially affect the trade between foreign
\ countries and our own. All that our own peo-
ple can ask is, that such reasonable protec-
tion shall be given to them that the effect of
our currency laws and our system of internal
taxation shall not operate injuriously to their
interests, but that they may have countervail-
ing protection against the operation of our own
laws.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JEHU BAKER,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 17, 1867.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 543) to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights-
Mr. BAKER said:
Mr. Speaker : I rise for the purpose of indi-
cating to the House some reasons why, in
my opinion, the pending bill should not be
adopted in its present shape, but should be
referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
The subject-matter of this bill and of the
pending substitute is of a character the most ;
important that can be brought before the Amer-
ican Congress, and it ought therefore to be
thoroughly and exhaustively considered ; and
all experience has shown that an able and well-
composed committee is the most proper body
for giving due consideration in the first instance
to important measures of legislation.
I am not at all satisfied with the bill in its
present form, and although there are many
large questions collaterally connected with the
measure now before the House into which I
might illogically enter, I shall confine myself
rigorously to a mere statement of my objec-
tions to this particular bill, as reasons why it
should not be adopted but referred for more
mature consideration by the committee. I will
read the preamble to the bill, which is as
follows:
Whereas the eleven States which lately formed
the government called the "confederate States of
America" have forfeited all their rights under the
Constitution, and can be reinstated in the same only
through the action of Congress.
Now, sir, I object to the phraseology of this
preamble, in that it employs the term govern-
ment" without qualification or restriction as
applied to the lately revolted States. The word
"government" is the term used for a valid,
legitimate Government. When such a Govern-
ment is not meant we qualify with some adjec-
tive, as "so-called" government, "pretended"
government," or, better still, de facto" gov-
ernment. I am unwilling to imply in a public
statute, even by the remotest intendment or
allusion, that the so-called " confederate States
of America'' had ever the slightest valid exist-
ence as a legitimate " Government."
The preamble further asserts that these re-
volted States have forfeited all their rights under
the Constitution of the United States._ Now,
I am not prepared to say I agree to this prop-
osition without qualification. I understand
that it is the duty of this Government to guar-
anty to each of these revolted States a State
government republican in form. And if it is a
constitutional obligation upon this Government
to thus guaranty a republican State government
to each of these States, then I would really sup-
pose it is their right to receive such a govern-
ment. The obligation to guaranty appears
necessarily to involve the right to receive the
benefit guarantied.
Further, sir, I suppose the word "State"
includes the people thereof as a part—certainly
a very important part—of its contents \ and I
am of opinion that the people of each of these
revolted States have, under the Constitution of
the United States, the right of petition. And
in my opinion they have the iurther right to
occupy the legal status of citizens of the United
States in the most general sense of the term
citizen. This I put first upon the general
fround that the Government of the United
tates is their sovereign. Sovereignty over
these people is based on the necessary assump-
tion that they are subjects or citizens of the
sovereign Power and owing it allegiance. The
two things are inseparable. But, secondly and
in a more particular sense, we have in the
most solemn manner recognized them as citi-
zens. At the last session of Congress we pro-
posed to the States of this Union the adoption
of an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, the first article of which pro-
vides that '' all persons born or naturalized in
the United States, and subject to the jurisdic-
tion thereof are citizens of the United States,"
&c. Now, sir, the terms of that amendment
cover those persons who have engaged in
armed revolt against the United States. They
were born in the United States; they are sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United States;
and it results by force of the first article of the
proposed amendment that they are citizens of
the United States. Furthermore, the first sec-
tion of the civil rights bill—in substantially the
same words—declares these people to be citi-
zens. I am not therefore prepared to say, in
an absolute and unqualified sense, that they
have no rights under the Constitution.
I find myself compelled also to take serious
exception to the second section of the bill of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
Tens.] It is in these words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State
governments now existing de facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and in many in-
stances the constitutions were adopted under duress
and not submitted to tho ratification of the people,
and therelore are not to be treated as free republics,
yet they are hereby acknowledged ns valid govern-
ments for municipal purposes until the same shall bo
duly altered, and their legislative and executive
officers shall be recognized as such.
By the operation of this section, the moment
this bill passes and becomes a law these re-
spective de facto State governments, estab-
lished under military power, and not valid
unless recognized by the legislative department
of this Government, become that instant valid
State governments for municipal purposes, long
before the scheme of reconstruction contem-
plated by the bill is effectuated. And let me
observe that; for reasons foreseen or not fore-
seen, this scheme though passed here might
never be effectuated ; and then we should find
ourselves in the awkward position of having
recognized in advance as valid for all State
purposes these respective military governments.
Having once so recognized their validity it
may be possible that that recognition might be
retracted ; but I desire to impress it upon the
House that there would be very great difficulty
in taking back what we had once declared in
due form of law upon such a subject. I sug-
gest that -the wiser course would be that this
recognition of these de facto governments as
valid, retrospectively, should be postponed to
such time as the scheme of guarantying loyal,
civil, constitutional governments in their stead,
may go into practical effect; and that to recog-
nize them in advance would be to incur the
danger of further embarrassing the whole sub-
ject by the logical consequences of our own
illogical procedure.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BAKER. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I find that the second sec-
tion of my substitute is objected to. My ardent
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] on yester-
day made great objection to this second section.
Now, if it is going to offend any brother I am
willing to modify my substitute so as to leave
out that second section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to modify his substitute before any vote
is taken. And if no objection is made, he can
do so at this time, although the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bakeu] is entitled to the tloor.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVEN'S accordingly modified his sub-
stitute by striking out the second section.
I am also compelled, sir, to take exception
to the third section of the bill, which is as
follows:
Sec. 3. .1 lui be it farther cnacted, That each of the
ten States which were lately in rebellion, and nave
not been admitted to representation in Congress shall
hold elections on the first Tuesday ot May, lso7, to
