1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
I believe in truth. It is eternal, for it is born
of God.
" Truth crushed to earth shall rise again."
I believe in the resurrection and tlie life of the
great truths upon which the Republic and civil
liberty depend. In this Government and under
this system of ours, with a Federal Govern-
ment for general purposes, and with State gov-
ernments to defend local rights and interests,
liberty, equality, and fraternity between the
States and all the States under the Constitution
in this Union are essential to that life. If that
equality of the States, if that liberty of the
States, if that fraternity of the States is to be
trampled under foot by the consolidated, usurp-
ing powers of Congress overriding the Consti-
tution, then, sir, the Republic is gone—forever
gone; anarchy or empire has come.
If during all this straggle, and under all
this load of obloquy and denunciation, I had
ever for one moment doubted the wisdom and
the justness of the course I have pursued in
opposing the ideas w&ich underlie the revolu-
tion now going on, and which day by day and
every day is bringing us nearer and nearer to
the brink of absolute consolidation, to be sus-
tained by unlimited military despotism, all
doubts are now removed. The last report
from the Reconstruction Committee, the two
bills from the House of Representatives lying
upon your table and pressed for immediate
action here, have removed the last vestige of
those doubts, and have made to my vision the
course I ought to pursue as clear as the path
of the sun in the heavens.
Sir, there is no longer room for me to doubt
the truth of what J told the people of Wiscon-
sin: that to adopt the ideas and follow the
lead of those radical men was to dissolve the
Union, drive the southern States out of the
Union, abolish all constitutions and all civil
governments in those States, and reduce those
States and the people of those States to abso-
lute, unqualified military despotism, of all
forms of human government the worst that
was ever conceived. In my opening speech at
Janesville, in reply to the unwarrantable at-
tacks upon me, I told the people of Wisconsin
there what I now repeat: that those ideas, if
adopted, would culminate, as they are now cul-
minating, in their legitimate, natural, inevita-
ble results—in that result which we now see—
a proposition t-o establish, accompanied by
a threat to push it through this Senate in
twenty-four hours from the time it is pro-
posed, concentrated military despotism. Sir,
I need no other vindication for the course I
pursued in Wisconsin, nor for the course that
I have pursued here. That vindication is full,
ample, and overwhelming. I told them also
that if Congress should follow the lead of*
these men, and insist upon universal negro
suffrage as a condition-precedent to admitting
those Slates to representation, it would be a
revolution ; it would be virtually abolishing the
rights, the independence, and the equality of
the States under the Constitution. Both of
these ideas have culminated here at last.
They have reached their logical results. They
are embodied in the two pending measures
from the House.
Mr. President, I ai-raign these measures and
denounce them before the country and before
the civilized world, because they overthrow
the Constitution of the United States in ten
States of the Union ; because, instead of guar-
antying a republican form of government,
they establish a military despotism in each of
those States, with absolute power of life and
death, without any appeal beyond the uni-
formed gentleman who, under the title of brig-
adier general, holds the life, liberty, and prop-
erty of every man, woman, and child, black
and white, at his absolute control. Great God!
has it come to this, that in this age, in this coun-
try, a republican people and a pretended Re-
publican party shall propose to establish such
a dictatorship, such a despotism as this?
"0 Judgment, thou art fled to brutish boasts,
And men have lost their reason."
I arraign these measures further as an open
abandonment of all practicable reconstruction
by Congress after all its professions. I say
"practicable," for I will refer in a moment
to the proposed bill for the reorganization of
Louisiana. For two long years Congress has
debated and abandoned the various prop-
ositions from various men and various com-
mittees. Members of Congress have lashed
each other; they have inflamed themselves;
they have infuriated the country North and
South. They made open war oh the Lincoln-
Johnson policy, boasting that they had a bet-
ter policy to come ; and that better policy we
now see. In fact, during all this time Con-
gress has had no policy; and what Wendell
Phillips said of this boasted policy of Con-
gress, claimed to be so much superior to the
Lincoln-Johnson policy, I fear has foundation
in truth. I have no disposition to wound the
feelings of any, and perhaps I shall not, by
substantially stating what he said: This pro-
posed constitutional amendment has proved to
be a cheat, a sham, a lie, a mere contrivance
to tide over the fall elections, a political plat-
form upon which to clect members of Congress
and inflame the war passions of the North, not
yet allayed, against the people of the South.
Even now, sir, that boasted policy is to be
abandoned; all reconstruction by civil law is
abandoned ; you turn it all over at last to a
brigadier general with the Army of the United
States. Some gentlemen see no danger in
putting despotic powers in the hands of a gen-
eral. Sir, how did the republic of Rome pass
from its republican condition to become an
empire? It was by passing from the power
of its consuls and tribunes to the power of the
general of the army—the imperator, which
simply means general commanding the army,
'flic name was not changed, but the thing
called empire, the embodied despotism, the
concentrated essence of despotism, was in the
power of the general of the army, the -impe-
rator. From his assuming imperial powers in
Rome tho general became an e'taperor. The
very name of emperor has been derived from
tho Latin word for general. Is there no sug-
gestion for all serious minds in this great fact?
I arraign these measures as an open, shame-
less confession before our country and before
the civilized world that republican institutions
are a failure; that republicanism, constitu-
tional liberty regulated by law, for which the
good men of all ages have longed and prayed,
which our ancestors fought and struggled for
and hoped they had obtained, with all that
longing, praying, hoping, and struggling, is
here, in the home of republican institutions,
in this land of liberty, in this Senate, in the
very house of its friends, after all admitted to
be nothing more than a terrible, bloody dream;
and that dream is over.
I arraign these measures as a stupendous
folly, equaled only by the more stupendous
crime contained in them against this age and
against civilization. No man, it seems to
me, can seriously believe for one moment
that thirty million freemen of the northern
States can deprive eight millions of their fel-
low-citizens of the South of all liberty, and
hold them in vassalage under absolute, unqual-
ified military despotism by a standing army,
and bo able to maintain republican liberty for
themselves and for their children. It concerns
not merely the South ; the South is wasted,
almost ruined and destroyed ; but it concerns
the people of the North more than the people
of the South whether we shall enter upon this
folly and crime.
But, sir, I arraign this Louisiana bill as
insidious, treacherous, and false. It pretends
to bring peace. It sows the seeds of eternal
internecine war. By disfranchising the great
majority of the whites and by extending uni-
versal suffrage to the blacks it will inevitably
lead to a conflict between the races. The idea
of white disfranchisement and negro domina-
tion is born of unforgiving hate and lust for
despotic power. If this Louisiana bill, as it
came from the House, should be adopted by
Congress and forced upon the people of that
.State by the Army and despotic power to back
it, thus to subject the white people of our own
blood, with our own history, Anglo-Saxons
fighting for liberty for a thousand years, and
compel them to submit to negro rule and negro
domination, it will produce such a horrible
state of things as no language can describe,
and which has never entered into the heart of
mati to conceive.
It was that idea above all others which
inflamed the people of New Orleans and goaded
them into that terrible riot. No language can
express my abhorrence and condemnation of
all riots, of all lawlessness, and of all crime.
I condemn that riot in the strongest and most
unequivocal" language; but, sir, the responsi-
bility for it rests upon that idea of white dis-
franchisement and negro domination. It was
that idea which inflamed the passions of that
people beyond control and beyond conception.
T only mention this fact to show how deeply
and how terribly all the passions of the human
heart are to be aroused and infuriated in the
State of Louisiana if you once adopt this bill
as it came from the House. Should it pass,
"sir, its title should be amended. It should
read: "A bill," not "to reestablish civil gov-
ernment," but "to organize hell in the State
of Louisiana." [Manifestations of applause
in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Sir, the men who,,made
the Constitution of the United States were
wise men: they were great men. When they
formed that Constitution it was proposed in
the Convention, while defining the powers to
be given to Congress, by one member that
Congress should have power to declare war
and make peace; but when they came to con-
sider the proposition they struck out the last
clause giving Congress the power to make
peace. Why did they do it? It is a signifi-
cant question. Bccausc they knew two things:
first of all that in the very nature of things the
making of peace is an executive duty, not
legislative. Making peace is the execution
of the law. When the laws are resisted, the
executive power wielding the sword over-
comes the resistance, and when the laws are
no longer resisted, but peacefully executed in
the tribunals of the law, peace has come.
Obedience to the law is peace. They knew
another thing: that of all bodies in the world
Congress with its three hundred members and
its three hundred different conflicting and
varying propositions was poorly constituted to
agree upon or settle the terms of peace. • The
wisdom of this conclusion of our forefathers
in framing the Constitution is fully justified by
the history of the present Congress, and its
efforts at making peace and agreeing on the
basis of reconstruction and the restoration of
tranquillity. A hundred propositions have
been made, debated, advocated, resisted, re-
jected. The Committee on Reconstruction
again and again has brought forward its prop-
ositions and abandoned them as impractica-
ble j and at last we come to what? Recon-
struction by Congress? Not at all; but recon-
struction by the sword ; reconstruction by the
General of the Army. Where is your boasted
congressional policy? Where is yourVisdom
so superior to what was proposed by Mr. Lin-
coln, the great chieftain of the Union party?
Mr. President, I know gentlemen may say
that if we confide to General Grant, who com-
mands the Army, all will be well. There is
no man in this body or out of it who entertains
for the General of the Army a higher or more
profound respect than I do; but, sir, I know
that this power of despotism should not be
placed in any hands, though an angel from
heaven could descend and take it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
with exceeding reluctance that I rise to break
the charm which has been produced by the
very able and eloquent speech of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin. It is not for me to
intervene between him and the members of
the General Assembly of his State. I hope,
however, he will pardon the suggestion that his
