1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
is not the first example where ingratitude has
been shown to a man who has faithfully served
a bad cause. He has told us that he once
belonged to the good old Democratic party.
He has told us how he strayed away from that
honored and honorable fold ; and he has told
us how he became connected with that party
which has filled your land with tears and made
every acre of your territory fresh with graves.
Sir, it is a fact that should rejoice the Demo-
cratic heart, that from the origin of that party
to the time when it ceased to control the polit-
ical action of this country no such grave
charges could be made against it as those
which a member of the Republican party, and
a faithful disciple of it, as he himself professes
to be, brings against the party to which he
professes to belong. ,
Having its origin in the early periods of
American history, when your population did
not number over five millions, nor your States
over some fifteen or sixteen, the Democratic
party never attempted to impose taxation with-
out representation. It never repeated the
offense for the commission of which our fathers
went to war with an. English king. It never
assumed to lock the doors of this Senate Cham-
ber against the representatives of ten States
of this Union or to keep from the councils of
the other House Representatives chosen by the
people. It never suspended or abolished the
writ of habeas corpus. It never suppressed
one newspaper. It never made one arbitrary
arrest. Faithful to the Constitution and care-
ful of the rights of the people, under its guid-
ance your country progressed in the short
period of sixty years to become one of the great-
est among the nations of the earth. Peace,
plenty, prosperity, and happiness everywhere
prevailed. In the short period of sixty years
you numbered thirty-four States and more than
thirty million people.
Sir, it never assumed to be wiser than the
fathers. Observant of their teachings, it heeded
the Charter of our liberties. It never turned
traitor to God and to Providence, and never
attempted to say that those whom God had said
were not and should net be equals should be
equals. The founders of that party were wise
men, prudent men, men of common sense.
When they looked forth upon nature and re-
viewed the handiwork of the Almighty, it never
occurred to them that equality was the law of
nature or of nature's God. They saw a differ-
ence in the majestic oak from the small sapling
by its side. They saw a difference in the roll-
ing of the mighty waves of the ocean and the
running waters of the little brook. They saw
a difference between the majestic animals that
rove your forests and the humble mole which
burrows in the ground. From nature's teach-
ings and from nature's works they learned that
the law of Providence and the law of God was
not equality, but inequality in diversity.
They looked out upon society and they
viewed the different races of men and they
learned the same lesson. When' they saw the
race to which we belong making every im-
provement in their condition which was possi-
ble to be made ; when they saw them com-
manding the lightnings of heaven and the
winds of heaven ; and when they looked upon
the humbler, inferio*iegro race, and saw that
throughout all the periods of the existence of
that race they had never made any such strides,
and that whenever left to themselves they were
to be found in the most abject ignorance, pov-
erty, and degradation, it did not occur to our
fathers that that race was meant to associate
with the nobler and superior race in the admin-
istration of the affairs of government.
It cannot be laid to the charge of that party,
as has been laid to the charge of the dominant
party in this Chamber by one of its own mem-
bers to-day, that in contravention of every
principle of civil and constitutional liberty it
sought to govern a free people by the arbitrary
will of an arbitrary military despot. No, sir;
the framers of our Government, who were the
fathers of the Democratic party, secured^ the
blessings of constitutional, civil liberty in a
written charter, which they swore to defend,
and which, while they lived, was honestly and
faithfully observed.
It cannot be laid to the charge of that party,
as has been charged upon this Republican
party, this "party of progress," this "party
of sublime moral ideas, "this party upon whose
advent to power happiness ana prosperity were
to follow, that they brought a bill into the two
Houses of Congress for reducing their own
race to the abject control and government of
an inferior race. Sir, go and search the his-
tory of the world; go read the history of any
civilized people on earth, and point me if you
can to a single instance where members of a
superior race have attempted to degrade their
own race into subjection to an inferior and a
lately servile race. Such an instance is not
to be found in all recorded history, and yet
such is the proposition which is made to-day
in the Senate of the United States.
What, sir; has it come to this, that you, the
descendants of honored, noble, revolutionary,
patriotic sires, make the open confession be-
fore the civilized world that you are incapable
of administering the affairs of Government with-
out the superior enlightenment of your colored
brethren ? Has it come to this, that negro in-
telligence and negro patriotism and negro loy-
alty are to be invoked for the preservation of
constitutional American liberty, and that, un-
less they are brought into participation in the
affairs of Government by this superior race
your Union is destroyed and your liberty gone ?
That is the confession which you are making.
Sir, allow me to say that if it were not for
the fact that I regard these few passing hours
as the most momentous in the history of my
country since theformation of the Federal Con-
stitution; ay, sir, more momentous than in
times of civil war, I would not stand up here to
utter one word upon the present occasion. I
have felt an indisposition during the whole
period of this session to mingle in the debates
of this body. Why have I felt that indispo-
sition? When I first entered this Chamber
eight years ago, peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness abounded everywhere. From the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific, from the British Possessions
to the Gulf, there was naught but joy and glad-
ness. No weeping Rachel then mourned for
her children because they were not. No aged
father then bent in sorrow over the fresh-made
grave of his first born. No shock of arms
resounded throughout your land. No public
debt of any amount burdened the industry of
your people. No attempt had been made to
degrade the race to which I belong, and to
make superior to me and mine that inferior
race which God in his providence never meant
should control white men, and which God
Almighty aud the valor of the American peo-
ple will see to it shall never govern them.
Mr. President, such measures as these must
have their origin in motives. I know of no
motives in which they could have their origin
but in three : the desire of gain, the desire of
power, or the spirit of revenge. I believe that
these measures had their origin in all three of
those unhallowed principles. What has been
proclaimed upon the floor of this Senate Cham-
ber by the advocates of this bill ? Allow the
southern rebels, as they are called, to vote,
and exclude the negro population, and they
will send representatives here and again be
the political party in power. That has been
unblushingly avowed upon the floor of this
Chamber as one of the controlling reasons for
the passage of these measures.
What do we hear every day? Biitcr, un-
relenting denunciation of men of high and
noble hearts; men who, for the vindication
of what they thought to be their rights, met
you in open, manly conflict upon the field of
battle; but when they conceived their cause
was lost laid down their arms, submitted to the
situation, and from that day to this have done
everything which even the President of the
United States or the Congress of the United
States has asked of them, save to adopt an
infamous proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution, which if they had adopted they would
have shown themselves unworthy of their sires.
"Rebels," "traitors," are the words. It is
well known to every gentleman in this Cham-
ber that I had no part in what is called the
rebellion ; my State did not link her fortunes
to those of the southern States which seceded;
but do you believe, sir, that the hundreds and
thousands of brave men and noble women who
gave their hearts and their all to the success
of that cause are any worse at heart than you
are ? Do you believe that they conceived them-
selves as rebels or as traitors and were deserv-
ing of a rebel or traitor's doom? No, sir.
The noblest spirits that this world has ever
produced or that God ever made have gone
into similar contests. There have been some
rebellions, as they are called, that have been
successful, and then their chieftains have be-
come heroes. Your own Washington was called
a rebel, and you are descended to-day from s,
race of rebels, for so your revolutionary fathers
were called and said to be. There have been
other rebellions which ought to have succeeded
and have not. I do not think that this which you
callarebellion ought to have succeeded ; butthe
fact that it did not succeed gives you no right
to impose terms upon their people greater than
they can bear, or to visit the consequences of
your vindictive passions upon them. In the
solitude of their own homes, I have no doubt,
there are many of them to-day who can hon-
estly exclaim with the poet:
" Rebellion! Foul, dishonoring word,
"Whoso wrongful blight so oft has stained
The holiest cause that tongue or sword
Of mortal ever lost or grained !
How mnny a spirit horn to bless,
Hath sunk beneath that withering namo:
Whom but a day's, an hour's success
Had wafted to eternal famo!"
Because, Mr. President, men may be engaged
in a course which I do not appro ^e? and seek
an object to the attainment of which I will lend
them no help, I will not come in to usurp the
seat of Almighty God and cast my thunder-
bolts of damnation upon the land of those I
judge to be my foes.
Sir, there is a little incident in Spanish his-'
tory that nobly contrasts with this spirit of
vindictivcncss and cruelty which is now being
practiced by the Congress of the United States,
and which I am sorry to say finds approval with
many of the American people of the North.
I will read it. It is a beautiful incident, and
we may gather lessons of instruction from it.
I read from a lecture delivered by a very able
historian of this country:
" Some centuries ago two kingrf were contending
for the Crown of Castile. I forget their names for the
present, but to facilitate tho telling of iny story, I
shall call one Alfonso and the other John. Alfonso
proclaimed of course that John was a usurper and a
rebel, and John returned the compliment. Well,
John at last defeated his rival, horse and foot, and
carried everything triumphantly before him, with
the exception of a single town which Alfonso had
intrusted to a stout old knight, called Aguilar, and
which after a long siege still remained impregnable.
'You have done enough lor honor,'said King John
one day to the knight, 4 surrender, and you fhall have
the most liberal terms.' 'If you bad. read the history
of your country/answered Aguilar, 'youwould have
known that none of my race ever capitulated.' 'I will
starve you, proud and obstinate fool.' 'Starve the
eagle, if you can.' 'I will put you and the whole
garrison to tho sword.' ' Try,' was the laconic reply,
and the siege went on. One morning, as the rising sun
was beginning to gild with its rays the highest towers of
tho belcagured city, a parley sounded from tho camp
of the enemy. The old knight appeared on tho wall
and looked down on the king below. 'Surrender,'
said John again ; my rival, Alfonso, is dead, and the
whole of Castile recognizes my sway as that of its
legitimate sovereign.' 'Sire, I believe you, but I
must see my dead master.' ' Go then to Seville,
where his body lies. You have my royal word that
I shall attempt nothing against you on your way, nor
against the city m your absence,' The kniglit came
out with banner flying and a small escort of grim-
visaged warriors. Behind him the gates closcd; be-
fore him the dense battalions of the enemy opened
their ranks, and as ho parsed along, slowly riding his
noble war-horse, shouts of admiration burst wide
and far from the whole host who had so often wit-
nessed hisdecds of valor, and tho echoes of the loud
and enthusiastic greeting accompanied him until the
red plume which waved over his helmet was out of
sight. He arrived at Seville, and went straight to
the cathedral, where he found tho tomb of his former
sovereign. lie had it opened, and after gazmgawhilo
with moist eyes at the pule face which met his look,
he thus addressed tho dead monarch: Sire, I had
