1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Mr, EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment on page 98, section eighteen, im-
mediately after the fourth line, by inserting:
AH books, maps, charts, and other printed matter
speciallyimported in good faith for any publiclibrary
or society incorporated or established for philosoph-
ical, literary, orreligiouspurposes, or for the encour-
agement of the fine arts, orforthe useof any college,
academy, school, or seminary of learning in theUni-
ted States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator to move to insert his amendment after
"bones" between the thirtieth and thirty-first
lines.
Mr. SUMNER. It would better come in
there alphabetically.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to' the
transposition of place. I merely followed the
old law in putting it in the place that I pro-
posed. At the suggestion of my friend from
Maine I will modify the amendment by striking
out the word "all" at the beginning of it, and
then proposing to insert it between the thirtieth
and thirty-first lines. The amendment merely
keeps the free list on this class of books just as
the law now is. It is a literal transcript of
the existing law, with the exception of the in-
troduction of the words "public library," it
being open to some possible doubts whether,
under the phraseology without that, city and
town or county libraries would come within
the exemption provided.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator has drawn
his amendment much larger than I hoped he
would draw it, and in its present shape I must
certainly object to it. He includes all books
imported for the use of schools. That would
destroy all the publishing interests in the coun-
try pretty much. If he were to specify libra-
ries and public institutions it would not be so
objectionable; but as the tariff now stands,
upon the principle the committee have adopted,
to carry it so far, even although it may have
been in the former tariff, would not meet with
the approbation of the committee, and it would
-be striking a blow at the existence of the pub-
lishing interest which they could not stand.
To exempt from duty "all books for the use of
schools would cover almost everything that
would come in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said before, the
amendment that I propose has the effect merely
to leave the law as to this free introduction of
books just as the law is now. I do not think
that the publishing interests of the country have
been injured at all, and I think my friend from
Maine will not say that they have been under
the existing tariff by the introduction of free
books, for the reason that books that are used
as school-books, in the ordinary sense of that
term, the general run of school-books, are
almost always imported, as a general rule, by
dealers and sold in the regular way, and pay
the duties. This amendment is confined to that
class of books which are imported in good faith
for a specific school or academy. If it happens
that an academy at Portland or at Burlington
wants a rare foreign book to put in its library
lor the information of the people there, and
its managers choose to go to the trouble and
expense of sending for it abroad specially,
and importing it specially themselves for the
use of the academy, then it is to be received
free.
Hut this amendment which I propose is not
intended to operate upon school-books in gen-
eral, imported generally for the use of schools.
That is not the proposition ; and I feel quite
confident in saying that no mischief whatever
of the kind that is suggested by the Senator
from Maine has arisen under this law, that has
stood for years and years on the statute-book,
in this respect in the precise language of the.
amendment that I offer, because it must not
only be a school-book, but it must be a book
specially imported by the school or academy
for its own private use. Now, in such a case I
do not think that any injury to the revenue or
to the book trade will result if these words are
introduced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the amendment read again.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the language of the
old statute.
The Secretary read the amendment. --
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think the last clause
had better be stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that it has been
represented, with how much truth I am not
able to say, that the publishing interests of the
country are suffering for the want of protection,
and persons interested in that business have
been very clamorous for an increase of the
tariff. It seems to me that this amendment,
notwithstanding it may be in the language of
the old law, is exceedingly comprehensive, and
it enables persons to import books into this
country in large quantities to such an extent
as to interfere with the book-publishing busi-
ness greatly, in my judgment, to its detriment.
Every society that is organized calling itself
a literary, philosophical, or religious society
may import any number of books professedly
or really for its own use. I suppose that the
society is to pretend that these books are for
its own use until they are through the custom-
house and into their hands, and then they can
be used for any other purpose such as the
society may think advantageous to their own
interests.
Under this amendment, it seems to me, all the
school-books of the country will be imported
free of duty. Every school district in some of
the large States has a school library. It is in
the publication of those books that a large pro-
portion of the capital engaged in this business
is employed, and this amendment opens the
door to the importation of an immense quan-
tity of books from foreign countries to compete
with the book-publishing business in the United
States. I do not know of any particular reason
why this exception should be made, why this
business, which is a very extensive business in
the country, should be subjected to greater dis-
advantages than any other kind of business;
why these books should be allowed to be intro-
duced here to compete with the books that are
made in this country.
These societies are generally furnished with
funds made up by contributions of individuals.
One man may contribute a dollar and another
man may contribute a dollar, and the society
is just as able to buy its books as any individ-
ual is to buy his books. These colleges and
societies can buy their books just as well as
individuals can; and why, because a certain
number of men associate themselves together
and assume some high sounding name, call
themselves some society, they should be allowed
to import their books, their reading matter,
free of duty, while an individual who does not
happen to belong to that society must pay upon
the book that he reads, is more than I can
understand.
I know it appears to be entirely proper and
desirable to be very liberal toward societies
which are embraced in this enumeration of the
honorable Senator, but it seems to me there is
no substantial reason for it; and if the effect
of it will be, as I believe, to injure the business
of book publishing in the United States then
it will only tend to increase the price of books
to other people who have to purchase and pay
without the privilege of this exemption from
duty. There is an idea that has force in it, and
that is, that under this amendment and through
this door which is opened here, a large amount
of books can be brought into this country with-
out the payment of duty to be used not for the
purposes contemplated in this amendment. It
opens a door for importations of that descrip-
tion, and I have no doubt that importations
have been made in that way, and will be made.
This exception is a very large one, and it seems
to me is objectionable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not believethe Sen-
ator from Oregon, or any Senator within the
sound of my voice, can name an instance
in which he has what he believes himself to
be credible information of the statute which
has been referred to, and which has been a
statute a great while, having in any instance
been abused or circumvented or defrauded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We raise the duties
very largely in this bill, and the temptation -will
be very much greater.
Mr. EDMUND6. If we refuse to admit the
introduction of knowledge into this country on
the ground that possibly the tariff law on books
in general may be defrauded we shall be as-
suming, as it seems to me, a singular attitude
for legislators. Every law that we pass on every
subject is capable of evasion; and I know of
no law which has been less evaded than the
very one which we are now discussing.
My friend from Oregon thinks it a hardship
to the rest of mankind to allow the free intro-
duction of foreign books, the production of
foreign writers, the product of foreign intel-
lect, because the private citizen, as he says,
has to buy his own book. _ The theory upon
which this exemption goes is, as I understand
it, that the introduction of books of this de-
scription for the use of a public library, whether
it is a school or a college or in some society
which is organized solely for a library society,
puts it within the reach of the poor man, who
has not, like my Oregon friend, plenty of money
to buy Knowledge with, or who was not born
with it, as he was, the means of improving his
intellectual condition; and it is a well-known
fact all over the country that there is no means
so essential to the diffusion of knowledge among
men, there is no means which has been so
successful in diffusing intelligence among men,
as the use of these very libraries.
I do not care by what name you call them,
whether you call them school libraries or col-
lege libraries or libraries merely. They are
bringing information to the doors of the poor,
who then get it freely. They do not have to
be members of library societies to be entitled
to read these books. If it is a school library
every child in the town, city, or district^ is
entitled to consult those books, and to drink
from the fountains of knowledge that they
contain. That is the theory.
Now, I am not so much of a protectionist,
although I was born in Vermont, as to believe
in any prohibitory or any high tariff on knowl-
edge. I am a free trader on the subject of
knowledge; and I believe the more foreign
books that we bring into the country that are
fit to be used the better. The best foreign
books, the productions of the best foreign
intellects, do not come in competition with
home intellect in the sense that we protect the
productions of men's hands, because it remains
to be' demonstrated that the home intellect will
produce the same sort of material that the for-
eign intellect does.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator will allow
me to state that I am advised, and I have no
doubt of the fact, that persons send books from
the United States over to England and have
them published there and brought back here,
the productions of American intellect; and in
that way the business of making books in this
country may be very greatly damaged. The
gentleman is not arguing the whole question
when he assumes that this applies exclusively
to books produced in a foreign country, foreign
books; and I very much doubt, notwithstanding
the high respect I have for all literary attain-
ments, whether it would not be better for us to
know more about books of our own country
and less of those of foreign countries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of taste
about which I will not dispute with my distin-
guished friend from Oregon. He may take his
choice of reading, and I will take, as far as my
means will allow me, mine. I cannot argue the
whole question at once because I have not the
diffusive faculty necessary to hit all the points
which are raised here by one single observa-
tion. Now, it is true undoubtedly, coming to
the point my friend refers to, that once in a
while an American author has his book copy-
righted and published abroad, and it is within
the range of possibility that some college or
some library or some institution may send
abroad and get one copy of that book. If they
should, there would be so much loss to the
home industry of printing that book, the benefit
