684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
of which would have been received if it had
been printed here. Bat we all know that ob-
jections of that kind are merely trifling, after
all, because they are extremely exceptional;
they are not general. The'general role, oper-
ating broadly and generally in favor of learning
and the diffusion of knowledge everywhere, is
that it has been the policy of: this country and
every other to periiait the productions of for-
eign intellect to be brought in where they will
be for general use, be put in a place where the
poor can get them freely—to permit the intro-
duction of such matter freely.
■ Now, all I ask of the Senate is, that they
should adhere (fo the established policy and the
just-one upon this subject; and if you do not
allow it only for those higher institutions, if
you strike out schools and institutions of learn-
ing other than the colleges and seminaries of
higher degree and the libraries proper, then
you cut off from the common people and poor
people in the villages of our country great
sorties of information that they ought to have;
and ths 'number of books in all that would be
introduced under this provision, unless it is
evaded' and defrauded, would be so small as
not to affect the revenue materially.
Mr. McD'OUGALL. Mr. President, it is
with great pleasure that J support the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont. 16 you
place a high 'tariff on everything, you should
not in my judgment place a high tariff on
knowledge. It is well known to all who have
learned anything that it belonged to our early
opportunities to pick up knowledge as derived
from boobs from those which came from Eu-
rope. We -have made an effort to bring books
from the older oountries to inform us. Prob-
ably none of the earliest reading of Senators
in the very difficult parts of knowledge was in
American publications. My doctrine is to pro-
tect knowledge and allow it to be free. _ I
remember very well that I had my earliest dis-
cipline from free libraries when I was a lad,
and I could not probably have commanded it
otherwise.
This question is not a new one; it has been
discussed before. I think there should be no
tax upon the introduction of foreign literature.
As'to the suggestion that American books "inay
be sold abroad, printed in London, and brought
back here, that, as the Senator from Vermont
says, may once in a while happen, but it does
not belong to a business argument. Knowledge
should be as free as the air and the water. I
trust the amendment may be approved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Vermont will strike out the last clause of his
amendment, all after the word " arts," I shall
vote for it; otherwise I shall be obliged to vote
against the whole amendment, and hope it will
not be adopted. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has an amendment which I think is
better drawn, more carefully considered, which
covers the same ground. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. That modification would
strike out colleges and societies of learning.
I cannot accept it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator perhaps
then had better withdraw his amendment for
the present, and look at that which is drawn by
the Senator from Massachusetts; which I think
covers all the ground that ought to be covered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts does not cover
the ground that I think ought to be covered,
because I think these schools being kept within
the limits of the law as to good faith—and the
Treasury agents are pretty careful about free
importations of every kind, as they ought to
be; there is not much danger of fraud—these
schools ought to be allowed to have one book
of a kind, if they choose to send for it, for the
free use of all their students. Differing, there-
fore, from my friend from Maine, I must insist
upon a vote on the amendment as it stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be obliged to
oppose the amendment, although I am in favor
of some amendment on this point. I think
this goes too far.
Mrj-EBkUNDS
called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonjj Dixon, Doolittle, .Ed-
munds, Fogg, Foster, McDougall, Patterson, and
Willey—9.
NA YS—Messrs, Buckalciv, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Fessenden, J?relinghuysen, Morgan, Stewart,
Wade, and Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cowan, Ores-
well, Davis, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Eiddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van'Winkle, Wilson,
and Yates—33.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 23, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
oath for attorneys, etc.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is House bill No. 239, to prescribe an oath for
public officers and members of the bar, and
for other purposes, and by unanimous consent
of the House the vote on the bill is to be taken
at twelve o'clock m., without dilatory motion.
The question- is, Shall the bill pass ?_ The
motion to lay upon the table is considered
as withdrawn.
Mr. BOYER. I ask unanimous consent to
be allowed ten minutes.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended originally to participate at all in the
discussion of this billand during the very few
minutes which are allowed to me now, it is of
course impossible for me to present every view
which, according to my conceptions of duty,
ought to be presented if I were discussing the
bill at length.
I am opposed to this bill because it is an
attempt by legislative action to override an
express decision of the highest tribunal of the
country. I am opposed to it because it singles
out one profession in the country to visit upon
it unusual penalties for an offense which has
been committed by men engaged in all occu-
pations alike. I am opposed to it because it
inflicts a penalty which involves the loss of the
means of livelihood without a lawful trial or
conviction of any crime. I am opposed to it
because it is an ex post facto law prohibited
by the Constitution. I am opposed to it be-
cause it makes no discrimination between those
who voluntarily aided the rebellion and those
who were compelled against their wills to enter
its armies or to give aid and comfort to its
cause. I am opposed to this bill also because,
if it were perfectly legal in a constitutional
point of view, it is not in accordance, in my
judgment, with what ought to be the policy
which should govern the legislation of this
House. I do not know that I can better oc-
cupy the few moments accorded to me than to
direct the attention of this House and the coun-
try to a portion of the opinion lately delivered
by the Supreme Court in the matter of the
petition of A. H. Garland, a lawyer who de-
clined to take the test oath prescribed by this
Congress, but who nevertheless was held by
that tribunal to be entitled to pursue his legiti-
mate profession. In that case the Supreme
Court have said:
"The profession of an attorney and counselor is
not iiko an officecreated byan act of Congress, which
depends for its continuance, its powers, and its emol-
uments on the will of its creator, and the posses-
sion of which may be burdened with any conditions
not prohibited by the Constitution. Attorneys and
counselors are not offioors of the United States.
They are not elected or appointed in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution for the election or ap-
pointment of such officers. They are officers of the
court, admitted as such by its order upon evidence
of their possessing sufficient legal learning and fair
character." * ■«****
" They hold their officc during good behavior, and
can only bo deprived of it for misconduct, ascer-
tained and declared by tho judgment of the court,
after opportunity to be heard has been afforded.
Their admission and their exclusion are not the ex-
ercise of a mere ministerial power. The court is not
in this respect the register of the edicts of any other
body. It is the exercise of judicial power and has
been so held in numerous cases. It was so held by the
court of appeals of New York in the matter of the
application of Cooper for admission. 'JSlfcorneys
and counselors,' said that court,' are not only offi-
cers of the court, but officers whose duties relate
almost exclusively to proceedings of a judicial na-
ture, and hence their appointment may, with pro-
priety, be intrusted to the courts; and the latter, in
p rforming this duty, may very justly be considered
as engaged in the exercise of their appropriate judi-
cial functions.'" * * * * * 'B *
"The attorney and counselor, being by the solemn
judicial aet of the court clothed with his office, does
not hold it as a matter of grace and favor; the right
which it confers upon him to appearfor suitors, and
to- argue causes; is something more than a mere in-
dulgence, revokable at the pleasure of the court, or
at the command of the Legislature; it is a right of
which he can only be deprived by the judgment of
the court for moral or professional delinquency. The
Legislature may undoubtedly prescribe qualifications
for the officc, with which he must conform, as it may,
where it has exclusive jurisdiction, prescribe qualifi-
cations for the pursuit of any of the ordinary avoca-
tions of life; but to constitute a qualification, the
condition or thing prescribed must no attainable, in
theory at least, by every one. That which from the
nature of things, or the past condition or conduct of
the party, cannot be attained by every citizen, does
not fall within the definition of the term. To all
those by whom it is unattainable it is a disqualifica-
tion which operates as a perpetual bar to the office.
The question in this case is not as to the power of
Congress to prescribe qualifications, but whether that
power has been exercised as a means for the inflic-
tion of punishment against the prohibition of tho
Constitution. That this result cannot be effected in-
directly by a State under the form of creating quali-
fications we have held in the ease of Cummings us.
the State of Missouri, and the reasoning upon which
that conclusion was reached applies equally to simi-
lar action on the part of Congress."
Now, what action does this bill propose?
The very thing which has been judicially de-
cided by the highest tribunal in the country to
be contrary to the Constitution of the land.
It is a sad spectacle, Mr. Speaker, and pro-
phetic of approaching peril when we find a
political party represented by a majority in
Congress reaching forth its hands to grasp both
the judicial and executive as well as the legis-
lative branches of the Government. This bill
is only a part of that legislation which, during
the existence of the present Congress, we have
seen continually advocated and adopted by the
majority in this House.
The time was when all parties respected, at
least, the Supreme Court of the United States.
Whatever vituperation and abuse politicians
might heap on each other, whatever epithets
might be applied to him who held the chief
executive office of the country, the judges of
the Supreme Court received from all parties
the homage which was due to a tribunal dis-
tinguished during the whole history of the coun-
try for its learning and its purity. It has been
reserved for our day and for this Congress to
exhibit to the nation and the world a contempt
even for that tribunal which hitherto has been
regarded by the whole nation as the fountain
of justice, purity, and law.
The Executive is a barrier to the designs of
the majority in this House, the Supreme Court
is another barrier; therefore war is made upon
both the Executive and the judiciary. This
Thirty-Ninth Congress has been engaged^from
the very earliest period of its existence in at-
tempting to control and absorb, not only the
legislative, but likewise the executive and the
judicial branches of the Government. For
this it is that the Judiciary Committee have
reported a bill which provides that when the
Supreme Court of the United States sit in
judgment upon the constitutionality of an act
of Congress, it shall require the unanimous
opinion of all the judges to decide it unconsti-
tutional. It proposes to enact that all the
judges must unite in a judgment against Con-
gress, but a bare majority may decide in its
favor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to correct
the gentleman's statement as to the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary. They have
not reported any such bill as the gentleman
mentions.
Mr. BOYER. Such a bill has at least been
offered by a member of that committee, and
