1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to vote thg,t there are no such things as State
governments there.
But, sir, this preamble goes farther, and
declares that these "pretended State govern-
ments afford no protection for life or property,
but countenance and encourage lawlessness
and crime;" and yet you have not a particle
of reliable evidence of any such fact. I know-
there are men prowling about the city of Wash-
ington, some of whom I have seen, whose
record, if there be treason in this whole Gov-
ernment, is covered all over with treason, who
are _ trying to poison the mind of Congress
against the people of their own section of the
country, and pretending that there are great
oppressions in that portion of the country
against the Union men; and some of those
very men who have your confidence and the
confidence of the majority in Congress were
men to make speeches to confederate flags
and to encourage confederate soldiers to go to
the field. Such creatures are always to be
found in every community. There are some
men who have so degraded their character that
for profit and gain they would not only turn
traitors against their own section of the coun-
try, not only against their neighbors and their
friends, but would sell the cross upon which
their Saviour died to a Jew for firewood for
the filthy gain that would accrue to them.
& ,^?u furtller declare by this preamble that
"it is necessary that peace and good order
should be enforced in said so-called States
until loyal and republican State governments
can be legally established," and this on ac-
count of the want of protection to life and
property in these States 1 Why, sir, any per-
son who takes the southern journals, and
knows the temper of the people there, is well
aware that they recommend quiet submission,
attention to business, and the withdrawal of
the consideration of the people of that section
of the country from mere political questions.
They feel that, having submitted to your power,
having been eonquered by the force of arms,
they are helpless in your hands; and they wit-
ness no doubt to-night this proposed outrage
upon their rights, upon humanity, upon lib-
erty, and upon law ,with feelings of sorrow
and despondency, but with no idea of giving
.you occasion to trample on them further on
account of any attempted resistance to Federal
authority.
Then, sir, your bill proposes to divide this
whole country, some ten States, occupying a
territory larger than several of the most power-
ful and extensive Governments of Europe, into
five military districts, and proposes to place
over that people, whom? Military officers, who,
"dressed in a little brief authority," may exer-
cise their power in the oppression of the peo-
ple. Everything, life, personal liberty, prop-
erty, is made subject by this bill to the absolute
will and control, the despotic will and control,
of a miserable petty military officer, who per-
haps before he was an officer was a beggar. I
do not say this in reference to all military offi-
cers. There are gentlemen who are military
officers as much so as in any class of the com-
munity ; but I have seen some of them in my
own State who could show their valor and their
patriotism by catching up, without any pretense
of justification, my own neighbors and friends
and transporting them beyond the Federal
lines, without even giving them a hearing or
informing them of the cause of their arrest.
Sir, your House of Representatives to-day is
disgraced by a military officer who, when in
command of the middle department, sent his
soldiers into my State to keep Democrats from
voting, who caused innocent, quiet, peaceable
citizens of my State to be arrested and dragged
from their families and their homes; and when
they begged to know the cause of their arrest
they were sent across the lines with a warning
that if they returned their lives should be the
forfeit. Here, sir, you propose to place all the
people of the South under the jurisdiction of
military officers.
And then, although the Constitution of the
United States gives to Congress, and to Con-
fress alone, the power to suspend the writ of
abeas corpus, and that only in time of inva-
sion or rebellion, you propose to delegate to a
lieutenant or any petty officer this great power
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus through-
out that whole territory; and you deny to a
Federal judge even the power to issue that great
writ of right unless some military officer shall
certify to him on honor that he believes it to
be a proper case.
Mx._ President, the pending amendment to
this bill, I believe, is the one submitted by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,J and
it goes the whole figure. It is plain upon its
face ; it shows what it means; there is no de-
ception or fraud about it. It is a proposition
from beginning to end to give the government
of all these States to the negro population to the
exclusion of the white population; for it is
expressly provided in that amendment that a
Governor and provisional council shall be ap-
pointed, and that when elections are called no
one shall vote who was ever engaged in or
countenanced what you call rebellion, and who
cannot take your test oath, except persons
who havenever occupied ahigher position than
that of a common soldier, and even his right
is made subject to question and put at the
mercy of any challenging party. What is the
cffect of that? You say that you want to give
loyal governments to the people of the South ;
you say that the negroes are all loyal; and you
say that scarcely any of the white population
of the southern States are loyal. Well, sir,
according to your standard of loyalty, there
are very few men in the southern States who
can conscientiously take your test oath. Those
who did not go to battle, those who were too
old to go to battle, or who were exempted
from going to battle, had brothers and sons
who were engaged in the war, and do you
suppose they sat quietly at home and saw
their suffering kindred in distress and did
nothing to relieve them ? You excluded all
this class of people and what is the conse-
quence? The giving over to the absolute con-
trol of the negro population of the entire gov-
ernment of that section of the country. Sir,
such a proposition was never heard of in any
civilized country before ; and such a proposi-
tion, although you may adopt it, will never be
submitted to by the people of this country. It
seems to me if your design was to provoke
another war, to drive an oppressed people
again to desperation, you could not adopt
more efficient or effective means to accomplish
your design and purpose. I am very much
afraid that there are some, and not a few, in
this country who have such a design.
Sir, as these two bills have been so fully dis-
cussed by gentlemen who have preceded me,
I shall not further consider them in detail, but
proceed to inquire into the authority of Con-
gress to pass them, and that will lead neces-
sarily to a brief review of the nature and char-
acter and form of government under which
we live. That political party which now con-
trols the legislative branch of the Government
seems to think that Congress is omnipotent,
that it has all power, that there is no limita-
tion upon its authority, that it may do just
what it pleases. Hence, if a President dis-
pleases them they threaten impeachment, sus-
pension, removal; if the Supreme Court of
the United States displease them they threaten
the abolishment of the court; and they, a
coordinate branch of the Government, are
assuming to themselves all power and attempt-
ing to reduce the Government to an absolute
despotism. Now, sir, where did Congress get
this power?
There was a time when there was no sueh
thing as the Federal Union. A longtime ago
many of the people from the continent and
islands of Europe, some under the pretense of
the enjoyment of religious and political liberty,
came to this shore; others for the purpose of
benefiting their worldly condition. A portion
wont to Massachusetts and exercised them-
selves in the delightful employment of burning
witches, whipping women, banishing Quakers,
and buying and selling negroes and Indians
into slavery; others went_ to Virginia, South
Carolina, and other Colonies. They were all
Colonies of the parent country, England. They
had no political connection between them-
selves ; a citizen of the one was not a citizen of
another. They were totally distinct, and de-
pendent upon the British Crown. In the course
of time the British Government attempted to
do toward them as a majority of Congress are
doing to the people of the South now, imposing
upon them taxation and denying to them rep-
resentation. For this among other causes, and
for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus,
which you propose now to effect in the south-
ern States, the Colonies took up arms against
the parent country. They never, except for
the purpose of carrying on the war against the
common enemy, liad any such union as we
have had since. During the progress of that
war and before its termination they entered
into the Articles of Confederation, each reserv-
ing to itself its own absolute sovereignty. They
were united for certain comnion specified ob-
jects and purposes; and yet even under that
limited restraint, that restive section of the coun-
try which is always meddling with the affairs
of the others could not live in peace and har-
mony with the other sections. In 1786, if you
look at the writings of Mr. Monroe you will
find that he wrote a letter to Patrick Henry, in
which he described that section of the country
as trying to break up the Union formed by the
Articles of Confederation, and he also addressed
a similar letter to Mr. Madison. To show that
I speak by the book on this point, I beg leave
to quote from the second volume of Eives's
Life and Times of Madison this letter addressed
by Mr. Monroe, then a delegate in Congress
from Virginia, to Patrick Henry, the Governor
of the State, dated New York, August 12,1786:
"Certain it is that committees are held in this
town of eastern men, and others of tlra State, upoa
the subject of a dismemberment of the States east
of the Hudson from the Union, and the erection of
them into a separate government. To what length
they havo gone, I know not, but have assurances as
to the truth of the above position, with this addi-
tion to it: that the measure is talked of in Massa-
chusetts familiarly, and it is supposed to have ori-
ginated there, The plan of the Government, in all
its modifications, has even been contemplated by
them."
On pages 123 and 124, of the same work, is
Mr. Monroe's letter to Mr. Madison of Sep-
tember 3, 1786, in which he says :
/'I consider the party, especially J ay and the prin-
cipal advocates, as having gone too far to retreat.
They must either carry the measure or be disgraced,
(as the principle already hath been by the vote of five
States,) and sooner than suffer this they will labor
to break the Union. I therefore suspect they have
been already (and indeed have too much reason for
mysuspicion) intriguing with the principal men in
theso States to effect that end in the last resort. They
have even sought a dismemberment to the Potomac,
and those of the party here have been sounding
those in offiec thus far.
"To defeat, the measure therefore, completely, wo
must follow their movements everywhere; advise
the leading men of their designs, the purposes they
arc meant to serve, &c.; and, in the event of the
worst extremity, prepare them for a union with the
southern States."
When peace was declared in 1783 what did
the parent country do? Did it recognize the
people of the United States as one collective
independent sovereign Power and Government?
No, sir. If you look to the treaty of peace, you
will find that it names specifically every State
in the Union and recognizes each one of these
States to be a free, sovereign, and independent
State. Subsequently our fathers sent their
delegates to a Convention to frame a Federal
Constitution. What kind of a Constitution
did they frame? Sueh a one as would give
omnipotence to the legislative branch, Con-
gress? Assuredly not. You hear it often said
in this Chamber and by the press of the country
and elsewhere that this Government was framed
by "the people of the United States" based
upon the language of the preamble, "We, the
people of the United States." In violation of
the historic records and of all the facts con-
nected with the adoption of the Constitution,
we hear this doctrine almost every day m the
legislative halls of this country ; and the only
proof that is pretended to be given in support
