1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Regeneration before Reconstruction—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
needs. To talk about suddenly building up
independent States where the material for such
structures is fatally wanting is nonsense. States
must grow, and to that end their growth must
be fostered and protected. The political and
social regeneration of the country made deso-
late by treason is the prime necessity of the
hour, and is preliminary to any reconstruction
of States. Years of careful pupilage under the
authority of the nation may be found neces-
sary, and Congress alone must decide when
and upon what conditions the tie rudely broken
by treason shall be restored. Congress, more-
over, is as solemnly bound to deny to disloyal
communities admission into our great sister-
hood of States as it is to deny the rights of
citizenship to those who hare forfeited such
rights by treason.
I have thus far, Mr. Speaker, addressed
myself to considerations which appeal to men
of my own political faith. There is a theory
of reconstruction held by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, according to which
the rebels, the moment they laid down their
arms and confessed themselves vanquished,
were entitled to resume all their rights as citi-
zens, just as if they had had not rebelled, and
to set in motion the machinery of their State
governments, be represented in Congress, and
enjoy all and singular the rights and privileges
of other citizens of the United States. Sir, I
shall not consume much time in noticing this
strange theory, which was so happily disposed
of by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
bakger] on Friday last. I must, however, do
its friends the honor of confessing it to be en-
tirely original. I think no such principle can
be found in the law of nations. I am quite
sure there is no historical precedent for it, and
that the precedents are strongly the otherway.
One of these, and a very notable one, I may
refer to, as illustrating the difference between
the congressional and presidential theories of
^construction. I understand that when Satan
rebelled against the Almighty he was accom-
modated with quarters somewhat more tropical
and less salubrious thaiuthe kingdom he had
involuntarily abdicated. To speak plainly, he
was plunged into hell; and he "accepted the
situation." According to one account of the
transaction he said it was—
" Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven
and he has not been "reconstructed" to this
day. But according to the modern theory to
which I refer, the devil, when he was finally
overpowered and was willing to acknowledge
it, was that moment entitled to be reinstated
in his ancient rights in Paradise, exactly as if
he had not sinned. That I understand to be
the Democratic theory of reconstruction. But
Satan, devil as he was, never had the infernal
audacity to insinuate so monstrous a preten-
sion ; and it was reserved for the followers of
Andrew Johnson, nearly six thousand years
later, to startle the civilized world by its avowal.
Mr. Speaker, let me not be misunderstood here.
I do not desire to see the rebels follow in the
footsteps of their illustrious predecessor. There
may have been times when it seemed to me
they deserved a similar treatment. It may even
have occurred to me, in some of my protaner
moments, that if there is not a pretty respect-
able orthodox hell on the other side of the
grave for the special discipline of the rebel
leaders, it would seem to be the grandest over-
sight that divine Providence could possibly
have committed. But in confronting the dan-
gers which now beset our country, I put aside
these theological fancies ; and what I demand,
and all I ask, is that Congress shall organize
a well-appointed political purgatory, located
in the rebellious districts, and keep the rebels
in it until by their penitence and a change of
their lives they shall satisfy us that they can
again be trusted with power. Let us put them
on probation ; and should it require ten years,
or twenty vears, to qualify them for restoration,
or secure an outside element strong enough to
rule the rebel faction, let the time be extended.
The grand interests involved plead with us to
"make haste slowly," while voices from the
graves of our slaughtered countrymen beseech
us to "keep none but loyal men on guard."
When the rebels, conscious of the ruin they
have wrought, shall wash away their guilt in
their tears of genuine contrition, then, and not
till then, let us restore them to our embrace.
And now, Mr. Speaker, if any gentleman
asks me what plan of government I would in-
stitute for the probation and pupilage of these
districts I am ready to answer him. But be-
fore I do that I desire to say what forms of re-
construction I do not favor. In the first place,
I oppose any cunningly devised scheme like
that reported by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] from the Committee on Terri-
tories, with its popular conventions, its com-
mittees of safety, its provisional governors, and
other machinery designed to meet the ugly fact
that we have a bad man in the presidential
chair, whose usurpations it is pretended we
must checkmate by these extraordinary meas-
ures. If the President has been guilty of high
crimes and misdemeanors, let him be impeached
and hurled from power. I believe he is thus
guilty, and therefore I believe our first duty is
to call him to account. Instead of gradual
approaches and flank movements we should
confront him at once with our accusations and
demand his trial. Instead of lopping off the
branches we should strike at the root of our
troubles, and no significance or insignificance
of the executive office as now filled should
stand in the way of our constitutional duty. If
the President is not guilty of high crimes and
misdemeanors, in the sense in which those
terms were understood by our forefathers, and
according to the precedents they had before
them, then the right of impeachment is not
even a " scarecrow," as Mr. Jefferson styled
it. But if I am mistaken, and the country is
doomed yet longer to endure his maladminis-
tration, then let us adopt precisely such meas-
ures of government for the rebellious districts
as would be necessary and proper if we had an
honest man in the place of Andrew Johnson,
thus affording him the opportunity, should he
seek it, to provoke new conflicts with the people
by opposing our measures. Should his mad-
ness fail to supply us, abundantly, with the
grounds for a successful impeachment, the
sands of his official life will soon run out at
the worst, while the management of the rebel
territory demands a policy which may last for
indefinite years. As the friends of the Consti-
tution and the champions of law, we can best
perform our duty by adhering to the well-set-
tled forms and usages of our republican insti-
tutions.
I oppose, in the second place, any plan of
reconstruction which attempts to reconcile
opposite and utterly irreconoilable theories.
If the rebellious districts are States, known
to the Constitution as such, they have the
right to be represented on this floor and in the
other end of the Capitol. They have all the
rights of the other independent States of the
Union, and the work of reconstruction is done
already. The logic of this theory, if accepted,
not only vindicates the policy of the President,
but brands the legislation of Congress for
nearly six years past as a deliberate usurpa-
tion. This is the rebel theory, and those who
have accepted it with all its consequences are
consistent and brave men, who are entitled to
the thanks of all the enemies of their country.
But if you reject this theory, then you are
driven squarely over to the policy of unquali-
fied radicalism, for there is no middle ground
on which to Btand. If these districts are not
States known to the Constitution it most
follow inevitably that the Constitution knows
them only as Territories, for which Congress
is bound by the express words of the Consti-
tution to " make all needful rales and regula-
tions." Sir, I am opposed to any sckeme of
compromise between these theories, and to any
plan of reconstruction which embodies in it
any elements of the rebel theory. The policy
of Congress and the President in recognizing
those districts as States, while exercising over
them powers utterly inconsistent with the
rights of States, has brought upon us our
worst troubles, and the sooner we abandon
it the better it will be for the country. The
nation needs a manly and straightforward
policy, and not the weakness and vacillation
which spring from crooked and ambidextrous
measures which lend strength to the enemies
of the Republic.
Mr. Speaker, the theory which deals with
the rebellious districts as under the exclusive
jurisdiction of Congress rests upon grounds
which are logically impregnable. In the first
place, their old constitutional governments were
overthrown and destroyed by the rebellion.
This will not be disputed. Second, their rebel
governments, which followed, were destroyed
by our arms. This is equally certain. Tlnrd,
their present governments, extemporized by
the President, are military and provisional only,
having no validity whatever save that which
they borrow from the continued acquiescence
of Congress. The President himself can be
quoted in support of this position. And fourth,
the rebels themselves, having forfeited all their
rights by their treason, as I have already
shown, have no authority to institute any sort
of government within their respective districts,
until they are expressly empowered so to do by
Congress. If I am right in these positions,
these districts are so many geographical divis-
ions of the Republic whose people are wholly
without any valid civil government, and with-
out any constitutional power to frame such
government; and being solely under the juris-
diction of Congress, and having none of the
powers and attributes of States, they are neces-
sarily Territories of the United States. As
such they need government till they are pre-
pared for readmission, and the machinery of
territorial governments, older than the Consti-
tution itself, is as familiar to the American peo-
ple as that of the State governments. Let each
of these Territories then have a governor, a
chief justice, a marshal, and an attorney. Let
each of them have a Delegate in Congress, fitly
denied the right to vote, while permitted to
speak. Let each have a Legislature for the
enactment of local laws, subject to the super-
vision of Congress. Let Congress declare who
shall be qualified to vote in these Territories,
adopting the same rule already established in
the other Territories of the United States and
in the District of Columbia. And when local
supremacy shall defy the national authority in
any of these Territories, let it be effectually
cured by the military power of the United
States. Under this educational process I would
have these rebellious districts trained up in the
way they should go, whether the time required
for such training shall prove long or short ;
while in the mean time every inch of their soil
will be subject to the national authority, and
freely open to the energy and enterprise of the
world. This policy, by nationalizing the3outh,
would render life and property as secure in
Louisiana as in Maine. It would tend power-
fully to make our whole country homogeneous.
It would encourage in these wasted regions
."small farms, thrifty tillage, free schools,
closely-associated communities, social inde-
pendence. respect for honest labor, and equal-
ity of political rights." All these blessings must
follow, if only the nation, having vanquished
its enemies, will now resolutely assert its power
in the interest of loyal men, over regions in
which nothing but power is respected.
To all this, Mr. Speaker, it will be objected
that it contravenes the policy of the constitu-
tional amendment proposed by Congress at our
last session, and therefore cannot in good faith
be urged while that amendment is pending.
Several replies to this objection Are at hand.
