1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
of the proposition is that the preamble to the
Constitution commences with the words "We,
the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union," &c. Now, what
is the historic fact connected with that ?
When the Constitution was drafted, com-'
pleted, and agreed upon, the preamble read,
" We, the people of New Hampshire, of Mas-
sachusetts, of Connecticut," and so on, naming
all the thirteen States specifically, " do ordain
and establish this Constitution." After the
Constitution was adopted by the Convention, it
was referred to a committee of revision and style,
who changed the language to "We, the people
of the United States," and for a very obvious
reason, because some of the States might not
enter into the Union at first, as Rhode Island,
New York, Virginia, and North Carolina did
not for a time; and hence, the assent of only
nine States being required to the ratification
of the Constitution, it would be improper to
place in the preamble the names of the States,
until they had assented to the ratification of the
Constitution.
The Constitution then formed was not a
national Constitution, nor did it create a na-
tional Government; but it was a Federal Con-
stitution, creating a Federal Government. This
is apparent by an examination into the organ-
ization of the* different departments of the
Government. Is the Congress of the United
States a national Congress? Why has Dela-
ware two Senators and New York but two?
Because in this Hall the States are represented,
and represented as equals. Is the House of
Representatives a national .body or a feder-
ative body? In no sense national; and why?
If so, the whole people of the country must
have a voice in determining who shall compose
it; but each member of the House is elected
by the people of his own State. You provide
a certain ratio for representation in that House,
and- yet every State must have at least one
member. The present ratio I think is one
hundred and twenty-seven thousand, and yet
Florida, when she was in the Union with only
about fifty thousand inhabitants, was held enti-
tled to one Representative. It is not therefore
the body of the people, the whole mass of the
people, that are represented in either branch
of Congress, but it is the States. So with the
the executive power of your Government; it is
not national in the sense that you use the term.
Why? Is the President elected by a majority
of the people of the whole United States? Not
so; but each State elects its members of the
Electoral College, and it is possible that a
President may receive a majority of the elect-
oral votes although two thirds of the people of
the United States may bo opposed to his elec-
tion. So in the organization of the judicial
department of your Government, the President
nominates the judges, but the States repre-
sented in the Senate give their advice and
consent. It never was intended, as I main-
tain, that the powers which you claim, which
are powers that can only bo exercised by a
national consolidated Government, should be
delegated to you.
But, Mr. President, let me ask the attention
of the friends of this bill for a moment to the
consequences which would result from its
adoption. It treats all the State organizations
existing in the South as having no legal exist-
ence. Then, what is the consequence? Then
the proclamations of the President were void,
then the convening of their State conventions
was void, then the repeal of their ordinances
of secession was void, then the abolition of
slavery in the southern States was void, and
there are as many slaves in the southern States
to-day as there were at the time of the repeal
of the ordinances of secession. These are
some of the consequences which the assumed
friends of this negro race, in their blindness
and madness, are bringing about. If these
State organizations be not valid, then the con-
ventions which abolished slavery, ratified that
amendment to the Constitution, and repealed
the ordinances- of secession were unlawful
bodies.
Now, Mr. President, I know that much, if
not all, the feeling engendered against the
southern section of the country arises from the
fact that the people of that section, for reas-
ons which they thought sufficient, but which
we thought were insufficient, took up arms
and attempted to assert their independence.
But where, let me ask you, did the southern
people learn this doctrine? I mention the
facts which I am about to state, not for the
purpose of reflecting upon any section of the
country, but to show you that if they did act
upon the impression that they had a right to
secede from the Union and to resist your
authority by force of arms, there were miti-
gating circumstances in their case which should
relieve them from the visitation of punishment
because the people of the northern States had
held to the same doctrine. Whore did it first
originate? As I have stated to you, upon the
authority of Mr. Monroe, it sprang up in
the North. We know that the first commen-
tator upon the Constitution of the United
States, and the ablest one in his day, Mr.
Rawle, broadly asserted the doctrine and main-
tained that it was the universal sense of the
founders of the Government; and he was a
northern man/ We know that Josiah Quincy,
of Massachusetts, on the floor of Congress,
when the bill for the admission of Louisiana
into the Union was under consideration,
avowed that in case that bill passed and be-
came a law, it would be the right of all, as it
would be the duty of some, to secede, peace-
ably if they could, forcibly if they must.
But, sir, they had higher authority than
Josiah Quincy or Mr. Rawle: they had the
authority of Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton
for the doctrine that their primary allegiance
was due to their native State. I am not here
justifying the doctrine of secession, because I
do not believe that a State has a right to secede;
but when a State does secede and calls upon
her citizens to support her authority, even as
against the Federal Government, 1 hold as
both Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton held that
the people of the State would bo justified in so
doing; and why?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow mo to ask the
Senator from Delaware how, if a State had not
a right to secede, her citizens could be justified
in war against the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the Sen-
ator's question and then I hope I shall be
allowed to proceed with my remarks without
further interruption. The reason is this: the
citizen is not responsible for the action of his
government; and when his State, acting as a
State, although she may act wrongfully, de-
mands his obedience, he having been born
upon her soil, she having the right to compel
his obedience and to hang him if he refuses
obedience, and the Federal Government not
having the power to protect him from the con-
sequences of disobedience, allegiance and pro-
tection being reciprocal, he is justified if he
obeys his State. This is no new doctrine. It
is a doctrine recognized by the English law.
It is a doctrine which was practiced upon and
executed by the judgments of the courts in this
country during your revolutionary war. It is
the doctrine which Mr. Madison asserted in
the case of William Smith in the First Con-
gress of the United States. Let me refer to
the authorities on this point.
In the third volume of Dallas's Reports will
be found the case of Talbot vs. Janson. In
the argument of the case the doctrine of expa-
triation, allegiance, and citizenship was dis-
cussed. I read from page 140:
"With thislaw, however, human institutions have
often been atvarianee, and no institutions more than
the feudal system, which made the tyranny of arms
the basis of society; chained men to thesoil on which
they were born; and converted the bulk of mankind
into the villains, or slaves of a lord, or superior.
From the feudal system sprung the law of allegi-
ance, which pursuing the nature of its origin, rests
on lands, for when lands wore all hold of the Crown,
then the oath of allegiance became appropriate: it
was the tenure of the tenant, or vassal. (Black's
Commentaries, 366.) The oath of fealty and the an-
cient oath of allegiance were almost the same; both
resting on lands; both designating the person to
whom service should bo rendered; though the one
makes an exception as to the superior land, while
the other is an obligation of fidelity against all men.
(2 Black's Commentary, page 53, paragraph 140.)
Service, therefore, was also an inseparable concom-
itant of fealty, as well as of allegiance. The oath of
fealty could not be violated without loss of lands;
and as all lands were held mediately or immediately
of the sovereign, a violation of the oath of allegiance
was, in fact, a voluntary submission to a state of out-
lawry. Hence arose the doctrine of perpetual and
universal allegiance. When, however, the light of
reason was shed upon the human mind the inter-
course of manbecamemoregeneralandmoreliberal;
the military was gradually changed for the commer-
cial state, and the laws were found a better protec-
tion for persons and property than arms.
"But even while the practical administration of
government was thus reformed some portions of the
ancient theory was preserved; and, among other
things, thedoctrincof perpetual allegianccremained
with the fictitious tenure of all lands from the Crown
to support it. Yet it is to be remembered that
whether in its real origin, or in its artificial state,
allegiance as well as fealty rests upon lands, and it
is due to persons. Hot so with respect to citizenship
which has arisen from the dissolution of the feudal
system; and is a substitute for allegiance, corre-
sponding with the new order of things. Allegiance
and citizenship differ, indeed, in almost every char-
acteristic. Citizenship is the effect of compact; alle-
giance is the offspring of power and necessity. Citi-
zenship is a political tie; allegiance is a territorial
tenure. Citizenship is the charter of equality; alle-
giance is abadsreof inferiority. Citizenship is con-
stitutional; allegiance is persona,1. Citizenship is
freedom: allegianeeisservitude. Citizenship is com-
municable; allogiance is repulsive. Citizenshipmay
bo relinquished; allegianceisperpetual. With such
essential differences the doctrine of allegiance is
inapplicable to a system of citizenship, which it can
serve neither to control nor to elucidate."
In the case of William Smith, of South Caro-
lina, in the First Congress of the United States,
I have before referred the Senate to the doc-
trine of Mr. Madison. Let me read his very
words:
"What was the situation of the people of America
when the dissolution of their allegiance took place
by the Declaration of Independence? I conceive
that every person who owed this primary allegiance
to the particular community in which he was born
retained his right of birth as the member of a new
community; that he was consequently absolved from
the secondary allegiance he had owed to the British
sovereign. If he was not a minor, ho beeamo bound
by his own act as a member of the society who sep-
arated with him from a submission to aforeign coun-
try. If he was a minor, his consent was involved in
the decision of that society to which he belonged by
the ties of nature. What was the allegiance as a
citizen of South Carolina,, he owed to the King of
Great Britain ? Ho owed his allegiance to him as a
king of that society to which, as a society, he owed
his primary allegiance. When the society separated
from Great Britain, ho was bound by that act and*
his allegiance transferred to that society, or the
sovereign which that socicty should set up, because
it was through his membership ofthe society of South
Carolina that he owed allegiance to Great Britain.
"This reason will hold good unless it is supposed
that the separation which took place between these
States and Great Britain not only dissolved the union
between those countries, but dissolved the union
among the citizens themselves; that the original
compact which mado them altogether one society
being dissolved, they could not fall into pieces, each
part making an independent society, but. must indi-
vidually revert into a statu of nature. But I do not
conceive that this was of necessity to be the case; I
believe such a revolution did not absolutely take
place. But in supposing that this was the case lies
the error of the memorialist, I conceive the Col-
onics remained as a political society, detached from
their former connection with another society, with-
out dissolving into a state of nature, but capable of
substituting a new form o'f government in tho place
of tho old one, which they had for special consider-
ations abolished. Suppose the State of South Caro-
lina should think proper to revise her constitution,
abolish that which now exists, and establish another
foim of government; surely this would not dissolve
the social compact. It would not throw them back
into a state of nature; it would not dissolve the
individual members of that society. It would leave
them in perfect society, changing only the mode of
action, which they are always at liberty to arrange.
Mr. Smith being then, at the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, a minor, but being a member of that par-
ticular society, he became, in my opinion, bound by
the decision of the society with respect to the ques-
tion of independence and change of government:
and if afterward he had taken part with the enemies
of his country ho would have been guilty of treason
against that Government to which he owed his alle-
giance, and would have been liable to be prosecuted
as a traitor."
I read not these authorities to justify the acts
of the southern States. I only cite them to
show that men may honestly entertain at this
day a doctrine to which such men as Mr. Mad-
ison, Mr. Rawle, and Mr. Josiah Quincy as-
sented. But, sir, if you will look into the twenty-
eighth number of the Federalist, a number
written by Mr. Hamilton, you will find that
he lays down in clear and express terms the
