80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Miller.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
First, it must be remembered that this amend-
ment was submitted to the several States.
Congress had no right to propose it to unor-
ganized districts which had no constitutional
governments of any sort, and therefore no
power to pass upon the question. Could we,
for example, submit this amendment to Colo-
rado or Nebraska, before they have been law-
fully declared States? Congress, at the last
session, might have waived all formalities and
recognized the rebellious districts as States by
receiving their representatives, as was done in
the case of Tennessee : but we refused to do
this. Congress even declined to pass the bill
reported from the Reconstruction Committee
providing that these so-called States should be
received on their acceptance of the amendment.
It is perfectly certain, therefore, that Congress
reserved for its future judgment the very ques-
tion which is assumed to have been decided by
the objection under notice; or, that if Con-
gress did decide it the decision was the other
way. The very utmost that can be claimed by
the champions of the constitutional amend-
ment is that the question is an open one ; and,
being an open question, Congress may decide
it to-day by putting territorial governments over
these regions, leaving the amendment to the
disposition of the loyal States, whose repre-
sentatives in Congress for nearly six years past
have ignored the existence of disloyal States
in dealing with the mighty concerns of war and
peace and the amendment of the Constitution
itself. I believe the pending amendment will
be ratified ; but in voting to submit it I do not
think Congress is at all embarrassed in its pres-
ent actipn. I can say, for myself at least, that
1 am perfectly untrarameled, either by my
Totes in this House or by pledges or commit-
tals anywhere; while I believe the general
understanding at the last session wag that the
amendment embodied provisions which were
demanded as national safeguards, without pre-
tending to supply any final solution of the
problem of reconstruction.
But I reply, in the next place, that even if
Congress at the last session bound itself by an
implied agreement to admit these districts as
States on their ratification of the amendment,
we are now released from that obligation.
With singular unanimity and emphasis they
have rejected our proposal, and thereby left us
free. Sir, are we bpund to wait here five years,
or ten years, for them to ponder the question
and reverse their decision, after they have
already defiantly spurned our offer, allowing
the rebel power in the meanwhile to have free
course ? I do not so understand the bargain,
if any bargain has been made. We have the
right to plead our release, and the state of the
country demands that we shall exercise it.
Since our session of last summer great changes
have been wrought in the general feeling of the
people. We. see daily the truth of the old
adage that "circumstances alter cases." Pub-
lic opinion has forced Congress to establish
manhood suffrage in the District of Columbia,
and thereby to say that that principle should
prevail in all the States the Union. Con-
gress has extended it over 41 the Territories
of the United States, constituting an empire
large enough to support a population of two
hundred million people. Congress has voted
for the admission of Colorado and Nebraska
on the fundamental condition of their accept-
ance of the same principle, and thus adver-
tised all whom it may concern that other States
yet to be born must comply with the same
condition. Most certainly the like require-
ment will be made of the districts lately in
arms against us, whatever may betide the con-
stitutional amendment. God forbid that we
should impose conditions upon virgin States
of the Northwest, which have never, rebelled,
and whose people to-day are loyal, which we
will not exact of the rebels who have drenched
their country in blood ! Sir, we cannot trifle
with a principle so vital, or expose it to any
sort of hazard. I voted last year against
restoring Tennessee to her place in the Union,
because I feared she could not be trusted
without a mortgage from her securing the ballot
to her colored loyalists. I hope my fears will
prove groundless, but I shall never regret my
vote. The loyal people of Maryland to-day,
black and white, would be safer under Federal
bayonets than under their local government;
and Congress, where it has the power, must
exert it against the enemies of the country and
their sympathizers. I shall never vote to re-
store one of these rebel districts to power as a
State, except upon the condition that impartial
suffrage, without respect to race, color, or for-
mer condition of slavery, shall be the supreme
law within her borders. Sir, we can no longer
evade the solemn duty which the logic of
events has at last made plain to all lovers of
justice ; and the man who now thrusts consti-
tutional amendments in our way might as well
quote the Crittenden resolutions, adopted by
this House the day following the first battle of
Bull Run, as the governing principle of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
I add. finally, and as a conclusion from what
I have said already, that the second section of
the proposed amendment ought never to be
made a part of the Constitution of the United
States. It would not now be proposed, if the
question were pending as a new one, as our
action at this session has plainly indicated. I
voted for it, along with the other sections of
the amendment, simply as a proposal to reduce
the political power of the rebels to a common
level with that of loyal men; but instead of
cutting down representation in these districts
to the basis of actual suffrage, I think we are
now ready so to extend the franchise as to
make it commensurate with actual represent-
ation. An amendment of the Constitution
securing this result should have been proposed
at the last session. When, in our extremity,
we called on the black loyalists of the South
to help us through the red sea of war into
which 6ur wickedness had plunged us, and
they responded to our call by sending two hun-
dred thousand soldiers to our rescue, it thence-
forward became the nation's duty, from which
no escape was morally possible, to secure the
rights of citizenship, both civil and political,
to the wronged and outraged millions of the
African race in our midst. It thenceforward
ought to have been counted a shameful prop-
osition, a flagrant affront to common justice
and gratitude, for Congress to propose to the
rebels, as a constitutional amendment, that if
they would agree to the exclusion of these
loyal colored men from the basis of represent-
ation, we would agree to surrender them to
the tender mercies of rebel State governments,
which might wholly deprive them of the sacred
right of representation. Sir, L hope no such
principle will ever defile the Constitution of
our fathers. Aside from its cold-blooded in-
gratitude to our black allies, it is radically
vicious. It impliedly concedes to the States
of the Union the right to disfranchise male
citizens of the United States over twenty-one
years old who are innocent of crime, and thus
strikes at the root of all democracy. If ''tax-
ation without representation i3 tyranny," and
Governments derive "their just powers from
the consent of the governed," the citizen's
right of representation is as natural and in-
herent as the breath of his nostrils. To deprive
him of it, unless he himself forfeits it by his
offenses against society, is a crime against his
manhood, which is the common foundation of
the rights of all men. It is an offense against
all free government, for the right of one citizen
to a voice in its public administration is pre-
cisely the same as the right of every other
citizen; and no fraction of citizens, however
large, can deprive the remainder of their com-
mon and equal right. To deny this is to mock
the Declaration of Independence and insult
the memory of our fathers; and to incorporate
the denial into the Constitution of the United
States, in words which express or imply it,
would strengthen the hands of every rebel in
the South, and comfort the enemies of Amer-
ican democracy throughout the world. It
would pollute the very fountains of our na-
tional life by the unnatural marriage of the
Constitution to the foul heresy of State rights,
which so recently wrapped the Republic in the
flames of war; while it would stand in open
conflict .with that grand central principle of
our great ■Charter which declares that "the
United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. F. MILLER,
otf pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
January 19, 1867.
The Houso having under consideration tho bill
(h. R. No. 643) to provide for restoring the States
lately in insurrection to their full political rights-
Mr. MILLER said:
Mr. Speaker : The bill under consideration
is one of vast importance, and demands the
serious consideration of this House. Eleven
of the States of this Union having rebelled, to
wit: Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida',
Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia,
claimed to have seceded and attempted to set
up a new government for themselves, to be
called the "confederate States of America,"
after four years of terrible and bloody con-
flict, such as no nation ever before witnessed,
one of the most gigantic rebellions ever inau-
gurated was subdued by force of arms, and tho
life of this Republic, though not yet a century
old, saved from ruin. During our struggle the
monarchical Governments of Europe, save that
of Russia, were, as it seemed, desirous forour
downfall, and some of them even boasted
through their public journals that a repub-
lican form of government was a failure. They
looked back upon the ancient republics, which
flourished for a while, but finally crumbled
into ruin, and on their foundations were reared
the most tyrannical Governments, with a lively
hope that our fate would be no better.
But thanks be to Him who rules the desti-
nies of nations that we had at the head of our
Republic a President in the person of Abra-
ham Lincoln, who was destined for the great
work of saving the country from the grasp of
designing demagogues. He was the choice,
and I might add the idol of a free people,
and around" his administration the true, loyal
patriots of the country rallied. After the tri-
umphant reelection of Mr. Lincoln and sur-
render of the rebel forces, the next great ques-
tion to solve was how to reconstruct the eleven
States lately in rebellion so as to insure a per-
manent peace. But before this work was fully
entered upon, Mr. Lincoln was assassinated, to
wit: on the night of the 14th of April, 1865,
by a foul wretch of the name of John Wilkes
Booth, and of the wounds inflicted died the
next day at twenty-two minutes past seven
o'clock a. m. This was a sad event for the
nation; his death was mourned by all the loyal
people of the land; and the only consolation
for this bereavement was the loud professions
of Andrew Johnson, who, being placed on the
same ticket with Mr. Lincoln, was elected Vice
President of the United States; and on the Jay
of Mr. Lincoln's death, after taking the requisite
oath administered by the Chief Justice, took
the presidential chair. It was then hoped and
believed that he would follow in the footsteps
of his illustrious predecessor.
Immediately after the organization of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress there was appointed a
committee of fifteen, nine on the part of the
House and six from the Senate, denominated
