THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
several States. Upon the latter branch of the
inquiry I am instructed by the Committee on
the Judiciary to report a bill entitled "An act
to declare and protect all the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States in
the several States." I move that this bill be
recommitted and ordered to be printed. I will
state that I intend to enter a motion to'recon-
sider the recommittal. I shall take this course
because, this being a bill of importance, mem-
bers may desire to examine it, perhaps discuss
it; and it would be impossible forme to afford
during the_ morning hour that time which I
desire to give to gentlemen, if they should ex-
press any wish to discuss the bill. I may state
that this bill is the substitute reported by my-
self during the last session for the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] being substantially the bill
introduced by him.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
agreed to; and the bill was recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
entered.
eight-hour system of labor.
Mr. NIBLACK. Idesireto take this oppor-
tunity to propound a question to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. NIBLACK. During the last session of
Congress several propositions (including one
submitted by myself) in regard to what is known
as the "eight-hour system" were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I beg leave
to inquire of the gentleman whether the com-
mittee of which he is chairman intend at the
Sresent session to report anything to this
[ouse upon that subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state, Mr.
Speaker, that if the committee shall have suf-
ficient time to get through with their reports
one of the measures they will bring before the
House will be a bill on that subject.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that the committee should at
least report back some one of the propositions
for consideration, even if the committee are
not prepared to make a recommendation upon
it, so that the House may take some action
upon the subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I believe I stated
during the last session that the committee had
acted upon that bill, and it will be reported if
we can have time to make the report.
Mr. NIBLACK. I so understood; and hence
I wanted to know the reason of the delay on
the part of the committee. I move that the
committee have leave to report upon that sub-
ject at any time when it will not interfere with
the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I certainly have
no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana will
be considered as agreed to. It requires unani-
mous consent.
There was no objection.
circuit court in arkansas.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill providing for an addi-
tional term of the circuit court of the United
States in the eastern district of Arkansas.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that a term of the circuit court of
the United States for the eastern district of
Arkansas shall be held at Little Rock, in that
district, on the second Monday in October an-
nually.
The second section provides that the salary
of the United States district judge for the dis-
trict of Arkansas shall hereafter be $4,000
per annum.
_ Mr. MORRIS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
January 23,
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does that increase
the salary of that judge, and how much ?
The SPEAKER.. Debate is not in order,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand he
draws $2,500 now, and this increases it to
$4,000. It is a precedent to be followed in
the case of all others. I am opposed to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRIS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that the title
be amended by adding the words "and for
other purposes.''
The amendment was agreed to; and the-
title as amended was adopted. '
desecration of graves.
Mr. MORRIS, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 253, to punish
for the removal of dead bodies from the grave
or other place of interment in the District of
Columbia, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The first section provides that every person
who, in the District of Columbia, shall remove
the dead body of any human being from the
grave or other place of interment for the pur-
pose of selling the same, or for the purpose
of dissection, or from mere wantonness, shall,
upon conviction, be punished by imprisonment
not exceeding five years, or by fine.not exceed-
ing $500, or both such fine and imprisonment.
The second section provides that every per-
son who, in the District of Columbia, shall
purchase or receivc the dead body of any
human being, knowing the same to have been
disinterred, contrary to the provisions of the
preceding section, shall, upon conviction, be
subject to the punishment in the said section
specified. .
The third section provides that every per-
son who, in the District.of Columbia, shall
op'en a grave or other place of interment, with
intent, first, to remove the dead body of any
human being for the purpose of selling the
same or for the purpose of dissection, or, sec-
ond, to steal the coffin or any part thereof, or
the vestments or other articles interred with
any dead body, shall, upon conviction, be pun-
ished by imprisonment not exceeding two years,
or by fine not exceeding $500, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. MORRIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passecl; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election of senators, eto.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the saifle com-
mittee, reported adversely on House bill No.
908, to amend an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the time and manner of holding elections
for Senators in Congress," approved July 25,
1866; and the same was laid upon the table.
judgment mens.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on a resolution to amend the
law relating to judgment liens ; and the same
was laid upon the table.
record of deeds, etc.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, also
reported adversely on a bill to enable citizens
of the United States to record deeds of lands
lying in States other than th« States of their
residence in cerf&in cases; and the same was
laid upon the table.
part owners of forfeited property.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, also
reported adversely on House bill No. 72, for
the relief of loyal and innocent part owners of
personal property forfeited on account of crim-
inal acts of the part owners of it ; and the same
was laid upon the table.
court of claims.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 668, to limit the
time for bringing suits before the Court of
Claims, with the recommendation that it do
The bill provides that every petition or pro-
ceeding before the Court of Claims to recover
any claim against the United States shall be
filed or commenced within six years after the
passage of this act if the claim in such petition
or proceeding specified shall have already ac-
crued, and if not, then within six years after
such claim shall have accrued, and not after.
But the provisions of this act shall not apply
when the holder of such claim shall be under
twenty-one years of age, insane or a feme-
covert ; provided that the petition or proceed-
ing to recovcr such claim shall be filed or
commenced within six years next after such
disability shall cease to exist.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read a third time, and
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fees of officers of united states courts.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 872,
to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved February 26, 1853.
The bill was reported ; and during the read-
ing thereof the hour of one o'clock arrived,
which was fixed for the execution of the order
of the House in regard to absentees.
members under arrest.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, the Sergeant-at-Arms will now
proceed to execute the order made by the
House yesterday in regard to absentees from
its session. The Sergeant-at-Arms will pro-
duce at the bar of the House the members in
his custody.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, the unpleasant
difficulties growing out of the proceedings
yesterday having been satisfactorily and honor-
ably adjusted, 1 presume there is no disposi-
tion on the part of the House to pursue this
subject any further. I therefore move that the
warrant of the Speaker in the hands of the
Sergeant-at-Arms be set aside, and that all
persons arrested by virtue thereof be dis-
charged, and on that I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to dis-
miss the whole subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Then I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order. There are some fifty of us that have
been fined.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I raise the
point of order that the gentleman is under
arrest, and has no right to speak. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The arrest operates from
this moment; therefore the gentleman is not
entitled to speak.
Ms. ELDllIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Gentlemen under arrest by the Ser-
