1807. j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
81
39th Coxa....2d Sess.
Reconstruction,—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
& Committee on Reconstruction. This com-
mittee after several months1 labor, having
made a thorough investigation as to the status
of the late rebellions States, made a report
recommending certain amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, to be called ar-
ticle fourteenth, which, after undergoing some
modification, passed both Houses of Congress
by more than a two-third vote. Said article is
divided into five sections, which are as follows :
Sr.c. 1. All persona born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted states, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
arc cjtizena of the United State* and of the State
wherein they reside. No State slvill make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United .States: norshall any
State deprive any person of life, libeit}\ oi property,
wi hout duo process of law, nor deny to any person
wittiin its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of pev->ons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. Iiut when the
right to vote at any election for the choice ol electors
for President and Vice President of the United
States, representatives in Congress, the executive and
judicial officers of a State, or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male in-
habitants of such State, being twenty-one years of
age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, cxcopt for participation in rebellion or
other crimc, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who
having previously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an officer of the United States, or a-s a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officerof any State, to support tho Consti-
tution of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the sarne, or given
aid or comfort to the enemiesthoreof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.
Sec. 4. Tho validity of tho public debt of the Uni-
ted States, authorized by law, including debts in-
curred for payment of pensions and bounties for ser-
vices in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. But neither the United States
nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obli-
gation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or any claim for the loss
or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall beheld illegaland void.
Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
This amendment having been submitted to
the respective States for their action thereon
Tennessee, one of the late so-called rebel States,
promptly ratified the same through her Legisla-
ture, and was immediately after admitted to
representation in Congress, thus leaving ten of
the rebellious States unrepresented.
I will now, Mr. Speaker, consider some of
the features of the bill under consideration.
The original was reported by Mr. Stevens,
from the joint Committee on Reconstruction,
on the 20th of April, 1866, embracing two sec-
tions, to which the same gentleman, on the
19th of December following presented an
amendment embracing eight sections; and on
the 16th of January, 1867, he presented to the
House a modified amendment embracing eleven
sections. On the same day Mr. Asuley, of
Ohio, chairman of the Committee on the Terri-
tories, presented what he denominated a mod-
ified amendment embracing eighteen sections.
The first section of the original bill provides
that when the constitutional amendment shall
have become part of the Constitution of the
United States, and any State lately in insur-
rection shall have ratified the same and shall
have modified its constitution and laws in con-
formity therewith, the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of such State, if duly elected and
qualified, may, after having taken the required
oath, be admitted into Congress; and the
second section allows time to such States for
payment of direct tax under the act ot August
5,1861. These sections presupposed of course
the speedy adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment.
The atnended bill is more stringent in its
terms. Considerable fault is found with the
second section even by some of the Republic-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
ans, and especially by the ardent gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] upon the ground
that it acknowledges as valid for merely muni-
cipal purposes the present State governments
until legislative and executive officers shall be
recognized. I cannot see in that section any-
thing to bring forth so much opposition ; it
parts with no rights, nor does it acknowledge
the validity of the governments formed in those
States, except for the purpose therein con-
tained. The third, fourth, and fifth sections
prescribe the mode of forming constitutions in
the said ten States. The remaining sections
direct who shall vote in forming constitu-
tions in those States. There may be some
doubt with regard to Congress having the
power to determine who shall exercise the
elective franchise if they still retain their status
as States, but in my opinion there is serious
objection to what is contained in the sixth sec-
tion, which declares that a certain class of
persons engaged in the Into rebellion have for-
feited their citizenship and renounced their
allegiance to the United States, and in order
to be reinstated must first file their petitions
for naturalization, and five years thereafter
may on taking (he prescribed oath be restored.
1 contend, Mr. Speaker, that 110 rebellious
act on the part of the rebels could dissolve their
allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and consequently they are amenable to
its laws and can be tried and punished for their
treason, and moreover they could be drafted
and forced to serve in our armies notwithstand-
ing they might, claim to have seceded. In 3
Dallas, 133, Talbot vs. Janson, it is laid down
by the Supreme Court of the United States
that even if expatriation exists under our Con-
stitution and laws there must not only be a
renunciation of citizenship of the United States,
but tho actual removal for some lawful pur-
pose; in the same case, on page 133, Justice
Patterson, who delivered the opinion of the
Court, says:
"It is an obvious principle that an act of illegality
can never bo construed into an aet of emigration or
expatriation. At that rate, treason and emigration
or treason and expatriation would in certain cases
bo synonymous."
Hence it will be seen that no citizen, while
remaining within the United States, can ab-
solve his allegiance, consequently this sec-
tion could not be sustained; yet I have no
doubt that laws may be passed depriving those
engaged in the rebellion of certain political
rights. The modified amendment makes some
change as to the time of holding the election
of delegates to meet in convention to form a
constitution and tho mode of appointing com-
missioners who shall direct the mode of select-
ing the election officers for the several districts ;
in other respects the main features are the
same as that of the amended bill.
The modified bill of Mr. Ashley differs con-
siderably from that of my colleague, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] though, as I view it, it is more compli-
cated, and it will be more difficult to carry out
its provisions. The fourteenth section pro-
vides that the constitutional convention, when
assembled and organized, may divide the State
of Texas into two States, and that said con-
vention shall first cede a part of the territory
to the United States. I doubt very much
whether this extraordinary power could be
carried out by this mode of procedure, at least
it would be a very doubtful undertaking, and
such as I do not think Congress would feel
justified in adopting. Upon the whole I am
of opinion that my colleague's [Mr. Stevens]
bill is preferable to that of the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio if somewhat modified, which
could be best accomplished by reference to a
committee; and as the Committee on Recon-
struction is composed of members from each
House it would b<? the appropriate committee
to refer it to, nnd I am therefore in favor of
such reference. The reconstruction of these
States is a very grave question, and ought not
be passed over too Hastily.
The learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] attacks the bill of my colleague [Mr.
Stevens] with considerable severity. He says
in his able speech :
"Tho gentleman's [Mr. Stevens's] bill, whiln it
conflicts with the constitutional amendment, totally
ignores the first duty ot the Congres-. ot' the Unit.-d
States to give the protection of law to life and prop-
erty in the disorganized States."
He also says that—
"The bill and tho gentleman's [Mr. Stevens's]
hypothesis would operate as a general jail delivery.''
I cannot see how the bill referred to ''would
operate as a general jail delivery." If its
provisions are in conformity with the Consti-
tution and could be carried out, the rebels
might find a jail without a delivery, and I am
inclined to believe that the fears of tho learned
gentleman on that point are more imaginary
than real; nor do I understand Mr. Stevens to
be opposed to the constitutional amendment,
for I understood him to say when I gave notice
that at the proper time I would offer the follow-
ing section to the bill, to wit:
Anil be it further enacted, That no such State shall
be admitted to a representation in Congress until it
aiso ratifies the amendment to the Constitution of
thoUnited Stateswhieh has been proposed by two
thirds of both Houses of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
and submitted to the respective States for ratifica-
tion—
that he had no objection to this section being
added. Much has been said, Mr. Speaker, by
members on this floor as to the status of these
late rebellious States; some have contended
that they are to be treated as conquered prov-
inces, and of course be subject to the will of
the conqueror. Of this, which I deem a very
dangerous doctrine, I had occasion to remark
in a speech delivered in this Hall on the '21st
of April last, that by assuming that po-ition
we might make ourselves liable for at least so
much of the rebel debt as is held bona fide by
outside parties, and it is said that about five
hundred millions of the bonds are held by per-
sons in Europe.
15y the law of nations the conqueror of a
province is entitled to the public domain and
is bound to pay its debts previously contracted.
As this is such a universal rule it does not
require authorities to substantiate it ; I will,
however, cite one, which will be found in
Wheaton's Elementary International Law, third
edition, page 63, in which it is laid down :
" As to public debts, whether due to or from the
revolutionized State, a mere change in the form of
government or in the per-on of the ruler does not
affect their obligation. The essential form of tho
State, that which constitutes it an independent com-
munity, remtiins tho same; its accidental torm only
is changed. The debts being contracted in tile n;;mo
of the State, by its authorized agents, for its public
use, the nation eontmucs liable to them, notwith-
standing tho change in its internal constitution.
The new government succeeds to the fiscal lights
and is bound to fulfill the Gtcal obligations of tho
former government. It becomes entitled to the pub-
lic domain and other property of tho State, and ia
bound to pay its debts previously contracted."
Now, sir, we cannot afford to speculate upon
such a theory, nor is there any occasion tor
assuming such a dangerous position. On this
point I maintain the same views that I ex-
pressed during the first session of this Congress,
to wit: that no act on the part of the rebels
could take a State out of the Union : that their
attempt to do so was frustrated by the force
of arms, and that they still remained a part
and parcel of the United States: and that all
their acts and decrees, so far as regards the
United States, were an absolute nullity.
I think I am safe in saying that there are
but few who maintain the doctrine that the
rebel States are in the position of conquered
provinces. There are others who contend that
they lost their status as States and are to be
treated as Territories, and are again to be admit-
ted as if they never had been States. This. I
think, is a mistake, for I do not well see how
the rebellion could bring about this funda-
mental change. It is true that they may have, by
their acts, in efifeet abrogated their corporate
powers, or, in other words, suspended the same
