1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
right of the States to use force to repel the
aggressions of the Federal Government. I
will read it:
"It may safely bo received as an axiom, in our
political system, that the State governments will, ,in
all possible contingencies, afford complete security
against in vasions of the public liberty by the national
authority."
How mistaken even the wisest of men may be!
"Projects of usurpation cannot be masked under
pretenses so likely to escape the penetration of select
bodies of men as of the people at large. The Legis-
latures will have better means of information; they
can discover the danger at a distance; and possess-
ing all the organs of civil power and the confidence
of the people, they can at once adopt a regular plan
of opposition, in which they can combine all the re-
sources of the community. They can readily com-
municate with each other in the different States;
and unite their common foroes for the protection of
their common liberty."
What did he mean by that? Did he not
mean that whenever in the judgment of the
people of a number of the States the Federal
Government has trespassed upon their rights
they may unite their forces in repelling that
aggression and in subduing it 5 all their forces,
mental, moral, and physical? It meant that
or it meant nothing.
But, sir, Mr. Madison went further, as you
will find in the debates of the .Convention.
When it was proposed to authorize the calling
* forth of the force of the Union against a delin-
quent State, he said;
"An Union of the States containing such an ingre-
dient seemed to provide for its own destruction.
The use of force against a State would look more
like a declaration of war than an infliction of punish-
ment, and would probably be considered by the party
attacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts
by which it might be bound. He hoped that such a
system would be framed as to render this resource
unnecessary, and moved, therefore, that the clause be
postponed."
The proposition was, says the historian,
"accordingly postponed and finally preter-
mitted altogether."
I have already referred to the claim of omnip-
otent power asserted for Congress under the
allegation that "we, the people of the United
States," made the Constitution according to
the language of the preamble. Perhaps I may
as well here read on that point an instructive
statement from a work "by a Virginian,"
published in 1840, entitled " A Brief Inquiry
into the Nature and Character of our Federal
Government
"The history of the preamble itself ought to have
convinced our author that the inference which ho
draws from it eould not be allowed. On the 6th of
August, 1787, the committee appointed for that pur-
pose reported the first draft of a Constitution. The
preamble was in these words: 'We, the people of
the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut,
Sew York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South$ Carolina,
and Georgia, do ordain,declare,andestablishthefol-
lowing Constitution for the government of ourselves
and our posterity.' (1 Elliott's Debates, 2o£>.) On
the very next day this preamble was unanimously
adopted: and the reader will at once perceive that it
carefully preserves the distinct sovereignty, of the
States, and discountenances all ideaof consolidation.
(lb., 236.) The draft of the Constitution thus sub-
mitted was discussed, and various alterations and
amendments adopted (but without any change m the
preamble,) until the 8th of September, 1787, when
the following resolution was passed. t
"'It was moved and seconded to appoint a com-
mittee of five, to revise the stylo of and arrange the
articles agreed toby the House; which passed in the
affirmative.' (76., 324.) It is manifest that this com-
mittee had no power to change the meaning of any-
thing which had been adopted, but were authorised
merely to'revise the style'and arrange the matter
in proper order. On the 12th of the same month they
made their report. The preamble, as they reported
it, is in the following words: * We, the people of the
United States, in order to form a more perfect Union,
to establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, nnd secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this
Constitution fortbe United States of America.
326.) It does not appear thatany attempt was made
to change this phraseology in any material point or
to reinstate the original. Thepresumption is, there-
fore, that the two wcro considered as substantially
the same, particularly as the committee had n o au -
thority to make any change, exceptin the style. The
difference in the mere phraseology of the two was
certainlvnot overlooked: for onthe 13th Septcmocr,
1787 'it"was moved and seconded to proceed to the
comparing of the report from the committee of revis-
ion with the articles which were agreed to by the
House, and sent to them for arrangement: which
was passed in the affirmative. And the same was read
by paragraphs, compared, and in some places cor-
rected and amended.' (Ib., 338.) In what particulars
these corrections and amendments were made we are
not very distinctly informed."
But, Mr. President, in addition to the au-
thorities which I have adduced on the question
of the right of the States to compel the obedi-
ence of their citizens, let me refer on the
question of secession to JohnQuincy Adams.
In an address before the New York Historical
Society, in 1889, he said:
"But the indissoluble link of union between the
people of the several States of this confederated
nation is, after all, not in the right, butin the heart.
If the day should ever come (may Heaven avert it)
when the affections of the people of these States shall
be alienated from each other; when the fraternal
spirit shall give way to cold indifference, or collisions
of interest shall fester into hatred, the bands of
political association will not long hold together parties
no longer attracted by the magnetism of conciliated
interest and kindly sympathies; and far betterwillit
be for the people of the disunited States to part in
friendship from each other than to be held together
by constraint. Then will be the time for reverting to
the precedents which occurred at the formation and
adoption of the Constitution, to form a more perfect
union, by dissolving that whiehnolonger could bind,
and to leave the separated parts to be reunited by
the law of political gravitation to the center."
These are some of the reasons that these
southern gentleman had for pursuing the course
they did. Admitting that the doctrine they
held was wrong, that the theory they adopted
was fallacious, yet that it was honestly enter-
tained you cannot for a moment doubt, because
it was honestly entertained by the fathers.
Then, being a theory, though erroneous, hon-
estly entertained, will you visit upon honest
intentions and honest purposes and honest
objects the vengeance provided for in this bill?
But, sir, you have not the authority to pass
the bill, because all the power you have is
derived from the Federal Constitution. Now,
turn to the article of the Constitution in which
your powers as the legislative department of
this Government are conferred, and show me
the slightest particle of authority for_ you to
take under control States of this Union —
States of this Union as recognized by your-
selves—States of this Union as recognized by
the very bills under consideration, because you
yourselves in these bills call them Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, &c.
What do we know about Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, and Georgia, except as
States ? And yet, in this very bill, you propose
to put these States under absolute military
authority, to erect a despotism absolute and
complete, over nearly one half of the whole
territory of the United States and one third of
the people.
But, sir, the power to pass this bill is claimed
by its friends to be based in that provision of
the Constitution which makes it the duty of
Congress to guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government. Un-
der the pretext of guarantying to these States
a republican form of government you are cre-
ating over them an absolute despotism, deny-
ing them the benefit of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, of trial by jury, and of every right that is
guarantied and secured to the people of the
whole country by the fundamental law of the
land. Thatis the republican governmentwhich
you in your boundless munificenceand gener-
osity are bestowing upon an unwilling people.
You make slaves of them that they may be re-
publicans and enjoy republican liberty. You
will put their former slaves over them for Gov-
ernors ; you will send their slaves as Senators
to represent their States in this body; you will
send them to the lower House to represent
them in that branch of Congress; and you will
deny to the people of these States—the only
people existing there within the meaning of the
Federal Constitution—any voice in the man-
agement of their own alfairs. Sir, it shows to
what madness and folly, fanaticism and party
zeal and the hope of public plunder and the
love of political power will drive men. I think
I have as much of the milk of hutnankindness
in my bosom as most men, and I like to be
as charitable as other men, but I cannot for
the life of me see any other reason for the pas-
sage of these bills, any intention to pass them
based upon any other reason than tnatot seem-
ing to the Republican party a lease of power
for years to come. You think that if you give
electoral votes to the negroes they will be your
allies. You say they are superior to their, dis-
loyal masters, and they will yet be clothed with
all the power in their respective States, and
having done this great act for them, you will call
upon them to rally to your support at the polls.
I suppose it is true that ^ou may have to sit
side by side with them in this Chamber if
you should accomplish your purpose, and be
enlightened by their superior wisdom in your
deliberations, and share the benefit of their sage
advice in the council chambers of the nation.
All that can be borne so that your party is per-
petuated in power. Do not talk to me about
guarantying to the people a republican form
of government when you practice despotism.
Rather speak out and say, "We have got a
brief hold of power in this Government: the
Treasury is ours, the public plunder is ours,
and we mean to keep it, even by violating_every
principle of the Constitution of the United
States."
But, Mr. President, even if you had the
power to pass this act there are reasons why
you should not doit. If it is not a case for the
exercise of vengeance, I ask your attention to
one important consideration. You call all
these southern people rebels. I do not believe
a word of it, and never have. They do not
believe they are rebels. You say they are.
How, let me ask, can one equal rebel against
another? Who were the parties to the Federal
Union? Were they not the independent States?
Was it not ratified separately by each? Has
it been ascertained even that a majority of all
the people of the United States were in favor
of it? Certainly, there was no convention or
congress of the people of the whole United
States to act upon that matter; but the Con-
stitution was ratified by the people of the sev-
eral States, and was a compact or agreement
between the States, not between the individual
people composing the different States of the
Union.
Then, it being a compact between the States,
it is a compact between equals; and being a
compact between equals, let me ask you, how
can one equal rebel against another. How
can the State of Georgia rebel against the State
of Delaware? They entered into a compact
with each other. When one gets dissatisfied
and a revolution is started, civil war follows ;
but "tell it not in Gath" that one sovereign,
independent party to a compact ever eould or
ever did rebel against another. This has been
the recognized doctrine among all republican
States that were ever united together for com-
mon purposes. Go, read Grecian history.
The republics of Greece were united for certain
purposes; but because they had their dissen-
sions and their wars, do you ever read in
Grecian history that one of the States of Greece
rebelled against the others ? Go, read Roman
history, and though you will find that Romans
might sometimes be called traitors, a Roman
citizen was never called a rebel, and it is not
to be found in all Roman history or Roman
literature, it is on the ground that equals
cannot rebel against equals.
Oh, but you say that they rebelled against
the Federal Government. Is that possible?
The creator rebel against the creature I What
power has the Federal Government in refer-
ence to the States that a State can rebel against
it? It does not possess in reference to die
States a single element of original, sovereign
power. The powers of the Federal Govern-
ment are derivative, delegated, not original m
any sense of the word, nor sovereign when
considered in reference to the States, the crea-
tors of the Federal Government. What is sov-
ereign power? Original, inherent, independ-
ent, a power above all other powers; and such
was the power of th'e States of this Union
when thev entered into this compact oi Gov-
ernment, "and formed a Federal Union with
each other. What, then, is derivative power?
Sovereign power may be compared to the light
of the sun: derivative power, delegated au-
