1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
fcliority, to the light of the moon reflected from
the sun.
Mr. President, what I have thus far said has
been intended as preliminary to the more suc-
cinct, legal argument which I intended to make
upon this occasion. Your bill establishes mar-
tial law throughout the whole southern coun-
try ; it puts every person within the limits of
the States designated in it under the authority
of martial law. I propose now to show that
you have no right to pass this bill, by showing
that you have no authority, that the Federal
Government in all its departments combined
has not the authority, and that no officer of
the Federal Government has the authority to
declare martial: law.
The Government of the United States nearly
two years ago succeeded in completing the
suppression of a most formidable revolution
after a struggle of four years. Being the first
that has ever occurred in the country on so
extended a scale, it is not surprising that we
should have lacked experience in the manage-
ment of such conflicts. And perhaps it was
natural that our zeal in the cause should have
induced us to disregard the means employed
to accomplish the end. But now that peace
has been restored it becomes us to profit by the
lessons of the revolution. Let us look back
and inquire into the constitutionality of the
measures we have employed during the prog-
ress of the revolution to bring it to a close, and
some of the most objectionable of which meas-
ures we propose by the bill under consideration
to continue over the southern States. It may
be that we have inflicted wounds upon the
body-politic which require a speedy correction
before they become precedents. Junius, in the
dedication of his letters to the English people,
gives this profound and impressive warning to
his countrymen:
"Lot mo exhort and conjure you never to suffer an
invasion of your political Constitution, however mi-
nute the instance may appear, to pass by without a
determined, persevering resistance. Ono precedent
creates another. They soon accumulate and becomo
law. What yesterday was fact, to-day is doctrine.
Examples are supposed to justify the most dangerous
measures; and when they do not suit exactly tho do-
fcot is supplied by analogy. Bo assured that the laws
whioli protect us in our civil rights grow out of the
Constitution, and they must fall or flourish with it."
Every word of this warning is peculiarly
applicable to us. Let us, therefore, now in-
quire whether we have not suffered invasions
of onr political Constitution to pass by without
resistance, and be warned in time to suffer no
such invasions in the future. The innovation
of to-day will become a precedent for to-rnor-
row; and passive submission to one encroach-
ment on tho Constitution, however slight, will
provoke others of a more aggravated charac-
ter. Power, stimulated by ambition, which is
common to all men, never relaxes its hold.
The people cannot, therefore, with safety, sub-
mit to the exercise of even doubtful powers;
and ns the Constitution is the supreme law, it
cannot be expanded or contracted to suit emer-
gencies, either real or imaginary. If it does not
suit all emergencies tho remedy is to be found
exclusively in amendments to be made in the
proper manner.
These remarks have been introduced as pre-
liminary to an inquiry into the constitutionality
of "martial law" in the United States, which
has been proclaimed and enforced until the
people have been, and even now are, in the
condition of the people at a memorable period
in English history, when it was said, "The
whole nation was sick of government by the
sword, and pined for government by law.'"'
As "martial law" has been declared and
enforced to such an extent that it has been,
and is even yet, sought to be made the law of
the laud, and has been practiced to the utter
subversion of civil law, I propose to inquire
whether it be within the scope of the powers
of the Government of the United States, or of
any department thereof, or of all the depart-
ments together, or any officer, civil or mili-
tary, to establish and enforce what is now
understood to be martial law eicher against the
citizen or the soldier in actual service. Is it
competent for our Government or any of its
officers, either civil or military, to subject the
citizen, who is wholly unconnected with the
Army or the Navy or the militia in actual ser-
vice, to be charged and tried in a manner un-
known to the Constitution, but actually pro-
hibited by it, for alleged offenses unknown to
the law, or even for acts made offenses bylaw?
These are grave questions, and merit the most
profound and attentive consideration. The
liberties of the people and the preservation
and utility of the Constitution are involved in
their solution. Such powers have been claimed
and exerted, and their validity or invalidity
should be promptly settled. If the Constitu-
tion has been thus violated, either in its letter
or its spirit, the people should know it, and
either Congress or the judiciary department
should promptly so declare and strangle the-
monster usurpation before it becomes too pow-
erful to be resisted. The tyrant's plea of
necessity can furnish no palliation or excuse;
that is a poisonous parasite that too often
fastens itself on the body-politic but to eat
out its substance.
It is essential to a correct understanding of
the subject to be discussed that we should, in
the outset, ascertain precisely what is meant by
"martial law," a term that has been used until
it has become familiar to all, but which is
understood by few. What is its appropriate
definition ? Does it signify a prescribed rule of
conduct, commanding what is right and prohib-
iting what is wrong? Has it been promulgated
for tho information of the people, or is it a mere
arbitrary unknown theory of right and wrong,
not found in any known code of laws, but locked
rip in the bosom of the commanding officer
or the military tribunals that may be called
on to enforce it, with no other guide to direct
them than their own crude ideas of right and
wrong, orperhapstheirownrosentments? Does
it hold a sort of inquisitorial right of supervision
over the actions of men, and by a magical
power convert acts into crimes, although not
prohibited by any law where they were com-
mitted? It cannot bo unwritten or common
law for two obvious reasons: it is not part of
th§ common law of England, from which we
receive what we have of that system; but if it
were so, the United States have no common
law, though the States may have it. The Con-
stitution, the acts of Congress and treaties
constitute tho whole body of laws of the United
States.
Judge Story and Chancellor Kent, our ablest
commentators, have both failed to shed any
light on "martial law," even by a definition
of the term. And Blackstone, whose defini-
tions are usually so pertinent and clear, has
failed to give us any just idea of the meaning
of the term. He makes a quotation from Sir
Matthew Hale, who said that "martial law is
built upon no settled principles, being entirely
arbitrary and in truth no law at all." And
the commentator adds," tho necessity of order
and discipline in the army is the only thing
that can give it countenance." He spoke of
it as something applicable to the army only;
the idea that it could be extended heyond the
lines of the army, or to persons not connected
with the army, never seems to have entered
his mind; indeed the idea of such an extension
is excluded by the language employed. Even
the equivocal recognition which it received
from these English commentators had reference
to the nature and extent of its existence in
Governments very different from our own ; it
was left for a free Government of limited pow-
ers to extend its sphere of operation, and to
give it universal application to citizens as well
as to armies. Indeed, it seems now as during
the'war to be altogether applicable to citizens;
there is no pretense that it is necessary for the
government of the army.
_ It is true that Congress, by an express pro-
vision in the Constitution, has power to make
rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces and for the government
of the militia when in actual service, and the
Senator from Maine seemed to consider this
bill simply as such a rule. But these rules must
not only be written out and passed by Congress
like any other act or law, for it is a power con-
fided to Congress as a legislative body. And
the application of these rules can extend no
further than to the Army or Navy. That is the
extent of the grant to Congress by this clause
of the Constitution ; they cannot be employed
or enforced on the citizen; his rights arc placed
entirely above the power of Congress by other
provisions in the Constitution. This clause in
our Constitution supplies the place of the power
to enforce martial law in more arbitrary Gov-
ernments, whose powers are not limited by writ-
ten constitutions, which confer only so much
power, and no more, on the rulers. Nor ean
Congress delegate tho power herein granted to
any other person or set of persons.
But the rules prescribed by Congress for the
regulation and government of the Army and
Navy do not constitute the martial law under
which the country has been placed and under
which it is proposed to permanently place the
South.. The chief law officer of the Military
Department, Mr. Holt, defines it thus: "Mar-
tial law," says he, "is defined to be the will
of the General who commands the Army."
And he adds:
" While its declaration could not properly be re-
ferred to as authorizing acts of excess or wanton
wrong, it would at the same time justify tho military
commander in summary and stringent measures,
which, in the absence of martial law, might be deemed
extraordinary and oppressive,5'
We thus see what " martial law " is, and the
scope of its application ; and we see, too, that
it substitutes a new and paramount unwritten
code of laws, if it may be called a code, for
existing laws, with no other limitations or re-
straints except such as may comport with the
will of the General in command, whose will is
the criterion of law and justice. And this is
the law that was put in force throughout the
United States by the proclamations of the late
President Lincoln. As the will of the com-
mander is the law, both citizens and soldiers
must square their actions by his will whether
they know it or not; and according to this
definition of "martial law," I shall proceed to
inquire whether it be consistent with a just idea
of constitutional liberty, no matter what emer-
gencies may be supposed to exist.
Before proceeding to a critical test of the
constitutionality of "martial law" by trying
it by the Constitution itself, it may not be
amiss to submit a few general remarks which
may serve to present it in contrast with the
general spirit of a free government. I shall
call this mode of government by no harsh
name; every one knows the proper appella-
tion of a government where all its powers,
legislative, judicial, and executive are vested
in the same person or body of persons. But
even such a government, if the laws be writ-
ten, is vastly better than " martial law," since
the will of the commander may be violated
without a knowledge of that will, inasmuch
as he is not required to promulgate his will.
Blackstone informs us that—
"A bare resolution confined in the breast of the
legislator, without'manifestmg itself by some exter-
nal sign, can never boa law. It is requisite that this
resolution be notified to the people who are to obey
it."
So universal and so just is this principle
that even tyrants have not dared directly to
disregard it. In tho worst days of Roman
despotism Caligula, the greatest tyrant of all
the Ctesar's, in or^er to render a seeming com-
pliance with this humane requirement, but at
the same time to entrap the people, wrote his
laws in small characters and hung them on
high pillars. By the aid of ladders the people
could still have informed themselves as to rlie
law. Even the code of Draeo, which has been
stigmatized in history as the " bloody code,"
was written so that the people had some
chance of escaping its penalties. But not so
with " martial law ;" nothing but supernatural
power could enable the people to penetrate
the commander's breast and find out his will.
The author of the definition above quoted
says, "and its (martial law) proclamation by
