1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
39th Coxa.... 2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Rogers.
Ho. of Reps.
to
debt
suppress the rebellion, and also the large
)t ot $3,000,000,000 incurred to defray the
ctpoixes. are null and void. Will any man con-
tend that the laws so enacted and debt created
are of no effectSurely no loyal man will pro-
mulgate such doctrine. But it'it was necessary
for those States to participate, then President 1
.bhnson is not a legal President, for when he«j
Otis elected those States were not allowed rep-
resentation nor permitted to take part in the
election of a President and Vice President,
and therefore if the present Congress is an ille-
gal body it follows as a corollary that he is an
illegal President. It is not necessary, however,
Mr. Speaker, to spend time on such an absurd
proposition, and I may be permitted to say here |
thatl am sorry that the Presidentof the United j
States in his journey to the city of Chicago and .
back made use of such language as is attributed
to him in his speeches. It would have been bet-
ter. far better, for him and the country if he had
been more guarded in Lis expressions. Mr. I
Speaker, the Republican members of this j
House are anxious for the restoration of the
ten States lately in rebellion, and I might add
as much so as the President is, with this dif-
ference, that he is in favor of admitting them I
without terms, and Congress, on the other hand, |
requires substantial security for the preserva- j
tion of the country.
Had the life of the lamented Lincoln been
spared, orhad his successor, President Johnson,
cooperated with Congress, reconstruction would
ere this have been consummated and the States
represented in the councils of the nation ; but,
as it is, Congress has this arduous duty to
perform with the opposition of the President,
backed by his mighty patronage, which has been
used against the party that elevated him to the
Vice Presidency, by which, on the death of Mr.
Lincoln, he was enabled to step into the presi-
dential chair. Mr. Speaker, counting the insur-
rectionary States, we have thirty-six, and if it
requires three fourths of them to ratify the
amendment twenty-seven States will be re-
quired. The fifth article of the Constitution
of the United States prescribes that—
"TheCongress, whenever two thirdsof both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
this Constitution, or, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which, in
either case, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or
by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one
or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by
the Congress."
Of the twenty-six States all except Dela-
ware, Kentucky, and Maryland have elected
Republican Legislatures,.who were pledged for
the ratification of the amendment; and those
of them that have not already ratified it will
do so shortly. But in addition to these twenty-
three States four more will be required pro-
vided three fourths of the whole number are
necessary. It is, however, contended by some
able lawyers on this floor that it is not neces-
sary to include these ten unrepresented States;
and if that position is tenable, then but three
fourths'of the twenty-six States would be re-
quired, to wit. twenty, and upon that hypothesis
we have pledged three more States than are
sufficient to accomplish this desirable object.
But. as I stated on a former occasion in this Hall
in regard to the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery, it is a question too important to
theorize upon, as there is no telling what the
Supreme Court of the United States, as now
or shall hereafter be constituted, may decide
in regard to the status of these ten insurrec-
tionary States; and these apprehensions are
f.'.lly illustrated in the recent decision of that
court in the Milligan case—a decision which,
if not already, will, in my opinion, be more
obnoxious than that of the "Dred Scott."
Unfortunately, our courts of error do not
keep pace with the progress of the age, for,
instead of looking forward and framing their
decisions consonant to the times and circum-
itances in which wo live, they are too apt to
turn their attention back in search of some
stale precedents of the dark ages. I do not,
Mr. Speaker, on this occasion intend to discuss
the merits of the decision in the Milligan case ;
but trust that that high judicial tribunal may
realize the importance of not keeping too far
in rear of the other branches of our Govern-
ment. The honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] says:
"Let the amendment be ratified by three fourths
of the organised and represented States, and it is in
vain that conspirators and aiders of rebellion will
appeal to the Supreme Court to relieve them from
the righteous and just provisions of the decree of the
people."
The same gentleman in his speech says also:
" If, therefore, gentlemen are at all apprehensive
of any wrongful intervention of the Supreme Court in
this beball, sweep away at once their appellate juris-
diction in all cases, and leave the tribunal without
even a color or appearance of authority for their
wrongful intervention."
It is in vain, Mr. Speaker, for us to specu-
late with regard to what ''conspirators and
aiders of rebellion" will do, for they will stop
at nothing that has a tendency to thwart the
action of Congress or oppose the rights of the
loyal people of the country; and suppose we
should "sweep away the appellate jurisdic-
diction" of the Supreme Court, how soon
would it "be restored in case the Opposition
should obtain a majority, or in case it should
be deemed by any future Congress that it was
inexpedient to take away such jurisdiction?
And how would we then stand ?
Mr. Speaker, we must look at these grave
questions coolly and with deliberation, and not
be too sanguine with regard to untried theo-
ries; and as we are now vested with power to
place our Government upon a sure basis be-
yond cavil it is our duty to do so, and not to
admit to representation in Congress any of
these ten late insurrectionary States that per-
sistin the rejection of the constitutional amend-
ment. I repeat, sir, that it is not the desire
of the great Republican party to retard the
restoration of those ten States to full polit-
ical rights, but on the contrary they are anx-
ious for a speedy adjustment, in order to secure
adequate protection to all classes and condi-
tions of men residing therein, and at the same
time afford ample security to the United States
Government against any future refractory course
that might be pursued on the part of those
States. The delay about which we hear
so much complaint from a certain quarter is
not the fault of Congress, but owing to the
pertinacity of leading politicians who partici-
pated in the inauguration of the late rebel-
lion.
Sir, they must and will be taught to under-
stand that they are not to dictate as to the plan
of reconstruction. That work must be left in
the hands of loyal men, who, in the dark hour
of our struggle to maintain national existence,
rallied around the old flag, and those States
must accept the terms that Congress propose
or remain without representation, and in the
mean time be governed in such a way as ma*
render proper protection to the inhabitants
thereof. Mr. Speaker, I will say to the peo-
ple of those States that they need not be de-
luded with the idea that they will get back
under what is denominated President Johnson's
policy, or under any terms more favorable than
those dictated by Congress, and their abuse of
this' body through certain southern journals
will not hasten their aggrandizement; and
again, it is time that they should understand
that rebels, even whitewashed with pardons,
are not to be intrusted with the affairs of the
Government, and so far as this and the next
Congress are concerned I think I am safe_ in
saying that they will find that determination
carried out. And now, sir, it devolves upon
us to stand firm upon these great questions,
and I trust there will be no Republican member
found to falter.
The course we laid down at the first sessiou
of this Congress was submitted to the people,
who were looking upon our actions with an
anxious eye, and notwithstanding the fact that
all the executive patronage was brought to
bear in order to defeat Republican members
we were nobly sustained by a grateful and pa-
triotic people aud returned here to complete
the great work submitted to us; and I trust
our constituents may not be disappointed, and
that, through the guidance of Him who has
signally blessed our arms and dispelled the
dark clouds of treason that were hanging over
our beloved country, we may be enabled to so
reconstruct the late rebellious States as to in-
sure peace, security, and stability for genera-
tions to come, so that this Republic may never
be distracted by another rebellion.
And now, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I have
to say that the late rebellion caused the sacri-
fice of too many noble men who fell in defense
of the Union, and caused too many widows
and orphans, beside the large expenditure of
money, to allow rebels to resume seats in the
councils of the nation or permit the States
lately in insurrection to assume their former
position in the Union without an adequate
guarantee. Had those ten States manifested
the same disposition as Tennessee they might
now bo in a very different position; but as it, is,
I see no hurry in granting them representation
until we have more evidence of returned loy-
alty and see a disposition manifested to adopt
the amendment; and this is the sentiment of
the loyal people of the country, to which we as
1 their Representatives must adhere, and by
doing so we will foster our free institutions and
make manifest to the world that a republican
form of government is not a failure, and it
will then be a light for the oppressed nations
of the earth to follow.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. A. J. ROGERS,
of new jehsey,
ix the House of Representatives,
February 7,1867.
The House having under consideration the bill (h. •
R. N o. 1143) to provide for the more effectual govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States-
Mr. ROGERS said:
Mr. Speaker : I have not, during this ses-
sion at least, however much time I may have
taken before, occupied the attention of this
House much upon the questions which have
been before it. In the remarks which I intend
now to submit I intend to speak for myself
and nobody else, because I may entertain some
views with regard to this important question,
in which we have all so much interest, that are
not entertained by other gentlemen upon my
side of the House, and I may appear to dis-
agree in part with the position taken by my
honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Le Bi.ond,]
that the President of the United States had no
constitutional authority to put it in the power
of the people of the insurrectionary States to
form their present State governments.
I made a speech in this House some seven
or eight months ago wherein I took occasion
to discuss this question of the power of the .
President of the United States to lend his aid,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
to such an extent to the people of the insurrec-
tionary States as that they might form their
present State organizations. Because, sir, I hold
that such of the people of the South as were
engaged in actual hostilities, while they were in
rebellion, defying the laws of the country, and
preventing the constitutional authority of this
Government from exercising its legitimate func-
tions over them, were in such a condition^ as to
have no right to participate in the exercise of
the legislative, executive, and judicial powers
of the Federal Government. . •
Mr. L|EI BLOND, Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. ROGERS. I will for a question.
