1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
the President necessarily invests a general com-
manding in a district where it is declared that
it shall prevail, with plenary powers that is,
full power to enforce his will. The people may
be inclined to ask where the President got his
authority to invest any person with such power,
or where did he get the power to declare what
should be law. Does he himself profess this
absolute power? Notatall; he professes only
a limited executive power to enforce law, not
to make it. Our Federal Government is not
a sovereignty, but it professes only derivative,
limited powers, all of which have been dele-
gated to it by the States. It is the creation of
the States; and all powers not delegated to
it are reserved to the States or to the people.
As a matter of course such a Government can
do only what it has been empowered to do. The
Constitution created it and is the law of its
being, its enabling law ; it has enabled it to do
all that it may do. The natural person can do
only what the law of his nature has enabled
him to do ; he cannot do what is physically
impossible, because the law of his nature has
not enabled him to do it. The artificial per-
son, the Government, cannot do what is morally
impossible; the law of its being, the Consti-
tution, has not enabled it to do so. But as the
Government must be administered by agents
or officers, they may exceed its just powers;
this is usurpation. Where, then, did President
Lincoln get his power to proclaim martial law,
and to invest his officers with 1' plenary powers''
and whence is the power claimed by this bill
for Congress derived ? Where did he get the
power to prescribe a rule of conduct for the
people which has not been passed by Congress,
the only law-making power of the Government,
and the only body in which the people, through
their representatives, announce the public will,
which becomes the law ? There is no express
power given in the Constitution either to a
President or Congress to enforce martial law ;
that instrument is entirely silent on the subject.
The necessary logical consequence is, if it has
not been'given, it is not possessed by the Gov-
ernment or its officials. But it is said to be
an implied power, resulting from the war-
making power, or from the power to suppress
rebellions; these being expressly granted. But
there is now no rebellion. The resistance of
the southern people to Federal authority has
ceased. It is true, there are such things as
implied powers, resulting from that clause in
the Constitution which authorizes Congress—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into effect the foregoing powers.'
But what is the legitimate office of implied
powers? To give practical utility and energy
to some express power which would be defect-
ive or inefficient without incidental aid, or a
resort to implied power, which is supposed to
be included in the- grant. But such powers
are to be exercised with great caution and
limited to the sole purpose of carrying out
some express power from which they are sup-
posed to result as within the intention of the
framers of our organic law. And they must
receive the recognition of the legislative or
judicial department. It is not the province
of civil or military officers to judge of the exist-
ence and extent of implied powers. And it is
monstrous to suppose that a mere implied
power, something which is but auxiliary, should
not only become paramount to the express
grant from which it is deduced, but that it is
sufficiently potent to override the whole Con-
stitution, and to establish on its ruins an unre-
strained military despotism. Yet this is the
inevitable effect of "martial law i t i>; above all
restraints; it arrests, tries, and punishes by a
method of its own, unknown to the Constitu-
tion and the law, for offenses not made so by
the legislative department. Our Government
is republican in form ; it does not countenance
or tolerate anything which is anti-repablican;
and yet we see the singular spectacle of a
despotic Government springing from it, and
claiming legitimacy by construction. The Con-
stitution was ordained by the people as the
framework of Government, consisting of cer-
tain great fundamental principles, to be filled
out by legislation in strict accordance with
these principles, and not at variance with them.
But it was not intended to establish a flexible
thing, or an elastic fabric, that should be bent
by the breeze of popular opinion, or that should
change to any imaginable necessity, being a
Republic at one time, a despotism at another.
Whenever experience proves that amendment
is necessary, let it be made in the proper way,
and not by so straining the original framework
as to make it useless.
"Martial law" presupposes that the Consti-
tution is defective in not having granted suffi-
cient powers, or that it imposes improper
restraints, and also that legislation is insuffi-
cient, and it undertakes to remedy all defects
by a short method, by a total disregard of
both. In any well-regulated Government,
laws suited to the condition of the people
are prescribed by the legislative department.
Whatever is deemed wrong either as against
the public safety or individual security is pro-
hibited by law, and suitable tribunals, with
ample jurisdiction, are provided for trying and
punishing offenders. It is not a crime to do
what the law does not prohibit, and any one
who is punished for such an act is punished
wrongfully. Martial law, however, makes its
own crimes, and punishes in its own way. The
people may well complain that their inalienable
rights may be swept away by the breath of a
military commander or at the bidding of the
President.
The first objection to "martial law" as it is
defined, when tried by the critical tost of the
Constitution, and by the spirit and genius of
our Government, is that it makes the civil
power subordinate to the military power. NcM
one, surely, will deny that when the will of a
military commander at the head of an army is
announced as the law, and when he acts accord-
ingly, he is thus placed above the civil author-
ities. If there could be a doubt left on this
subject, it is completely removed by the broad
declaration of the same law-officer of the Gov-
ernment in his exposition of the province of
martial law, which he says will "justify the
military commander in summary and stringent
measures', which in the absence of martial law
might be deemed extraordinary and oppress-
ive." And why would they be deemed "ex-
traordinary and oppressive?" Because con-
trary to and in violation of the Constitution
and laws, neither of which permit, but on the
contrary prohibit, measures which are extraor-
dinary and oppressive. Of course when such
measures are put in practice, it must be in
virtue of some power which is above the re-
straints of the Constitution and the laws. The
civil authorities act under the laws, and cannot
proceed in a summary way, or_ impose "ex-
traordinary or oppressive" punishments; and
of course the power which can do so must bo
above or superior to the civil law.
The question then arises, can any power be
placed in this most extraordinary position?
Can any power be placed so far above the
Constitution as to deprive the citizen of the
sacred rights secured to him by that instru-
ment? For example, can the citizen be de-
prived of his liberty of speech, his liberty of
conscience, his right of trial by jury, and can
he be thus deprived in the face of that provision
which declares that—
"This Constitution, anrl the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall bo made, under
the authority of the United States, shall be the su-
preme law of the land."
What is meant by this language ? What is
the meaning of the words "supreme law?"
"Supreme" is a relative term, having rela-
tion to something below it, for to^ call that su-
preme which has nothing below it or inferior
to it would not be a very intelligible mode of
expression ; and certainly it would be absurd
to call that a supreme law which has another
law above it. Supreme law, then—and this
involves the idea of constitutionality—®eans
that which is above all other laws, in the States
or in the United States ; and being supreme, it
necessarily makes void and of *ft  effect what-
ever is contrary to it or in conflict with its pro-
visions. Where, then, do we get a foothold
for martial law to stand upon in harmony willi
the Constitution? It arrests without affidavit
and without warrant, it tries without jury, and
it punishes without offense. It will not be
doubfed, it is presumed, that if Congress were
to enact a code of laws after the pattern of
martial law it would be decided to be void by
every court in the country, provided the questi on
could ever be brought before a court. It is a
peculiarity of this system, however, that it docs
not need the incumbrances of courts and juries;
or if they should be at all in his way, the mili-
tary commander may suspend their functions.
It cannot be necessary at this day to enter
into a lengthy argument to prove what evory
one ought to know, that it is of the very essence
of a free Government that the military shall
always be subordinate to the civil power. This
is now an axiom in our American system of
government; it admits of no dispute. Most, or
perhaps all, of our State constitutions declare
this in express terms. It was not necessary so
to declare in the Constitution of the United
States, because it created but a limited Govern-
ment, which could do nothing but what it was
authorized to do, and especially could it not
pervert the whole purpose and object of its
creation. If the military may be placed above
the civil power, of course the Government may
be easily subverted and converted into a mili-
tary despotism. An army has always been re-
garded as dangerous to a State. A distinguished
writer on Government tells us " when a country
is to be enslaved the army is the instrument
to be used. No nation was ever enslaved but
by an army." Another tells us " whether our
enemies shall conquer us is uncertain; but
whether a standing army will enslave us neither
reason nor experience will suffer us to doubt."
And it is an easy matter to make a temporary
army a standing one.
The republic of Athens was subverted by
the power of an army which had its beginning
from fifty guards raised to protect a crafty
tyrant. A Prastorian guard in Rome made
reigning princes at pleasure, and once mur-
dered a good one and sold the kingdom at
auction to a bad one. The framers of our
Constitution had the solemn warnings of his-
tory before them; they knew that military
powerhad in all ages been the irresistible instru-
ment of oppression, and they surely did not
intend to foster such a foe to liberty by laying
a foundation from which it might spring up in
its most terrific form and claim by implication
a constitutional parentage. They could not
have forgotten that one of the causes of the
Revolution was that the king had affected^ to
make the civil power subordinate to the mili-
tary, and that another was that in many cases
he had deprived them of the right of trial by
jury, both of which wrongs and grievances
your bill proposes to inflict upon the people
of all the southern States.
Sir, these people went to war, as they sup-
posed, for sufficient cause, but which we
deemed insufficient cause. Had they had one
tithe of the cause for going to war then that
they would have now if this bill should pass,
if they did not go to war they would be the
veriest cravens that ever disgraced God's foot-
stool or dishonored His image. And yet,
sir, I suppose they will submit They have
been conquered, their country laid waste, and
ruin and desolation are all ai-ound them ; and
you, finding them in this subjugated, helpless,
blighted, ruined condition, propose the exer-
cise of a tyrant's power to drive them to
further desperation and madness. Sir, such
legislation is a disgrace to a civilized age, and
those who advocate it I am afraid will live to
regret it. .
Martial law has reestablished the griev-
ances which our fathers thought good^ cause
for revolution, and it is perfectly certain that
they did not intend to revive them; and yet
they are revived to a far greater extent than
ever they were practiced by George III, and
