1867.
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sir, what was my motion tKis morning? I
am satisfied that the previous question was
voted down because my proposition Was not
understood. What was it? It was that instead
of having forty or more members arrayed before
us and pat through a sort of schoolboy pro-
cess of answering all sorts of questions, for the
purpose, no doubt, of adding to the dignity of
this House—and no one is so fruitful in this
mode of examination as my distinguished friend
from Ohio [Mr. S'chenck]—I desired that all
the. members under arrest should be discharged
from custody upon payment of the usual fees.
It is true the adoption of my motion would
probably have robbed him [Mr. Schbnok] and
the world of those glittering witticisms with
which; like lightning flashes, he has essayed
from time to time to illumine this House.
[Laughter.] The result of the adoption of
my motion would have been to place these
delinquents upon precisely the footing that all
were placed last night—to discharge them upon
the payment of the usual fees. But the previ-
ous question was voted down because my
proposition was misunderstood by many and
misrepresented by others. It was my desire
simply to save time. Sir, we had been ap-
Sealed to by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
[orrill] and by the chairmen of various com-
mittees, who stated that the business of the
House was pressing, while the hours of the
session were rapidly passing away.
Mr. GRINNliLL. Then why does the gen-
tleman consume tlie time himself?
Mr. ORTH. The gentleman from Iowa is
the last man io talk to me in regard to the
consumption of time. Mr. Speaker, I sup-
posed this whole matter could be disposed of
by my motion in the short space of five or ten
minutes, and the dignity of this House asserted
and maintained to its fullest extent.
Under the operation of my motion the Jour-
nal of this Congress will show that some forty
of its members were arrested this morning for
absenting themselves without leave from our
deliberations ; it will contain the names of the
delinquents; that they were discharged by order
of the House upon payment of the usual fee.
Will not this reeord satisfy gentlemen who
seem to have the dignity of the House in their
special keeping? We shall, by the adoption
of this course, assert our power in the preser-
vation of our rules, save time, now so precious
for more important legislation, and vindicate
our dignity to at least as full an extent as it
was preserved during the twenty hours of our
boisterous session of yesterday. I trust the
motion will prevail.
Oh, says the gentleman from Ohio, we must
punish these men. What is the punishment
he proposes? He and I, sir, have stood at the
bar of this House as mutual delinquents and
enormous fees were imposed upon us, of which
he and I up to this day have never paid the
first red, [laughter,] and we never will.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I will ask
whether the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Okth,] not having paid the fine imposed upon
him by this House, is entitled to address the
House. I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order for the reason that the gentle-
man's fine was in reference to the first call at
last evening's session, and that call was dis-
pensed with by the House.
Mr. ORTH. I have no more to say.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask the House to hear
my amendment as I have modified it. It ex-
cepts members fined under the first call, and
also members who left the House after the first
call of the- House, and proposes that all those
excepted shall be discharged upon the pay-
ment of double the usual fees.
Now, I desire to say but a very few words in
answer to the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Orth.J I do not understand, nor did I at the
time I moved this amendment, that it con-
flicted with his .proposition in any manner
whatever. It concedes as does his that those
members of the House who have been arrested
and brought to the bar of the House, and who
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 44.
had no knowledge of the call of the House,
shall be discharged on payment of the usual
fees; but it provides that those gentlemen who
had been brought to the bar of the House and
had been fined for their absence, and who had
knowledge of the call of the House, shall be
doubly fined. I refer to the men who went
away from the House in the midst of the strug-
fle to carry through this measure and aban-
oned us.
My amendment provides: first, that those
members who had no knowledge of the call of
the House shall be fined in the usual amount;
and secondly, that those members shall be
doubly fined who had knowledge of the call of
the House, and who left the House knowingly
and willfully, leaving us here to struggle, as we
did, for some ten or twelve hours, who, if they
had been here a,s they ought to have been and
had stood by us, would have saved us from the
mortification and humiliation of that defeat
which, I acknowledge, we feceived from the
hands of the minority this morning.
Now, having said this much, I move the pre-
vious question on the resolution and the pend-
ing amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment. I am in favor of the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. DELANO. What are the usual fees?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will find
that in the Statutes-at-Large, volume nine, and
also in the Digest.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask whether or
not all these fees will not go into the pocket
of the Sergeant-at-Arms?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has never in-
vestigated that point. It is a matter regulated
by law. The rule in reference to that subject
is to be found on page 176 of the Digest.
The question being on Mr. Farqithar's
amendment, it was put; and there were—ayes
54, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution
as amended; and being put, said resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman who has
been arrested and who desires to make ex-
cuse and have a separate vote on his case, will
now present himself at the bar to make that
excuse.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I do, sir.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Taylor, you have
been absent from the sessions of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
offer for that absence ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I would state in vindication of myself that I
am in the habit of attending very closely to my
duties in this House. Butfor the last six weeks
from one to three of my family have been sick.
During that time I have lost a great deal of
sleep and have given a great deal of attention
to those that are sick. Under these circum-
stances I paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Maynard, about five or six o'clock yesterday
evening, not anticipating a long session of the
House. I say this in justification of myself.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move that
the gentleman be excused without payment of
fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
suggest that the excuse should not occupy more
than one minute in its statement.
The SPEAKER. No limitation of time can
be imposed except by unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I merely
desired to make the suggestion.
Mr. Baldwin, one of the absentees, presented
himself at the bar of the House.
•The SPEAKER. Mr. Baldwin, you have
been absent from the sessions of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
render for having been thus absent?
Mr. BALDWIN. My only excuse is this-:
for" some considerable time past I have been
troubled with a very severe inflammation of the
throat, and my physician has recommended
me not to go out of doors at night. For that
reason yesterday I went home before the night
came on.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwts] be dis-
charged from the custody of the Sergeantat-
Arms without the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
No other of the absentees appeared at the
bar to render an excuse for being absent with-
out leave.
HON. JOHN H. FARQUHAR.
Mr. KASSON. I arise to a question of priv-
ilege. and offer for consideration at the present
time the following resolution :
Renolved, That the Hon. Mr. Faequhae, amemher
of this House, from Indiana, having daring its last
session forced his way into this IlouSe without its per-
mission during a call of the House, and after the
doors had been closed by its order, be tapeji into cus-
tody by the Sergeant-at-Arms and brought to the
bar of the House, to abide its order in respeot to his
contempt of its rules.
Mr. UPSON. The resolution assumes that
which is not in evidence before this body.
Mr. KASSON. I charge the facts so to be
upon direct information. Now, I wish to say
that I regard myself, as well as the other Cul-
prits presented at the bar of the House with
such extraordinary stringency this morning, aa
having a valid excuse for leaving the House at
a very late hour last night, being unable to
remain here without very great personal dis-
comfort from physical prostration and fatigue.
But I do not and did not present that excuse
this morning; nor will I deny that my physi-
cal strength might have sustained me here
through the entire session of yesterday. But
when the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Far-
quhar] gets up on this floor and with a voice
that resounds throughout the Hall and the gal-
leries of this Chamber, demands a vindication
of the dignity and rules of this House, I can-
not resist the inclination to call the attention
of the House to the fact that there has befia a
violation of its rules committed by the gentle-
man from Indiana himself, much greater than
passing out of the doors of this Hall after they
have been opened.
By an order of this House, under proceed-
ings instituted under a call of the House, the
doors of this Hall were closed. I, with others,
sat here continually from early morning until
late at night for the purpose of getting on with
the business. I sat at my desk here, working
at intervals on matters connected with business
before my committee. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Farqwhar] was absent from the
House without its leave. After the doors had
been closed for the purpose of ascertaining
who were within the Hall to aid in the transac-
tion of the business of the House, and who
were absent from its sessions without its leave,
my friend from Indiana, instead of waiting for
the order of the House to have its doors again
opened, when he would have been brought in
herebytheSergeant-at-Arms, "forced hisway
in," as one gentleman says, "slipped in," as
another says, and thus evaded the responsi-
bility which the rules of the House imposed
upon him.
•Now, I took the whole responsibility of ab-
senting myself last night, and when proceed-
ings under the call were suspended at ten or
eleven o'clock, and the doors 'were opened to
everybody, I availed myself of the opportunity
to retire and refresh my exhausted physical
energies by getting something to eat.
Now, under these circumstances, I say it
hardly lies in the mouth of my eloquent friend
from Indiana [Mr. FaRQUHAr] to demand a
vindication of the dignity of this House and
the observance of its rules by members. Let
the responsibility rest where it belongs; but
let not those who-have themselves violated the
