690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
rules of the House rise here and demand that
those who from physical necessity left the House
through the open doors shall be brought to its
bar and subjected to the action of the House.
Now, sir, I am of course ready to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Far-
quhar,] if he desires to show .cause why he
should not present, himself at the bar of the
House. Otherwise I shall-move the previous
question.
.Mr. FARQUHAR rose.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to the gentleman,
retaining my right to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kassojj] will allow me to suggest that, in
presenting this resolution, he is asking the
Hosse to vote an affirmation of facts of which
it knows nothing.
Mr. KASSON. It will know in a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether it
will or not.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that if I have been arrested by the
Sergeant-at-Arms of this House I am prepared
to go in custody of that officer to the bar of the
House to answer any charge that may be made
against me. Sir, I ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether he makes the charge against me
or against the Sergeant-at-Arms for dereliction
of duty. If the Sergeant-at-Arms arrested me
why was I uot brought to the bar of the House?
If I was in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
I am ready to appear at the bar.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARQUHAR. I do not yield to the
gentleman now.
Mr. KASSON. I thought the gentleman
asked me a question,-and I wished to answer it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. The gentleman from
Iowa rises in his seat and prefers charges
against me—that I have been absent from the
House without lgave; that I have been arrested
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and that afterward I
forced myself into the House in violation of
its order. Sir, I deny this utterly. I appeal
•to the record to show whether I have ever
been arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms or have
ever forced my way into this House. If I am
not misinformed the records of this House
show that on the first call last night I was
present. I was absent from the House when
the doors were closed ; but I came here volun-
tarily, without being arrested. I came here
seeking to take my seat. I came to that door,
and the Doorkeeper informed me that I could
-not come in. I demanded it as my right to
come into the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives. [Laughter.]
Gentlemen will please hold a little while.
"When I shall have stated the case they will
understand it. I am pleased, Mr. Speaker,
that I am enabled to so edify and delight the
distinguished gentlemen around me as to bring
out such a burst of laughter when I tell them
that I came to the door of the House and
sought to come to my seat. I was informed by
the T)oorkceper that the doors were closed, and
that if I attempted to come in I might bring
them into trouble. I turned away pleasantly,
and they sent word to the Speaker, when the
Sergeant-at-Arms stepped out and informed
me that he had no warrant for me, invited me
to my seat, and assured me that my record was
all right. Now, sir, if that officer arrested me
why was I not brought to the bar? He did
not arrest me. I appeal to the Sergeant-at-
Arms ; I appeal to the record. _ Sir, I never
flinch from any proper responsibility. If I
em amenable to this House I am ready to go
to its bar and answer.
But, sir, whatever may be the fact in regard
to that matter, is that any reason why I should
not rise in my seat and call the attention of the
House to the facts with regard to the gentle-
men who have been before .its bar to-day? I
have done this as a matter of duty. I have not
done it for the purpose of mulcting these gen-
tlemen, toward each of whom I entertain the
kindest personal feelings, for the amount of
their fines, because I know that they will never
be required to pay them. I have done it, as I
before remarked, that the matter might go
upon the records of the House as a precedent
for the future. It was . for this purpose, and
this purpose alone, that I took the floor to
move my amendment. If I am amenable to
the House I am ready to go before its bar at
any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he has no recollection of having received any
message from any of those gentlemen who
were in arrest for absence from the House
without leave.
• Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman from
Indiana utterly denies the charge set forth in
the resolution, and I make the point of order,
therefore, that the resolution is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as that is a matter for the House
to determine.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from In-
diana so far from denying has admitted the
charge.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I deny that I forced
my way into the House.
Mr. KASSON. Why, there is not any ques-
tion of the fact. It is proved by his own decla-
ration. Is it not eorreetly incorporated in the
resolution that he forced his way into the
House?
Mr. FARQUHAR. No, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I will not force the House
on that. His declaration now made is that
when he appeared at the door the door was
closed, and he was told that he could not come
in. Afterward he appeared again and the
Sergeant-at-Arms stepped out. What that
means I have no power to say; but the gen-
tleman from Indiana came in, and neither the
Sergeant-at-Arms nor any other man had the
right to revoke the order of the House clos-
ing the door. It was impossible for a member
lawfully to come in after the doorg were closed
unless under the order that the Sergeant-at-
Arms shall bring him in.
When thirty or forty members were this
morning at the bar the gentleman was very
willing and anxious that the full penalty should
be imposed. If he puts the yoke upon our
necks let him then gracefully bear it himself.
I charge that the gentleman entered after the
door was closed; that is the charge in the reso-
lution, and he does not deny it
One more word. He says that he has not
been under arrest. I presume no one of the
forty who were at the bar this morning was un-
der arrest. The Sergeant-at-Arms came to my
desk and .said he had my name on his list, and
then went away. That is an arrest by the com-
mon consent of the House; and when the gen-
tleman was arrested he could not come into the
House except on the order of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. He could not have come in under the
permission of the Speaker. The Speaker would
not have granted it, for it would have been un-
just to others. I say he had no right to come
in. He said the Sergeant-at-Arms did not bring
him in, and that is the only way he could come
in. If that is not forcing one's way into the
House in violation of its rules I do not know
what is.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, we are told
"blessed are the peacemakers." I find my-
self now occupying precisely the same position
before the House in regard to my colleague
[Mr. Farquhar] which I occupied this morn-
ing in regard to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kasson. ] I understand the resolution of the
gentleman from Iowa charges that my col-
league forced his way into this House. I un-
derstand, furthermore, that my colleague does
deny the charge contained in the resolution of
my friend from Iowa. I hope, therefore, he
will not ask for its adoption at the present
time. What I ask of my friend from Iowa is,
that the mercy shown to him he ought to show
to others.
My colleague denies the fact stated in every
particular; and I ask the gontleman from Iowa
whether, under this state of things, before
proceeding to ask for th« adoption of his reso-
lution, it would not be better that the resolu-
tion should be referred to a select committee
to examine and report on the facts? .
Mr. KASSON. I think the facts already
sufficiently appear to the House. At any rate,
whatever facts the gentleman has he can state
at the bar of the House in answer to the reso-
lution. I say that is the place, at the bar of
the House, for him to make his statement, and
not here, in answer to the charge that he forced
himself into the House. When he has made
his statement he will be treated perhaps like
all the others. That is all. He knows this is
done in as good temper as anything which has
been done this morning.
Mr. UPSON. The Journal shows that the
gentleman answered to the roll-call, and he
therefore cannot be held to be in contempt of
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the effect of this will be, if adopted,
to prevent the gentleman from Indiana from
practicing in the courts of the United States?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. TheChairthinksitwillnot.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 81,
noes 65.
Mr. ORTH. I would inquire, if the House
refuse to second the previousquestion, whether
it will not then be in order to move to refer
the resolution to a select or standing com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
74, noes 41.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
The main question was ordered on the adop-
tion of the resolution—ayes 81, noes 35.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. On that I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion if
it is to be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I renew it.
Mr. ORTH. And on it I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 48, not voting
41 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anoona, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter.
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Ckanler, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook ,
Cooper, Cullom, Darling, Defrees, Delano, Demine
Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Jiekley.
Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell>
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby,
Hill, Hise, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard. John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, Le Blond, Loan. Longyear, Lynch,
MeClurg, Mclndoe. MeKee, McRuer. Mercur, Mil-
ler, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perliam, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J.Randall. Alexander H.
Rice. John H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofiola,
Shellabarger, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, and James I.
Wilson—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Bingham, Boyer, Branae-
gee, Bromweil, Campbell, Dawes, Dawson, jTarns-
worth, Glossbrenner, Goodyear. Griswolu, Aaron
Harding, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Edwin N. Hub-
bell. James R. Hubbell, Hunter, Jenekes. Kasson,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, Leftwieh, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, Moorhead, Nicholson, Piko.
Plants, Radford, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Shanklm,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stilvvell, Taber, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Robert T. Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
Stephen F.Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Baldwin, Blaine, Blow. Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Davis. Dixon, Farquhar,
Finck, Harris, Hart, Henderson. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, William Lawrenco,
Marston, MeCullough, Newell, Noell, William H.
Randall, Rousseau, Schenck, Spalding, Strouse,
Thayer. John L. Thomas, Van Aornam, Andrew H.
Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washbume,TWha-
ley, and Wright—41.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
