1867.
THE COtfiGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I now move
that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] is entitled to the floor on the
consideration of business which was interrupt-
fed at one o'clock by a question of privilege.
He is entitled to the remainder of the morning
hour.
RECORDING OF VOTES.
Mr. HISE. I ask the privilege of having
my vote recorded on the bill which was before
the House yesterday and' this morning relating
to the test oath.,
The SPEAKER. The rule, to be found on
page 192 of the Digest, adopted several years
ago, forbids the Speaker entertaining such a
proposition, even by unanimous consent, after
the result of the vote has been announced. It
can only be done .by suspending the rules on
Monday. *
OFFICERS OP UNITED STATES COURTS AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 872, to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the fees and costs to be
allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes," approved February
26, 1853.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after $2,000, in the second paragraph
of the first section, the words " per annum, in-
cluding fees and emoluments received for ser-
- vices rendered by deputies.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to strike out section
two, as follows :
That is part of the compensation before allowed,
there shall hereafter be paid te each and every Uni-
ted States marshal for each and every 3ay of the year
a per diem compensation of five dollars, subject to
no contingency whatever except removal from office,
by death or otherwise.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That when the entire compensation of any mar-
shal, including the fees and emoluments received for
services rendered by deputy, shall be less than $2,000
per annum, the difference, to be ascertained and al-
lowed by the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury, shall be paid to him therefrom.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] to
the second section of this bill, and to ask him
whether the change proposed in that section
will be likely to increase the salary of the
United States marshal for the eastern district
of Pennsylvania? I merely want to know,
for I do not want the salary of that official
increased. I move now to strike out section
four of the bill, which is as follows:
Skc. 4. And beit further enacted, That the criers and
bailiffs of the courts of the United States appointed
in pursuance of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, shall be allowed the sum of three dollars per
day, to be paid by and included in the accounts of
the marshal, out of any money of the United States
in his hands. The compensation to be given only for
actual attendance; and when both courts are in ses-
sion at one time to be paid but for attendance on
one court.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That in lieu of the compensation now allowed to
the criers and bailiffs of the circuitand district courts
of the United States held in thecities of Boston. New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans, and
San Franoisco by the sixth section of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act to regulate the fees and costs
to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys in the
circuit and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes," approved February 26,1853, the
criers and bailiffs of said courts shall be allowed and
paid for their services the sum of $940, to be paid by
and inoluded in the accounts of the marshal out of
any money in his hands.
The object of my amendment is to change
the phraseology of the law. These officials
are now entitled only to so much per diem for
an actual day's attendance, and so far as the
district and circuit courts in .Pennsylvania and
New York are concerned these officials are
actually in attendance almost eveiy day. But
on account of the change in prices, and the
increased amount of duties imposed upon these
men, I propose that they shall have a perma-
nent salary of $940 per annum.
Mr. COOK. I move to recommit the bill
with the amendments to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
The motion was entered.
RETIREMENT OF TREASURY NOTES,
On motion of Mr.WILJjIAMS, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was discharged from the
further consideration of joint resolution of the
House, No. 240, suspending the cancellation or
retirement of legal-tender Treasury notes for
the term of two years, and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
JURIES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, bill of the House No. 901,
to regulate the selection of juries for the sev-
eral courts of the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that all grand
and jjetit jurors to serve either in the criminal,
circuit, or district courts, in and for the District
of Columbia, shall be selected and designated
in such manner and at such times as the judges
of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, or a majority of the judges thereof, may
determine: provided that the persons so des-
ignated shall be citizens of the United States,
resident within said District, and shall be re-
turned as the said judges may direct upon writs
of venire facias. And when, by reason of chal-
lenge or other cause, there shall not be a suffi-
cient grand or petit jury, the marshal or his dep-
uty shall, by order of the court wherein such
defect of jurors shall happen, return jurymen
de talibus circumstantibus sufficient to supply
such defect; but in case the marshal and his
deputy are interested in the event of the cause,
or not indifferent, the jurors aforesaid may be
returned by such disinterested person as the
court shall appoint; and to which person the
court shall first administer an oath or affirm-
ation that he will truly and impartially make
such returns.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I demand the previous
question on the bill. *
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VACANCY IN PRESIDENTIAL OFFICII.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House bill No. 2, to amend the act de-
claring the officer who shall act as President
of the United States in case of vacancies in
the office both of the President and Vice
President, approved March 1, 1792, with a rec-
ommendation.that the same do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
of removal, death, resignation, or inability,
both of the President and Vice President of
the United States, the President of the Senate
pro tempore, and in case there shall be no
President of the Senate then the Speaker of
the House of Representatives for the time
being, and in case there shall be no Speaker
of the House of Representatives then the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States,, and in case there shall be no Chief Jus-
tice then the justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States who shall have been longest
commissioned, shall act as President of the
United States until the disability be removed
or a President shall be elected.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was to add to the bill the following sec-
tions :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the offices of President and Vice President shall both
become vacant, the Secretary of State shall, if the
Senate and House of Representatives by concurrent
resolution so request and direct, forthwith cause a
notification thereof to bemade to the Executives of
every State, and shall also cause the same to he pub-
lished in at least one of the newspapers printed in
eaeh State, specifying that electors of President and
Vice President shall be chosen in the several States
within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day in the December then next ensuing: Provided,
There shall be a spaceoftwo months between the date
of such notification and the said first Wednesday in
December. But if there shall not be the space of two
months between the date of such notification and the
said first Wednesday in December, or if the term for
which the President and Vice President last in office
•were elected shall not expire on the 3d day of March
next ensuing, then the Secretary of State shall specify
in the notification that the electors shall be chosen
within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day in December oftheyearthennextensuing, within
which time the electors shall accordingly he chosen,
and the electors shall meet and give their votes on
the said first Wednesday in December; and the pro-
ceedings and duties of the said electors and others
shall be pursuant to the directions prescribed by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the offices of President and Vice President shall both
become vacant when Congress is not in session, it
shall be the duty of the officer discharging the duties
and powers of the office of President forthwith to
issue a proclamation convening both Houses of the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. Is it the design of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bootwell] to
pat this bill upon its passage at this time ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is for the members
of the House to determine.
Mr. HALE. I perceive that the Committee
on the Judiciary have gone back to the old
law and provided for the choosing of electors
within thirty-four days preceding the first Wed-
nesday in December. For some years past we
have had a law fixing the Tuesday after the
first Monday in November. I would suggest
to the gentleman the propriety of adopting that
language in this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will briefly explain
the provisions of this bill as proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to be amended.
It changes the succession in case of vacancies
in the offices both of President and of Vice
President by adding to the offices named in
the existing law on whom the office of Presi-
dent would devolve, first the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States; and
secondly, the associate justice of the Supreme
Court whose commission shall be the oldest.
Those are the only changes made in regard to
the succession.
The existing law provides that whenever
vacancies shall occur in the offices, both of
President and Vice President, the Secretary of
State shall issue his order—there is na dis-
cretion whatever vested in him—his order to
the Executives of the several States, and an
election for President must take place. There
are no lawful means by which the election can
then be avoided.
Now, the Committee on the Judiciary havo
examined the matter in reference to whether
it is possible by law to provide for the election
of President and Vice President to fill out the
term for which the President and Vice Presi-
dent last elected were originally elected. I
believe the committee are unanimously of the
opinion that there is no power in Congress to
Eass a law to fill the vacancy by an election,
f an election takes place under the existing
law it must be for four years from the 4th
day of the March next ensuing the day of
election.
The objection to the existing law is this: tha
presidential term covers two Congresses. If a
vacancy should occur at any time during tha
term of President and Vice President there are
no means by which an election by the people
can be avoided; and the persons elected woulcj
hold their offices for four years from the 4th
day of the next March. As the vacancy may
occur during the first year of a Congress, it will
be seen that the symmetry of our Government,
as shown by the presidential and eongressienal
