1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
sion, a thing unknown in American history
till Abraham Lincoln became a statesman and
Edwin M. Stanton a patriot.
Their liberties were thus placed under the
discretion of the monarch. The pressure on
Charles was so great that at length he was
obliged to convoke a Parliament. The House
of Commons was composed of the foremost
men in England—foremost in talent, in firm-
ness, in independence, and in devotion to
liberty. Being determined to rebuke and to
check the usurpations of the Crown, a$d to
reiterate and protect their ancient rights, the
"Petition of Right" was prepared for that
purpose. It was introduced, discussed, and
passed in defiance of the threats of the king and
his ministers. Compromises were offered, but
the Commoners would not yield, and Charles
was obliged to sign it; and for failing to observe
it in good faith he lost his head. This
celebrated instrument recited the grievances
under which the people had been laboring,
one, and not the least of which, was that com-
missions of martial law had been issued and
men had been imprisoned without any cause
shown.
Yes, sir, the fathers of English liberty be-
headed their king because he had illegally
issued military commissions ; and you, the
descendants of the men who fought one of
the kings of England —and our grievances
then did not bear any comparison with those
which you now propose to inflict by this bill—
in the nineteenth century are repeating the
outrages of Charles. He lost his head for his
outrages upon liberty. What will the friends
of liberty and the admirers of liberty, when
your stormy passions shall cease, if not before,
when you lie still in the grave, think of you,
and your proposed outrages upon civil liberty
and constitutional law ? Let not your memo-
ries be cursed by all the friends of free gov-
ernment and civil liberty in the future. Think
not that your reputation will be safe in the
future. Think not, if this be your action, that
you will go down to the grave with honored
names. The oppressors of the weak, the foes
of the right, may prosper for a time; but God
is just. He is the fountain of justice.' He
will take care of it that retributive justice shall
either meet you in this life or in that which is
to come.
To remedy this particular evil the provision
we now have in our Constitution was inserted
in the " Petition of Right." This being the
history of that constitutional provision, I as-
sert that it was intended to prevent the exer-
cise of martial law, inasmuch as that was its
object in England. Wo must suppose the
framers of our Constitution knew something
of history, and when they inserted precisely
such a provision as had existed in England
they intended it should answer precisely the
same end it had answered in England ; that
is, to guard against arbitrary arrests and the
exercise of martial law. The inference is irre-
sistible; there is no escape from it. They
knew the evil and they knew the remedy. Not-
withstanding this safeguard thrown around us
we are now in the depressed condition the peo-
ple of England were in under the tyrannical
reign of Charles; but we have not such a
House of Commons to give us relief. Our
authorities have done and are now doing with
impunity such acts as caused an English king
to lose his head. That which was a remedy
for an evil in England is disregarded here.
The Queen England would not dare to do
at this day what President Lincoln has done;
and the British Parliament would not dare to
do what Congress proposes by this bill to do.
Indeed, it has been judicially declared to be
out of her power to declare martial law. And
such a thing has not existed in England for
two hundred years, except in two instances,
when it was declared by Parliament in virtue
of its attribute of omnipotence. Our limited
constitutional Government does not hesitate,
however, to declare and enforce martial law;
and American citizens, under their boasted
constitutional liberty, will meekly submit to
acts of usurpation which would dethrone a
British monarch. What a commentary on
what is miscalled free Government! An Eng-
lishman may well boast of his freedom; his
monarch knows the penalty for a violation of
the sacred rights of his subjects. An Ameri-
can is content with the name, the idle and
senseless boast of having freedom in form,
which his President or a Congress may tram-
ple on at pleasure; and yet he, in his degraded
condition, boasts of the name of a freeman
while wearing the manacles of a slave. His
great Charter says that no person shall be
arrested without warrant founded on affidavit;
but a President has said, "I declare martial
law, and invest my lieutenants with power to
arrest any one without warrant, without oath,
and to imprison him at pleasure, try him with-
out jury, and punish him according to the will
of a military commander;" and Congress now
proposes to do the same thing. I repeat, then,
not only are arbitrary arrests, either under
martial law or without it, not allowed by in-
ference or construction of any clause in the
Constitution, but expressly prohibited by it in
words so appropriate that it is impossible to
mistake their meaning, and by no fair and
legitimate course of reasoning can their mean-
ing be perverted.
The next provision in the Constitution to
which I wish to direct attention is the fifth
article of the Amendments, which is in these
words:
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital,
orotherwisoinfamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except incases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in
actualservice in time of war or public danger."
This language is so plain that no reasoning,
no illustration can make it clearer. This is
one of the safeguards placed around the lib-
erty of the citizen by the dictates of judgment,
founded on the history of oppression in past
ages. Like the preceding article, it originated
from abuses practiced in the barbarous days
of that nation from which we chiefly derive
our ideas of the necessary checks against the
encroachments on liberty. This provision se-
cures the benefit of a grand jury to every per-
son and in every criminal ease, except only in
cases arising in the Army or Navy. The excep-
tion is so clearly marked and defined as to leave
no room to doubt as to what class of cases and
persons it applies. To be within the exception
the person must have belonged to the land or
naval forces, and the case must have originated
in the land or naval forces, or in the militiawhen
in actual service. By what possible forced con-
struction can mere citizens, men over age and
boys under age, the man of eighty, the boy
under sixteen, and the women of the country
be deprived of the right here secured to them ?
The exception only applies to persons belong-
ing to or connected with the land or naval
forccs, and the reason of the exception is per-
fectly apparent; it is founded on necessity and
it ends with the necessity ; it was because
resort could not be had to civil tribunals in
the class of cases excepted, and because the
discipline and the efficiency of the Army and
Navy could not wait the tardy process of civil
law.
Yet, we have seen a court of "star cham-
ber' ' established under the name of a " military
commission," for the trial of all persons and
for all grades of offenses the existence of which
court this bill proposes to make perpetual.
The civil tribunals of the country are stripped
of their constitutional jurisdiction and have
become useless incumbrances in the system of
government, and the Constitution is a sort or
peace establishment, to take effect only when
a state of peace shall be proclaimed, which
may be postponed at the pleasure of the Ex-
ecutive or at least of Congress. The clangor
of arms and the array of armies are no longer
the indicia of war; it exists wherever those in
authority shall choose to say it exists, and while
it docs so exist the Government is transformed ;
martial law and the law of nations are made
to supersede the Constitution and convert the
country into a camp, and subject the people to
the will of a commander.
The English law, when it was disgraced by
what were called constructive treasons, was a
mild and humane system compared to our own
as recently administered and as the advocates
of the bill would have it now administered in ^
the South. The tyrant Jeffreys, while carry- *
ing on King James's celebrated western cam-
paign, though he made the law to bend to
satiate his thirst for blood, still gave the unfor-
tunate victims of his vengeance the forms of
trial by course of law. They were indicted by
grand jury and tried by petit jury. These we
dispense with as useless ceremonials, and our
citizens are tried without the intervention of
either.
This same article contains the further pro-
vision that " no person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law." What is due process of law? Wo
know what it was under Magna Charta, from
which we derive this provision, and it has been
already shown that Charles's commissions to
proceed by " martial law" were considered so
gross a violation of this provision in Magna
Charta that the Petition of Right to check
these violations of the rights of Englishmen
was introduced and passed by Parliament. Wc
have the principles of Magna Ch%rta and the
Petition of Right fully incorporated into our
Constitution, but they are far less potent than
in England ; there they put an end to martial
law ; here it flourishes under it.
The remaining provision of the Constitution
to which I would direct particular attention is
the sixth article of the Amendments, which
declares that—
. "In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an im-
partial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed," &c.
This of course does not refer to cases aris-
ing in the land or naval forces, for the excep-
tion in the preceding article applies also to
this. But this provision secures to _ every
citizen, to any person not connected with the
Army, the Navy, or the militia in actual ser-
vice, the right of trial by jury ; and before it
can be taken from them, some law, some au-
thority higher than the Constitution must be
shown. It will not do to fall back on martial
law or the laws of nations ; they do not,, they
cannot, deprive the citizen of his right to trial
by jury, and the absurdity lies in _ relying _ on
the precedents of monarchies and in applying
them to our constitutional Government. The
precedents of sovereignties can never apply to
a limited Government without extending to it
the attributes of a sovereignty. Queen Eliza-
beth established her court of high commissions,
more terrible than the star chamber; but can
our President or Congress do the same? But
even that self-willed monarch, when she com-
plained that martial law had not been prac-
ticed, was admonished by her ministers that
such a law could only be enforced in times of
rebellion by authority of Parliament. We,
however, practiced and enforced it long after
civil war lias ceased, and it is now sought to
be made the law in the southern States,^ al-
though no hostile arm has been raised against
the Government for nearly two years. What
Queen Elizabeth did not dare to do under her
almost unlimited prerogative our President
does with impunity. Citizens have been tried,
they have been executed, long since the war
ceased. Why or how is this? It is simply
by usurpation ; by trampling the Constitution
under foot, and by erecting a military despot-
ism on its ruins; for the people are now and
have been living under an unmitigated despot-
ism. The Constitution has been, by construe
tion, by the exercise of ordinary power, set
aside, and martial law and the laws of nations
constitute now the supreme law of the land.
The pretext for all these violations of our
rights is that the President and Congress jiacl a
right to suppress rebellion; but in doing this
has he or Congress a right to disregard all the
provisions of the Constitution? Not at all;
