THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 23,
terms, will be inJ danger* of injury, and there
will be no power by legislative action to restate
the Government to its original harmony. •
Now, sir, the bill proposes to change the
law in thjs particular 5 it provides that when-
ever a V&cancy shall occur, ia the office of
President and Vice President during the recess
Of Ooflgress it shall be thediity of' the person
performing the duties of th&6'ffice of President
to convene immediately both Houses of Con-
gress. Then it is made the duty of the Secre-
tary of Stite to isgn^ warrants for an election,
if he shall fee required and directed so to do
by aeon current resolution of the two Houses
Of Congress. The effect'will be to'render it
optional with the Congress of the United States
to determine that there shall be an election,
Or to leave the executive department of the
Government to be administered until the com-
mencement of the next regular term by the
officer' who may be discharging the duties of
the office.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman, I think, fails
to appreciate the particular point to which I
sought; to call his attention. The old law in
regard to the election of electors of President
and Vice President provided that the electors
should be appointed within thirty-four days
preceding the first Wednesday in December.
By the present law a specific day has been
fixed—the Tuesday following the first Monday
in November. This bill follows, in this respect,
the provision of the old law. I suggest that it
ought to be amended so as to conform to the
present practice, by fixing the Tuesday after
the first Monday of November as the day of
election.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I should not object to
that, although no action of the committee has
been had in regard to that point. We left it
according to the provision of the old law, sup-
§osing that the Secretary of State, under the
irection of Congress, "would' designate some
day within the limits specified. The commit-
tee thought it might be wise to allow hiui that
discretion.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that under the construction given to the
old law, that discretion would reside with the
States, and not with the Secretary of State.
Mr. BOUTWELL. With the consent of the
House I will amend the bill so as to corre-
spond with the existing law, in accordance with
the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hale.]
The amendment was read, as follows :
Strike out the words "within thirty-four days pre-
ceding the first Wednesday in December" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " the Tuesday after the
first Monday."
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. and the bill will be so amended.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, this bill is of
more importance than many members are prob-
ably aware. According to the explanation
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bootwell] has given, it authorizes the Con-
gress of the United States to determine whether
a presidential election shall be held or not in
case of a vacancy in the office of both Presi-
dent and Vice President. The result would
be, that if a President and Vice President
should die in the early part of the term, and
the office should devolve upon a person who
suited the views of Congress there would be
110 election; while if the person upon whom
the office devolved was not satisfactory to the
political opinions of Congress an election
would be ordered. In other words, the bill
proposes to allow Congress to control the whole
question of whether a new election shall be
held or not in ease of the death of the Presi-
dent and Vice President. The taking away of
this power from the people and lodging it with
Congress may be productive of difficulty in
the future. The real question—and it is one
which ought to be fairly and fully considered—
is whether by positive law the right should not
be secured to the people of expressing, in case
of the death of the President and" Vice Presi-
dent, their preference as to who should occupy
the presidential office. The Constitution of
the United States designates the Vice Presi-
dent to fill the office in case of a vacancy';
but it goes no further. All those who vote tor
President and Vice President understand per-
fectly well that in case of the death of thfe
President the Vice President shall serve for
the residue of the term. But no implication
of the Constitution suggests that in case of the
death of both President and Vice President
the people shall be deprived of the right of
deciding by their ballots who shall represent
them as President for the remainder of the
term.'
Looking to the importance of that one point
it strikes me this bill should be set down for
some {lay when it may be discussed. I do not
think this House is ready to adopt it at once.
I have no objection to the details of the bill.
I think some law should be passed providing
for the holding of an election to supply the
vacancy occasioned by the death of the Presi-
dent and Vice President. It is an important
matter and the people should be consulted, and
the House should be consulted whether they
will give to Congress, taking it awaj from the
people, the power to say who will' represent
them in case of the death of the President and
Vice President.
Mr. JENCKES. The act as drawn is based
on the act of 1792, while the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York is
made to conform to existing law, and there is
still retained the provision of the first Wednes-
day of December, instead of the time required
by law, which is the second Wednesday in
February. And there is no provision in this
bill for the administration of the duties of
President between the day the result is declared
and the 4th of March following. It seems to
me from a hasty glance to be imperfect. I do
not suppose it is the intention to alter the
commencement of the term.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee is of
opinion whenever there is an election for Pres-
ident or Vice President that election is for the
term of four years.
Mr. JENCKES. , I agree that it is the com-
mencement of a new term of four years. It
is the intention to have the term commence on
the 4th of March. The mode of counting the
votes is the same as under the law, but there is
no time prescribed when the President shall
take the oath of office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the bill be ordered
to be printed and postponed as in the morning
hour 1 shall not object.
Mr. JENCKES. Let it be recommitted with
a'motion pending to reconsider.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the bill and
amendments be printed, and that they be re-
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now enter a motion
to reconsider.
j. boss Browne's report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, and
demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House live thousand extra copies of the report of
J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources of the
country.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRE-AKMS, ETO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House two
communications from the Secretary of War,
one respecting contracts for fire-arms made
since April, 1864, and the other respecting
small-arms fabricated at the Springfield arm-
ory and purchased elsewhere; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
TENNESSEE CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the following resolution:
Resolved, That Borsey B. Thomas, contesting the
right of Hon. Samuel M. Arnell to a seat in this
House as a Representative from the sixth'congres-
sional district of Tennessee, be, aud he is hereby,
required to serve upon the said Arnell. within eight
days after the" passage of this resolution, a particular
statement of the grounds of said contest; and that
said Arnell be, and he is hereby, required to serve
upon said Thomas his answer thereto in eight days
thereafter, and that both parties be allowed eighteen
days, next after th& service of said answer, to take
testimony in support of their several allegations and
denials in all other respects, in conformity to the re-
quirements of the act of February 19, 1851s except
that not more than fourdays'notice shall be required
for the taking of any deposition under this resolution.
Mr. Speaker, if these parties desire to go on
with their contest they will conform to this
resolution. I do not think there is any pen-
alty attached to it It is in the ordinary form,
and the contestant is required to do this if ha
is to go on with the contest.
The resolution was agreed to'.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OfFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
918, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bill by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move to amend section two by insert-
ing after the clause "for the mail steamship
service between San Francisco, Japan, and
China, $500,000," the following proviso:
Provided, That so much of the act of Congress ap-
proved February 17,1865, authorizing said service, as
requires the said steamships to touch at Honolulu, in
the Sandwich Islands, shall be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; upon the express condition, however, that
the contractors for said steamship service shall enter
in to contract to thesatisfaction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, agreeing to_ establish wichinfive mouths from
the passage of this act,in lieu of said service released,
a branch line of steamship scrvice carrying the Uni-
ted States mails between the port in Japan used by
the main lineof steamships and theport of Shanghai,
making continuous regular trips connecting with tho
main line, both on the outward and homeward voy-
ages, under the direction of the Postmaster General,
which service shall be performed by first-class Amer-
ican sea-going steamships, and without additional
charge to the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee that this amendment may
perhaps not be sufficiently definite to cover
the object which the committee have in view,
which I think is a good one. I do not think
the term "American steamship" is sufficient.
I think that the words "built and owned in
the United States" should be added. I make
this suggestion in good faith.
Mr. STEVENS. We have used here tho
usual term, aud not only that, but we sent the
amendment itself to the company, and it was
thoroughly examined and approved by them.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well, I only thought
it might have been an omission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the bill oa
page 2.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order,
that portion of the bill having been passed.
Mr. SLOAN. I raise the question of order
that the bill was read through before gentle-
men were able to find it on their printed files.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
