1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
87
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. lngersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
the principles of constitutional liberty. 1 wish J
the President of the United States had been
more lenient; that he had been more merciful;
that he had been more charitable. If L had
been the President of the United States the
very moment the rebellion was suppressed I
would have recognized those States as restored
to their constitutional relations and rights as
States of the Union without any conditions or
qualifications.
But the course here appears io be to take
away the power of the President and lodge it
in another person. I should like some gentle-
man to tell me what authority there is in this
Congress to take away a grant of power ex-
pressly and mandatorily placed in him as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy. The
Constitution says that the President shall— |
that is the word; it is a mandatory word—bo j
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy j
of the United States. You are not only trying <
to take away his civil power, but to take away
his military power. An attempt is made in
this bill to place the entire military powers of ,
the President in the hands of a commission j
unknown and unrecognized by the Constitu- 1
tion. The Constitution has reposed certain
powers in him, and I hold that he cannot be
divested of them by any action of this Con-
gress.
The Constitution declares that he shall be
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy; but you propose by this bill that he
shall not be Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy. You say that a Ger.eral shall estab-
lish an army in the South, that he shall es-
tablish military law there, and that he and his
subordinates may in their discretion authorize
the civil tribunals to try certain offenses. You
break down and take away the mandatory con-
stitutional grant of power which makes the
President Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy.
By what authority can that be done? Is the
Constitution of the United States no longer the
law? Is the theory to be, as declared by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond,]
that we have two constitutions, one real and
the other not real—one a written Constitution
and the other outside of it? The Supreme
Court of the United States says there is but one
Constitution, and that it is a law for rulers and
people equally in war and peace, and covers
with the shield of its protection all classes of
men at all times and under all circumstances.
No doctrine involving more pernicious conse-
quences was ever invented by the wit of man
than that any of its provisions can be suspended
during any of the great exigencies of govern-
ment. Such a doctrine leads directly to an-
archy or despotism. (Ex parte Milljgan, page
7.) If the organic law be not a dead letter,
how can you pass this bill taking away from an
officer the mandatory power placed in him by
the Constitution of the United States and lodge
it in another man unknown, unrecognized, and
unprovided for in it? You cannot do it with-
out usurpation ; and I hope the President will
not submit to have the power placed in him by
the Constitution of the United States taken
away from him, and that he will exert his mili-
tary power against all traitors and disunionists,
whomsoever they may be.
We are all bound to obey the law, and if
Andrew Johnson will stand tamely by and see
his country destroyed then I say his name
would be a slander and a libel on free govern-
ment, and he ought to go down with infamy and
ignominy to posterity as a man who did noth-
ing in the hour of danger to assert the great
constitutional rights placed in him by our rev-
olutionary fathers under our organic act. He
is a good man and a true patriot, and will not
silently see his country die. "What is life
without liberty." Free government brought
him from a poor boy to as great a man as ever
lived, and he deserves as much credit as Wash-
ington, and will yet receive it. I know him
well enough to say that Andrew Johnson, who
stood in the Senate of the United States in 1
1801 and branded the southern Senators as
traitors and disunionists, will not submit to
have the citadcl of liberty invaded and de-
stroyed without using the civil and military
powers to prevent, it. lie will maintain the
Constitution, sir, even to the spilling of blood. .
I am a peace man when there can be peace,
but without liberty there cannot be peace,
But I am not a peace man enough to quietly
consent to see military despotism established
in the place of civil law. If the Constitution-
is once destroyed, then the Union will perish
with it; I mean the Union made by Washing-
ton and Jefferson and the heroes and sages of
the days that tried men's souls.
My position may be somewhat in advance of
other gentlemen, even on my side of the House.
But I do not think it is. I know all gentlemen
cannot think alike on these questions. Men
will disagree. But what I say is the honest
convictions of my heart. I speak for tlie whole
country, and deep-seated is the sorrow I feel
for the'wronged and abused people of it, North
and South.
I know there ig a rule of action which ought
to be carried into effect by every law-abiding
man, that when the court of the highest juris-
diction, upon a question legitimately in issue
before it, decides a case, that it ought to be
recognized as the law of the land. If Mr.
Johnson is willing to have his power taken
away, to quietly submit to usurpation of the
rights which have been conferred upon him I
by the Constitution, I am mistaken in the man,
because I recognize in him as pure and patri-
otic a statesman as ever lived. He stood in
the Senate of the United States in 1801, amid
the hisses of rebels, branding them as traitors
and disunionists ; and yet to-day he is assailed
after all the suffering, anxiety, and trouble
which he underwent during the rebellion, as
being himself a traitor and disunioniat. Let
him go on in his good work of reconstruction ;
he will prevail. He is but following out the
impulses of the people during the whole war.
It is but conforming to the joint resolution of
Congress which passed both Houses, wherein
we solemnly declared to the civilized world
that the object of the war was not subjugation
nor conquest, but to restore the States to all
their rights unimpaired.
By that declaration we have pledged our-
selves and our posterity in the lace of the world
that when we put down the rebellion we would
restore these people to the rights to which they
were entitled before the war. If that was a
living principle in 1861, and was right then,
is it not now? Have we acquired any juris-
diction or gained any rights or powers by
the suppression of the rebellion that did not
exist in us during the war ? Even up to the
close of the war, when General Sherman made
the treaty with General Johnson I never heard
any man pretend, except Mr. Sumner on one
occasion in the Senate of the United States,
that by our becoming conquerors these per-
sons were at our mercy as captors to deal with
them as we might see tit.
Even if the conclusion be a logical one, that
these States are reduced to conquered prov-
inces ; even if they were the conquered domain
of a foreign country, the law ot nations will
not allow them to be governed by military law
any longer than civil institutions can be put in
motion. The civil law of the conquered coun-
try operates as soon as the military can b.e
safely withdrawn. It was so demonstrated in
the case of the acquisition of New Mexico and
California from the Mexican Government,
which was first conquered and then by treaty
ceded. Our Supreme Court decided that the
laws of Mexico governed that Territory in so
far as it was not inconsistent with our Con-
stitution, and in cases afterward arising out
of,the title to real property there they were
decided by the lawa of Mexico.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. E. C. INGERSOLL,
or ii.LiNois,
l.\ the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1807.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II.R.No. Ill",i to provide for the more effectual gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. INGERSOLL said:
Mr. Speaker : In the view of this case which
I shall present I shall discuss the propositions
of the gentlemen who have preceded me, who
claim that the States have never lost their
status in the Union, and that as States within
the L'nion they have all their original rights,
among which is the right of representation in
Congress.
I shall also discuss the proposition advanced
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
that they are stHi States, but with certain
limitations and qualifications.
Sow, sir, 1 hold that there are but two sides
to this question, that they are either States lot
all purposes and the equals of the other States,
or else they are no States at all; I mean polit-
ical States known to the Constitution. There
are geographical States and political States.
The southern States lately in rebellion have
not changed their geographical character by
the rebellion in which they engaged, but their
political character only, and they are no longer
States of this Union within the meaning of
the Constitution. WJiat constitutes a State?
L answer an organized community governed by
law and having certain geographical limits. A
State under tha Constitution must not only be
an organized community governed by law and
having certain geographical limits, but it must,
in addition to this, be recognized as a State of
the Union by the law-making power of
General Government.
Now, sir. as regards the law, the logic, or
the facts of this question, I deny that there is
any middle ground to occupy. They are either
States for all purposes or they are not States
for an}1 purposes under our Government. All
the domain belonging to the United States or
within its jurisdiction assumes one of two
characters, namely, that ot a State or that
of a Territory. No other condition was ever
known. I hold that the rebel States by rebel-
lion destroyed all civil government within their
boundaries, and destroyed their political organ-
izations known to the Constitution of the I ni-
ted States, and consequently they ceased to
be States of this Union: and by the operation
of the act of secession, culminating in armed
rebellion, they became the territory of the Uni-
ted States, when we by our successes on the
I battle-field made a conquest of their armies.
I Gentlemen in the argument of this question
I seem to forget the history of the rebellion.
| They seem to forget that the rebellion orgati-
| ized a lie facto government; that the States
that went into secession repudiated by a solemn
act in convention the act by which they ratified
the Constitution of the United^ States, thereby
becoming members of the Federal" Govern-
ment. Gentlemen seem to forget that they
formed a government which from the very ne-
cessities of the case was recognized by our
Government as a de facto government. By
tlie laws of war and by all international law
we were bound to recognize them as a belliger-
ent power, as a de facto government. W "
did do it for over four years. Not only wcr'
they recognized by us, but by most of the cn -
ilized Powers of the world as a de facto go>-
ernment, authorized to issue letters of marque
and repiisal, to make captures on the high sea.~,
and one whose flag protected those sailing
under it. But for that recognition the charac-
ter of their cruisers would have been changed
to that of piratical crafts. They were express! v
recognized as a de facto government by tha
