88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr, Ingersoll. 39th Cong—2d Sess.
Roman Government in an official communica-
tion addressed "to the President of the con-
federate States of America." As evidence
of like recognition by our Government, I refer
to an act of Congress, passed in the early part
of the rebellion, which interdicted all commer-
cial intercourse between the inhabitants of the
United States and the inhabitants of the so-
called confederate States. That act made no
exception on account of the loyalty of any per-
son residing in the confederate States. It re-
garded thein all as public enemies. It would
have been as much a violation of that act for one
of our people to have had a commercial transac-
tion with a loyal as with a disloyal person within
the jurisdiction of the confederate government.
This was an exercise of one of the war powers
of the Government. No express authority for
this act is found in the Constitution. The Con-
stitution gives to Congress the power to "reg-
ulate commerce among the several States,"
but not to interdict it.
Now, sir, having said this much by way of
premise, let me call attention to the position
assumed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Fixck.] He seemed to view it as a matter of
surprise that Congress should attempt to con-
trol the lute rebel States as proposed in this bill,
and he challenged history to produce a single
instance where a Government had made a con-
quest of its own territory. Assuming it to be
true that a Government cannot make a conquest
of its own territory, he held that as a necessary
consequence Congress possessed no constitu-
tional power to pass the bill under discussion.
Now, sir, let me answer the gentleman: ts
it fair to assume that because history furnishes
no example of a nation making a conquest of
its own territory that it is impossible under
any circumstances for a nation ever to make
such conquest? I say it is not.
I challenge him to produce from the pages'
of history the record of any such rebellion as
that we have suppressed. Under what civil-
ized Government was there ever a rebellion
that rose to the power and the dignity of a
de facto government? Was there ever a re-
bellion that made such head against the estab-
lished Government as to create a new Govern-
ment, occupying and controlling absolutely
one third of the territory of the entire coun-
try? Was there ever before a rebellion that
was recognized as a belligerent power by the
civilized Governments of the world? Never,
sir. You will search history in vain to pro-
duce such an illustration. There never has
been before this in any country a rebellion
which was recognized as a de facto govern-
ment by the Government it was contending
against, or recognized by the civilized govern-
ments of the world as entitled to belligerent
rights. But in this case the recognition was
complete at home and abroad. The rebel gov-
ernment was recognized as a de facto govern-
ment, entitled to belligerent rights and pro-
tected in those rights under the law of nations.
Mr. Speaker, let me call your attention and
the attention of the House to this question :
whether the Government of the United States
did make a conquest of the confederacy, and
whether it did acquire the rights of aconqueror
over the vanquished rebel power. Let it be
remembered that the rebellion, or the confed-
erate government, first made a conquest of a
portion of the original territory of the United
States, and erected upon it a government and
maintained that government, exercising juris-
diction over the territory thus acquired for
five years, and thus became to all intents
and purposes a foreign Government, making
war upon the Government of the United
States, but by the success of our arms we made
a conquest of the confederate government,
made a conquest of its people and its territory
after years of the most sanguinary and desolat-
ing war of modern times, and by international
law we have a right to exercise over this con-
quered belligerent power, over this territory
wrested by the power of arms from this con-
federate government, all the rights pertaining
to the conqueror, one of which is to control the
territory thus conquered, the people thus sub-
jugated by military power. Hence arises our
right to dispose of the property, real and
personal, of the rebel government as well as to
exercise control over its people.
I hold, sir, that in the prosecution of the war
againstt.lie rebellion the laws of war in the main
controlled us, and not alone the written law.
Where did you get the power to declare green-
backs a legal tender? Where did you get the
power to pass a confiscation law? Where did
you get the power to do many of the acts neces-
sary for the preservation of the Government
in the prosecution of the wat against the rebel-
lion? Did you rely solely upon the letter of
the Constitution for the power, or did you rely
upon the inherent right of the Government to
preserve its own life ?
I hold, sir, that the Government of the
United States possesses as much inherent power
and may exercise any power necessary to self-
preservation that any Government on earth
can exercise. We are as powerful in war, and
may in war legally and rightfully do what the
Czar of Russia could do, what the Emperor of
France could do, or any other monarchical
Government. We possess the inherent right
of self-defense, and under that right we may
do any act recognized under the laws of war
necessary to self-preservation.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will allow me to ask him a question,
and I propose to take him back to the "green-
back" question. I want to know whether the
gentleman thinks the "greenbacks" were de-
clared legal tender in the exercise of any war
power? Does he admit there was no constitu-
tional right to declare them a legal tender ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hold, if there had
been no war, no exigency in the affairs of the
Government rendering it ncces.sary, it would
have been unconstitutional. I may be wrong,
but this is my opinion. I find no power con-
ferred on Congress in the Constitution relating
to money except the power "to coin money
and to regulate the value thereof;" and I do
not believe the Congress of the United States in
ordinary and peaceful times has the right to
make paper money a legal tender. To make
" greenbacks" is not in my judgment to "coin
money." But it did have the right to make
" greenbacks" a legal tender, in order to pre-
serve the Government from destruction and
for the successful prosecution of the war.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Itannot yield now. I
cannot yield to have immaterial issues brought
in here ; but if I had the time I would yield
with pleasure for any pertinent question.
I want some gentleman here to tell me the
difference between a conquest of the rebel
States by the war power of the Government
and a conquest of Canada supposing we had
had a war with Great Britain. Had we been
in war with Great Britain instead of the south-
ern confederacy, and had we made a conquest
of the Canadas, would we have the right under
the law of nations to establish military Gov-
ernments there ? J answer most assuredly.
Would we be compelled to withdraw the mil-
itary forces as soon as they had surrendered?
By no means. We would continue our mil-
itary forces in the Canadas until peace had
been declared and until the new order of
things should be adjusted according to the
spirit of our institutions and in harmony with
our Constitution.
Now, sir, let us look into history and see if
we cannot get some light on this subject. It is
but a few years since we invaded Mexican soil.
After many sanguinary contests our armies
marched victoriously to the capital of that
country. We made a conquest of their whole
territory. Now, on the theory of gentlemen
here who oppose this bill, the Mexican people
should have protested, as the people of the
rebel States have protested, against the occu-
pation of their territory by the military forces,
on the ground that they had surrendered their
arms and were willing to yield to the situation.
What are the facts concerning the occupation
of Mexico? We held it until the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo was agreed upon, and we
maintained our military force there until we
had secured all the objects of the war. After
the ratification of the treaty the troops were
withdrawn, but riot till then.
In regard to the States lately in rebellion
there has been no ratification of a treaty of
peacc. There has been no peace declared.
Had peace been declared what would have
been the effect? The States in rebellion would
have been restored to the Union. The Repre-
sentatives from those States would have been
admitted into Congress on the same terms as
Representatives from the loyal States. That
would be the highest evidence of the restora-
tion of those States to the Union. The admis-
sion of their Representatives to seats here
would itself be the most satisfactory evidence
that peace had been restored and the highest
evidence of the restoration of those States to
all their rights under the Constitution.
We have had no declaration of peace, and
we have had no peace in fact. We conquered
the rebellion. We now have possession of
their territory as conquerors, and when did we
cease to have the character of conquerors?
When did we lay aside that character ? Never.
We have suspended active hostilities, but we
have never given up our occupation of that
country by the military forces. To be sure
we have not lately controlled it to any consid-
erable extent by military authority, but we
have not given up military occupation of those
so-called States ; neither do we intend to until
the rights of the enfranchised and loyal people
of such States shall be secured and the peace
and safety of the Republic shall be no longer
endangered by disloyal rule.
Congress, under the Constitution, has power
"to make rules and regulations concerning
captures on land and water." Now, sir, dur-
ing the progress of the war, under the rules
and regulations of the Army as prescribed by
acts of Congress, which rules and regulations
were changed from time to time, our forces
captured property of all descriptions, personal
and real, and disposed of the same, putting
the proceeds into the Treasury of the United
States. We captured their officers and soldiers
and held them as prisoners of war. We cap-
tured State after State from the confederate
government, and at last we captured all its
States; bo that when the rebel flag went down
we had captured as trophies of the war the entire
rebel confederacy, thus making a conquest of
that government and a conquest of its people
and of its territory. The gentleman from
Kentucky who last addressed the House [Mr.
Hise] desired some reference to the clause of
the Constitution which gives us authority to
regulate and control the southern States lately
in rebellion. I point him to that clause which
declares that " Congress shall have power to
make rules and regulations concerning cap-
tures on land and water." But some gentle-
men urge that this clause in the Constitution
applies only to personal property. I answer
that the Constitution makes no distinction as
to the character of the property, and the reason-
able inference is that it includes everything
which is the legitimate subject of capture. We
capture towns, cities, and States, as well as
personal property, and under this clause in the
Constitution Congress has a right to make
rules and regulations concerning such captures,
and we have the right to dispose of the terri-
tory thus captured from the confederacy by
sale, if we desire to, orin any other manner. It
is absolutely at the disposal of the couqueror.
Under the law it belongs to the conqucror. und
