1458
THE COMxRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
not bo suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
And the fourth article of the Amendments
declares that—■
" The right of the people to bo secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers,andeffects, againstunreasonable
searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no
warrants shall issao, but upon probable cause, sup-
ported by oath or affirmation, and particularly de-
scribing the placo to be searched, and the persons or
things to be seized."
These provisions have no necessary connec-
tion or dependence on each other, except that
if the right secured by the latter be invaded
the first is but one of the remedies for the
aggrieved party. The history of the latter pro-
vision has already been given.
It lias been shown to have originated out of
abuses practiced by Charles I, which gave rise
to the celebrated Petition of Rights, in which
it is incorporated. The privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus received further security by
that instrument. Prior to that time the courts
had refused the writ where the warrant of arrest
contained the words "by special command
of the king;" which words that instrument
declared to be insufficient cause for refusing
the writ. And it received further security in
the reign of Charles II by the celebrated habeas
corpus act, which made the writ a matter of
right. But in no part of this history do we
find anything which gives countenance or pre-
"text for the idea that the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus authorizes arrests to be made
without warrant founded on affidavit. On the
contrary, the right of personal liberty is the
paramount right, the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus being but the auxiliary. And it
would seem to be very certain that the framers
of the Constitution did not intend to make the
natural right of personal liberty depend alone
on the remedy by habeas corpus. If all reme-
dies had been taken away, man would still
have had the natural right of personal liberty:
a right so essential that no civil society can
deprive him of it unless it be legally forfeited.
And if any civil government should undertake
to deprive the citizen of this natural right of
liberty such act would undoubtedly be held
void. How, then, can the mere suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus effect this ob-
ject? But it is sufficient 011 this subject to x-efer
to the decision of Judge Woodbury, already
quoted.
It remains only to add a brief notice of that
most remarkable opinion of Attorney General
Speed, given to the President in support of the
power of the military to try and execute the
assassins of the President. The best refuta-
tion that can be furnished to this extraordi-
nary document, so far as the members of the
legal profession are concerned, is to ask them
to read it. It carries with it its own condem-
nation ; it exhibits the workings of a mind
intent on one purpose, which is clearly fore-
shadowed in the beginning: that the accused
should be tried and punished by military com-
mission. Starting out with the affirmative of
the proposition, it is not very wonderful that
the document should abound in error, in
assumption without precedent, in sophistry
without logic, and in false deductions from
axiomatic truths. I11 the outset the late At-
torney General makes an admission that shows
the fallacy of his whole argument, and would
show the fallacy of any and every argument
that could be made which reached a like con-
clusion. He says:
"In time of peace neither Congress nor the mili-
tary can create any military tribunals except such as
are made in pursuance of that clause of the Consti-
tution which gives to Congress the power to make
rules for thefe'iivernmentof theland and naval forces.
1 do not think that Congress can, in time of war or
pence, under this clause of the Constitution, create
military tribunals for the adjudication of offenses
committed by pcisons not engaged in or belonging to
such forces. This is a proposition too plain for argu-
ment. But it does not follow that because such mil-
itary tribunals cannot be created by Congress under
this clause that they cannot be created at all. Is
there no other power conferred by the Constitution
upon Congress or the military under which such tri-
bunals may be created m time of war?"
I should answer certainly, none whatever.
But hear how and where the Attorney Gen-
eral finds this other power. He says:
" Thatthelaw of nations constitutes part of tho laws
of the land must be admitted. The laws of nations
are expressly made laws of theland by the Constitu-
tion when it says Congress shall have power to define
and punish piracies and felonies committed 011 the
high seas and offenses against the laws of the
nations."
In the first place, I for one do not admit that
the laws of nations constitute part of the laws
of the land, which the Attorney General says
must be admitted. To sustain his theory prob-
ably this must be admitted, but to sustain the
true theory of our Government it must be flatly
denied; tliat denial I make. But he says
again:
" The laws of nations are expressly made the laws
of the land by the Constitution, when it says 'Con-
gress shall have power to define and punish piracies
and felonies committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the laws of nations.'"
Now, I say that this provision in the Consti-
tution does not expressly or impliedly make
the law of nations the law of the land, except
only so far as we have intercourse with other
nations. And I assert, moreover, that this is
the first time that it ever was contended that
the laws of nations became the municipal
laws of a State or nation, with cognizance of
offenses committed by individuals of the same
community against each other. What is the
law of nations? It is the law of nature as
applicable to States in their intercourse with
each other, either in peace or in war—
"And it is not applicable to men considered simply
as such, but to nations or States in tho relations they
have together and the several interests they have to
manage between each other."—Burlamaqui, 135.
The Constitution, in express terms, declares
itself to be the supreme law of the land, and
yet the Attorney General has so contrived as
to make it subordinate to the law of nations,
and hence maintains that although Congress
cannot establish a military tribunal for the ad-
judication of offenses by pex-sons not engaged
in the Army or Navy, either in peace or in
war, yet such tribunals may be established
under the laws of nations. This, of course, is
making the laws of nations supreme over the
Constitution, and that, too, long after war had
actually ceased. The Constitution declares
that no one shall be arrested unless on warrant
founded on affidavit; that no one shall be held
to answer for a criminal charge except on in-
dictment found by a grand jury, and that every
one shall be entitled to trial by jury. These
rights are all expressly and clearly guarantied
to every citizen of the country by the Consti-
tution ; they are placed beyond the reach of
legislative authority; they constitute part of
our bill of rights that no power on earth can
invade. But, says the Attorney General, al-
though neither the executive nor legislative
depax-tment of our own Government can in-
vade these rights, either in peace or in war,
yet they may be overridden by the laws of
nations; therefore the laws of nations are par-
amount to the Constitution. This is a fair
statement of the case as presented by the At-
torney General; and it is tho irresistible deduc-
tion froni his premises. The mere statement
is sufficient to show the error of his conclusion.
He is entitled to the credit of the terrible enor-
mities practiced on the Constitution and on
the citizen. It is hoped the precedent set by
him will not be followed. If it should be, the
Constitution is but an instrument by which the
Government may be converted iiito a despot-
ism at pleasure. It is not, as it declares itself
to be, the supreme law of the land, but it is
subordinate-to the laws of nations. How the
Attorney General could bring his mind to the
conclusion that the laws of nations had any-
thing to do with our mere domestic quarrels
is impossible to conceive. If he be right, we
should cease to talk about treason.
But the laws of nations make no provision
for militax-y commissions to hold their sessions
under the very shadow of the civil tribunals
for the trial of citizens on charges of having
violated the municipal laws of the State. The
American people may be inclined to ask : if
the Constitution has been so grossly violated,
where is the remedy? The usual remedy for
a violation of law is the punishment of the
offenders. And it is presumed that no well-
read lawyer or judge will at this day question
the power of the civil tribunals to punish the
members of a court-martial or of a military
commission for having acted without author-
ity or for having transcended authority, and in
such cases the criminal^ of the party tried by
them has no influence in the decision of the
question of power. Guilt must be established
and punished in the manner prescribed by the
laws of the land; this is the great bulwai'k of
individual security. If neither Congress nor
the judiciary can apply a remedy, the people,
will at once perceive the necessity for a rad-
ical change in their organic law.
Mr. President, a few words more and I have
done. You engaged in a conflict of arms with
the southern people. You proclaimed that
your object was the preservation of the Con-
stitution and the restoration of the Union.
You either had a right to wage that war, or
you had not. Some of the ablest men in this
whole country now living believe, many of the
ablest men among our fathers believed, that
when the whole people of a State spoke it was
the voice of the State, and the Constitution
not conferring upon Congress the power to
make war upon a State, that in case a State
chose to discontinue its connection with the
Federal Union, force could not be used against
it to compel it to continue that connection.
One thing, however, is certain, you had no
power to wage that war unless it was for the
preservation of the Union and of the Constitu-
tion. You had no power to wage it unless it
was to compel the parties who had contracted
with you to live up to their contract, that con-
tract being the bond of Union, and when that
war ceased by their submission, then it neces-
sarily arises from the objects and purposes for
which you could prosecute the war, that these
States and these people are remitted to all the
constitutional rights secured to you by the
Constitution and secured to them by the Con-
stitution ; and when they have submitted to
the authority of the Federal Government they
have a right to representatives in this Chamber
and in the other House of Congress, and they
have a right to be represented by just whom
they please without the interposition of any
other oath than that required by the Constitu-
tion, to observe and obey the Constitution of
the United States. You have no right to im-
pose upon that people taxation and deny them
representation. You have no more authority
to try them by military commission than you
have to try the people of your State or my
State; and whenever the party in power at-
tempt to do so, they become tyrants and op-
pressors and violators of the Constitution of
their country, and history will adjudge them
such.
I appeal to you, sir, and I appeal to those
who exercise political power in this country
now, by all the memories that cluster around
the glorious past; by the recollection of the
noble deeds and heroic sufferings of our ances-
tors, for you and for me, for your posterity and
for my posterity; by all the bright realizations
which might be ours in this present hour ; by
all the bright future and all the glories which
are in that immediate future, stop your aggres-
sions upon the Constitution of your country;
cease to think that party is above country;
awake, arise to the noble, solemn, awful duties
and responsibilities of the hour; observe with
fidelity the constitutional obligations imposed
upon you as grave and learned Senators here
to act for the benefit of your country; and tho
people of the present age shall bless you, com-
ing generations shall proclaim your name to
their children, and you will go down to poster-
ity the saviors of a country bought for you, and
of liberty purchased for you witlx the blood of
patriotic sires.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
