1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* em
will be perceived by the bill that-there are two
companies organized. They have made an
agreement between themselves which is sub-
stantially embodied in the bill, and the com-
pany first constructing the road is to have the
benefit of the grant. It is perfectly satisfac-
tory to all the parties. It is a bill that is
entirely inside of, safe precedents. Nobody is
likely to ask for another such bill because it
makes a very lean grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill has only been
reported for a day or two. It was reported
from a committee of which I am a member,
and with the understanding, as I understood,
that it should lie long- enough to let us have an
opportunity of examining the printed substi-
tute, as it is very long. I have not had that
opportunity ; but on running it over when it
was not in print, it occurred to me that there
were one or two amendments that ought to be
made; and with a view to enable me to ex-
amine it, I move that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that
if the Senator desires to examine it.
. Themotion was agreed to.
. mary j. dixon".
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill
(S. No. 603) for the relief of Mrs; Mary J.
Dixon, of Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
ginia, widow of the late Turner Dixon, de-
ceased, was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Mrs. Mary J. Dixon, of the
city of 'Alexandria, and State of -Virginia,
widow of the late Turner Dixon, deceased^ so
much of the moneys received by the United
States at the sale of a house and lot, situated in
Alexandria, as his property by the direct tax
commissioners for non-payment of the direct
tax assessed on the premises, as the Secretary
shall find to be in excess of the tax and the
costs and expenses of the sale of the property.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Williams on the 14th instant.
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs. M. J. Dixon, respectfully report:
That on the 5th of May, 1861, she, in company with
her husband, left her residence at Alexandria, Vir-
ginia, to visit a brother-in-law in Fauquier county,
Virginia.
That Mr. Dixon was afflicted with a chronic disease,
and was accustomed at that season of the year, for
the bonefit of his health, to make a similar visit.
That after leaving as aforesaid the war broke out,
and they wore unable to get through the military
lines so as to return, as they intended when they left.
That when the flag-of-truce system was established
Mr. Dixon was too ill to return, and that he died on
the 27th of July, A. D. 1864, at Charlottesville, Vir-
ginia, leaving no children, and bequeathing all his
property to petitioner.
During the aforesaid absence of Mr. Dixon his
house in Alexandria, worth $5,000, was sold by the
United States for direct taxes. The amount of the
tax, including expenses, was $19 24, and the house
was sold for 52,575. The amount of the tax after it
was levied was tendered to th© commissioner by the
agent of Mr. Dixon; but the commissioner refused to
receive it oa the ground that the law required the
payment of the tax to be made by the owner in per-
6°Mrs. Dixon did not hear of the existence of the
tax law or the assessment of the tax until about the
time of her husband's death. Immediately after his
decease Mrs. Dixon became sick, and was confined
to her bed for a long time with a serious illness,
brought on by her exertions and anxiety about her
husband. On the 17th of January, 1865, and while
petitioner was in feeblo health, she started from
Charlottesville for her home m Alexandria, bne
was detained on the road by inclement weather,
broken bridges, and illness, and after the most- stren-
uous exertions and dangerous exposure she reached
Alexandria on the 17th of February, 1865, just ten
days after the time allowed by law for the redemp-
tion of her property had expired.
Petitioner prays that under these circumstances,
after deducting the said $19 24 from the amount for
which the property sold, thcbalance maybe retunded
to her, and shows that by the lossof said property she
would be left in destitute circumstances. Your com-
mittee are of the opinion that the absence of Mrs.
Dixon from hjsr home at the time of the rebellion
broke out and afterward is not chargeable to any
feeling of disloyalty, and that she ought to have the
relief Tor which she prajis upon the ground Sirat she
started from Charlottesville in ample time to redeem
her property from the tax sale, and would have so
redeemed it if she had not been detained on the road
by unforeseen and unavoidable accidents.
Mr. TRUMBIJLL. I have some recollec-
tion of that case. I think the papers were
oncfe before the Judiciary Committee. I did
not hear all of the report; but according to
my recollection of it, if we pass this; bill it
will be establishing a dangerous precedent.
Is every party'who has lost his title to land
under the law to be permitted to come in after
the time has expired and redeem it; or does
this bill simply provide for paying money out
of the Treasury which has been received ? I
will inquire of the Senator who reported it,
whether the design of the bill is to revest the
title in the party, or to refund the money?
Mr. WILLIAMS. This bill proposes simply
to refund the money in excess of the amount
of tax, costs, and expenses of sale. There is
an arrangement between the man who pur-
chased the property and Mrs. Dixon in con-
sideration of her circumstances and misfor-
tunes to allow her to redeem it in case she can
obtain these funds from the United States,
which I think she is entitled to. I will say
before I sit down that I think this is not the
case that was before the Judiciary Committee.
I know that there have been two or three simi-
lar cases before different committees. One I
know was before the Judiciary Committee; one
was referred to the Finance Committee; but
I believe they have now all been referred to the
Committee on Claims.
I do not regard this case as a dangerous pre-
cedent for this reason, and the relief is put
expressly upon this ground: that Mrs. Dixon
started from Charlottesville with an intention
to redeem her property in ample time to arrive
there for that purpose, but the roads were
almost impassable, the bridges broken down,
and she was taken ill upon the road, and so
was unavoidably detained, #nd did not reach
Alexandria until ten days after the time when
the two years allowed by law for redemption
-had expired. This rcliefis put upon the ground,
which is frequently recognized in the court of
equity, that she did all she could to redeem her
property, but was prevented by unavoidable
accident from doing so. The bill simply pro-
vides that, after deducting the amount of the
direct tax, the amount of the costs, and the
expenses of the sale, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall refund back to her the amount of
money actually received into the Treasury from
the sa^o. The property sold was worth $5,000.
It sold for a little over two thousand dollars.
It sold at a great sacrifice. Mrs. Dixon is a
widow lady. Her loyalty is put entirely be-
yond question by the evidence in the case; and
she is left by the death of her husband and by
the loss of this property in destitute circum-
stances.
It was the opinion of the committee that
these facts relative to her attempted return for
the purpose of redeeming her property made
this an exceptional case, and that it would not
be a precedent that would authorize any inter-
ference by Congress in other cases where prop-
erty had been sold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire whether the husband was living
when this property was sold, and whether he
was not a disloyal man 1
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not advised as to
the particular views or opinions of the hus-
band; there is no evidence on that subject. I
think in May, 1861, or early in the year 1861,
this man, who was an invalid, who had acliromc
disease, visited another part of Vireinia for the
purpose of improving his health. He had been
accustomed to make that trip during the sum-
mer months. He fell sick, and was sick a long
time, and died, and there was no opportunity
for him to attend to the matter, because he was
not only too sick to attend to it, but there was
no communication between the place where he
was living and the city of Alexandria. They
left an agent in Alexandria to look after the
property, and he proposed to pay the tax after
it was levied, but the commissioner would
not receive it. The evidence shows that they
left their household goods and effects there with
an eyident intention to return to Alexandria
as soon as possible, but they were prevented
by the breaking out of the war, by the sickness
and death of the husband, and by the illness
and misfortunes that attended the petitioner*
I will say that the committee did not take into
consideration the merits or demerits of the
husband, for he died two or three years ago:
but they were very unwilling to grant any relief
of this kind until the loyalty of the petitioner
was established beyond all question; and I
think there is no doubt on that subject. I not
only learn that from the evidence in the case,
but I learn it from parties outside of the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that the loyalty
of the husband has not been inquired into. If
this is the ease that was once before the Judi-
ciary Committee my recollection of it is not
now sufficiently distinct to enable tne to state
the facts in regard to it; but it seems to me it
might be a very important inquiry to ascertain
whether the husband was disloyal or not. If
he was a disloyal man, aiding the rebellion
when this property was sold, it might be very
questionable whether the proof that' his wife
was loyal would justify her coming in at a sub-
sequent period and redeeming the land from
sale.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I can say in answer to
that that the husband gave the rebellion no aid
and comfort, because he was a helpless invalid
and unable to take care of himself, and his
wife accompanied him for the very purpose of
taking care of him. He had a chronic disease
which was very debilitating, and he died from
the effects of that disease. What his par-
ticular views or sympathies were as to the
rebellion is not known to the committee; no
inquiry was made upon that subject; but the
evidence is perfectly conclusive that he gave
no aid to the rebellion because he was notable
to take care of himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this case ought
to be a suggestion to the Committee on Finance
to make some general regulation on this sub-
ject. Where a man's property is sold for
taxes not paid, and a large amount of property
is sold and there is a great excess, that does
not belong to the Government. That excess,
without any legislation on the subject, ought
to be paid to the owner. A man's properly
is sold simply to make the taxes. That is the
principle of all the State legislation that I am
acquainted with, and it ought to he a general
regulation. If a person's property is sold for
taxes, and there is an excess, that excess should
be paid to the owner.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. It was on the
principle stated by the Senator who has just
addressed us that the committee^ were very
much influenced. The whole tax is paid, and
thisbill onlyremits to a helpless widow woman,
whose'loyalty was established, and who made
every exertion to reach Alexandria in time to
redeem her property, the amount in excess of
the tax and costs of sale; and it was looked
upon by the committee as a harsh case for the
Government to hold that excess in their hands.
Mr. HOWE. The committee did not con-
sider the question suggested by the Senator
from Indiana at all, and did not suppose that
this was a case which would call for the appli-
cation of any such rule if Congress should see
fit to adopt such a one. The only thing the
committee attempted to do by this report was,
to relieve against the effects of a casualty, an
accident beyond the control of the party seek-
ing to reach her home in time to redeem her
property under the law as it stood; but by a
series of accidents, railway accidents and dis-
ease, she was prevented from getting there
until ten days after the time expired. If she
had been ten days earlier, as she would have
been but for these casualties, she would have
redeemed it under the law as it stands; and in-
asmuch aa the only relief she asks for is tha
