1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
ment in the nature of a substitute. I do not
know the jjrecise stage of the question, and I
ask for information what is the state of the
bill.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The Chair is informed that there
has been already submitted a proposition to
strike out the original bill and insert a substi-
tute ; but the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] is first in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator who offered
that substitute is not present; but I believe he
is willing to withdraw it. Perhaps we can take
a vote and informally vote down the pending
amendment, and I will then offer my sub-
stitute.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now desire to offer the
substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hender-
son,] which is to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of the bill and to insert a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let us vote it down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to strike out
all after the word "whereas " in the preamble,
and to insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. COWAN. What is now the question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have my
amendment read. I have modified somewhat
the printed amendment which is lying on the
table of Senators. The modification does not
change the meaning in any respect, but simply
transposes some words in the fifth section to
make the meaning clearer.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
No legal State governments or adequate protection
for life or property now exist in the rebel States of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and
Arkansas; and whereas it is neccssary that peace and
good order should be enforced in said States until
loyal and republican State governments can be le-
gally established: Therefore,
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That said rebel States shall be divided into
military districts and made subject to the military
authority of the United States, a,s hereinafter pre-
scribed, and for that purpose Virginia shall consti-
tute the first district: North Carolina and South Car-
olina the second district; Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida, the third district; Mississippi and Arkan-
sas the fourth district; and Louisiana and Texas the
fifth district.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the President to assign to the command
of each of said districts an officer of the Army, not
below the rank of brigadier general, and to detail a
sufficient military force to enable such officer to per-
form his duties and enforce his authority within the
district to which he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to protect
all persons in their rights of person and property, to
suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence, and to
punish, or cause to be punished, all disturbers of the
public peace and criminals, and to this end he may
allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction of and
to try offenders, or, when in his judgment it may be
necessary for the trial of offenders, he shall have
power to organize military commissions or tribunals
for that purpose; and all interference under color of
State authority with the exereise of military author-
ity under this act shall be null and void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all persons
put under military arrest by virtue of this act shall
be tried without unnecessary delay, and no cruel or
unusual punishment shall be inflicted; and no sen-
tence of any military commission or tribunal hereby
authorized, affecting the life or_ liberty of any per-
son, shall be executed until it is approved by the
officer in command of the district, ana the laws and
regulations for. the government of the Army shall not
be affected by this act, except in so far as they con-
flict with its provisions.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when the
people of any one of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution of government in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States in all re-
spects, framed by a convention of delegates elected
by the male citizens of said State twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, who have been resident in
said State for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion, or for felony at com-
mon law, and when such constitution shall provide
that the electivo franchise shall be enjoyed by all
such persons as havethe qualifications herein stated
for electors of delegates, and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
electors of delegates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, and Congress shall have appointed
the same, and when said State by avote of its Legis-
lature elected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen, and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oath prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall be
inoperative in said State.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will yield to me, I will make a
motion to adjourn. It is now about the com-
mencement of the Sabbath day. I have not
been in my professional life in the habit of
working on the Sabbath day, and I do not see
the necessity of doing it to-night. I make the
motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COWAN. I yield to that motion of
course.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will
not adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COWAN addressed the Senate. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I beg you to be assured,
sir, that I do not rise to make a speech. In
the fourth section of this measure appears the
following clause:
And no sentence of any military commission or
tribunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or lib-
erty of any person, shall be executed until it is
approved by the officer in command of the district.
I spoke to a similar provision in the original
bill last evening, and stated the insuperable,
and, I think, well-founded objection which
exists to depositing this power of life and of
death in the bands of these subordinate mil-
itary officials in the several districts established
by the bill or amendment. I propose after the
word "district'' in the seventh line to add
these words:
And when it affects life, the approval also of the
President of the United States.
By irresistible inference the section as it
stands makes the decision of the officer in
command of the district adequate for the pur-
pose of the execution of the sentence. The
conclusion cannot be denied successfully or
resisted by argument, if there be any sense or
meaning to be attached to the words. I am
content to meddle as little as possible with this
amendment, and to provoke as little as pos-
sible of debate. The ordinary and the most
numerous class of eases which can arise under
that clause will be those in which imprison-
ment is inflicted. The cases where life is to
be taken of course will be but occasional and
rare, and the exception of cases where life is
involved will not cast upon the President any
large amount of duty, and will produce no
considerable delay in the administration of the
peculiar system of criminal justice provided
by this amendment. I leave untouched by my
amendment cases of imprisonment; but where-
life is involved I propose to add a security
which the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio does not contain—a security which it
negatives and excludes—and for the reason
which I stated before.
Now, sir, I feel myself under the pressure
of necessity, moral necessity, to offer this
amendment when I perceive a bill or an
amendment of this sort proposed and about
to be passed, as I suppose, by the Senate. In
the interests of human life, in the interests of
justice, in the interests of humanity, in the
interests of public decency, and in view of the
character of this nation, I protest against the
passage of a measure which allows the life of
an American citizen to be determined upon
finally by a brigadier general of the Army of
the United States.
Gentlemen say, "Why, this is the existing
system." To be sure it is. Except in some
exceptional cases during the war, under the
pressure of stern necessity and justified only
by the existence of hostilities, the complicated
and necessary operations of enormous masses
of military force in the field, the provision is
universal that human life cannot be taken
under the laws of the United States, except
by the consent of the President. We are in a
time of profound peace. There is no neces-
sity upon. us that a statute which contains a
provision of this kind must now be enacted,
because of carelessness, inattention, disregard
to human life, or, an alternative which I will
not suppose to influence any member, from an
innate cruelty or malignity of heart.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this amendment
is quite unnecessary. This identical question
was considered by the Committee on Recon-
struction, and there was supposed to be no
occasion for putting the word 1' President'' in
the section. The word "officer" was only
put into the section out of abundant caution, so
as to make it absolutely certain that in no case
should the life of a person be taken without the
approval of the commanding officer of the dis-
trict. This very section provides that the regu-
lations for the government of the Army shall not
be affected by this bill, except in so far as they
conflict with its provisions, intending to put in
force as applicable to the administration of
justice under this bill the laws of the United
States as they now stand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon: do not the rules and
regulations of the Army as they now stand de-
clare that the sentence of death, on a convic-
tion by a military commission, shall not be
inflicted until it is approved by the President?
Is not that.the way the law now reads ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is my understanding.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. Then, if the
existing law reads that the sentence of death
by a military commission shall not be inflicted
but by the approval of the President, and you
now enact in this section that the sentence of
death passed by a military commission shall not
be inflicted except by the approval of the brig-
adier general, you change the regulation. That
is the difficulty in the case. By the very terms
of the statute itself your regulations are modi-
fied by this very bill. That is just as clear as
that two and two make four.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It may be very clear to
the gentleman, but I insist t'hat it is not so by
any reasonable construction of this statute,
because the provision is:
And no sentence of any military commission or tri-
bunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or liberty
of any person, shall be executed until it is approved
by tho officer in command of the district; and the
laws and regulations for the governmentof the Army
shall not be affected by this act, except ia so far as
they conflict with its provisions.
Now, to say that that clause requiring the
approval of the commanding officer of the
district is a repeal of the law which requires
the President to approve the sentence is a con-
struction that the section will not bear.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator,
if that is the construction of it, why not make
it plain, as the Senator from Pennsylvania pro-
poses ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Because I will not con-
sent to unnecessary amendments. _ I think we
may as well proceed with the bill and not
amend it unnecessarily.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You admit that that is
the law. What is the objection to putting it in
the bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have stated the objec-
tion. The Senate can put it in if it pleases.
I object to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will simply add that
by the express language of the third_ section
there is direct power conferred upon this officer
or these officers to punish for these offenses.
A direct substantive, positive power of punish-
ment and to punish.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
