1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
eluding charges in such port,shall exceed thirty-two
cents per pound, the duty sh^lLbe twelve cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad
valorem. : '
This is the demand of the Wool-Growers'
Association.
■ Now, let it be borne in mind, that coupled
■with this demand and dependent upon it is the
demand of the .Wool-Manufacturers' Associa-
tion, another society in full sympathy and ac-
cord with the Wool-growers' Association, and
coop.ei*ting with them to secure the adoption
of this bill. They demand that for every cent
of duty imposed on wool there shall be four
cents per pound imposed on imported woolens,
and then thirty-five per cent, pd valorpm added
to that to cover the cost of chemicals, dye-
stuffs, transportation, &c. Mr. Wells, the spe-
cial commissioner'of the revenue, in his very
able report to the Secretary of the Treasury,
seems to think that this is in some measure a
reasonable demand, for he says:
"It must be evident, now, that to the extent iQ
which the cost of wool is increased to the American
manufacturer through the increased duties on his
raw materials, it will be necessary to impose an
equivalent inereaso of duties on the importation of
foreign woolens, otherwise the increased price of
wool, growing out of the duty, would aet-as a bounty
in iavor of the foreign nianu&ieturcr, and prove
speedily disastrous both to the American wool-
grower and to the American woolen manufacturer.
"To balance the duties proposed upon wool, the
executive committee of'the woolen manufacturers
claim, iind endeavor to prove it to be essential to
the preservation cf their industry, that for every
cent Of duty imposed on wool, four-cents per pound
•must be charged on all woolens imported. It is also
clear that if the price is to be enhanced to the ex-
tent of the duty the advance must be estimated
alike on goods made of domestic as well as of foreign
wool. Consequently, for every cent of duty imposed
on wool, the American consumer will be taxed four
cents pcrpoundon his manufactured woolens; which
tax on the present annual consumption of the coun-
try, namely, one hundred and fifty million pounds,
would amount to the sum of $6,000,000 for each cent
of duty imposed on wool.
■ "Assuming the existing rate of duty upon unwashed
wool at six cents per pound, the present annual tax
for the protection of this interest is, therefore.
($6,000,000 X 6 eents~)$36,000,000; butattheproposed
rate; assuming eleven and a half cents astheminimum,
this tax will be further increased ($6,500,000 X 5-/—)
$32,250,000; or, in other words, the proposed tariff on
wool and woolens will tax tEe*community(if itshould
have th'e effect soughtby those who propose it) to the
extent of $71,2-30,000 per annum for the protection of
an interest, the whole annual value of whose product
as we have already shown, cannot be eon.-idcred in
excess of $36,000,000 gold valuation. Can any such
amount of taxation on an absolute necessary of life
in this country bo justified under the plea of protec-
tion to American industry,- and that industry one
which.cannot claim high protection on the plea that
it is not yet well established ?
""Nothing less,' say the committee of the wool
manufacturers in their report, 'than a specific duty
of fifty-three ccnts per pound on their manufactures
wiirbe,sufficient to place the manufacturer in the
same position as if he had his raw material free of
duty a position which he must demand as an im-
perative necessity forthepreservationof his industry,
and added to this specific duty there is in the bill an
ad valorem duty of thirty-five per cent."
Now, it must occur to the most casual ob-
server that with this relative increase in the
duty on woolen fabrics the manufacturer can
import wool to compete with domestic wool to
precisely the same advantage that he can under
the present tariff. Yea, with greater profit,
for t,he proposed duty on the manufactured
goods is relatively greater than on the raw
material.
What, then, will be the effect of this meas-
ure? Granted, for. the argument, that it will
immediately increase the price, of both domes-
tie and foreign wools to the temporary advan-
tage off the home producer. But at whose cost
will this increase be made? Of course every
man knows that the profits of both the wool-
grower and wool-manufacturer must be derived
from the consumer. Let me illustrate how this
is: The average, weight of the ordinary cloth-
ing of ths male population in the United States
is made from cloth the average weight of ten
to eleven ounces per yard of three fourths of a
yard in width. If the average quantity for each
person for a full suit be for a coat four yards,
for a wajstcoat three fourths of a .yard, for
trowssrs tw.o and one fpurth yards, for an
overcoat four yards, making for ti>e suit eleven
yards; wliich would cost in England seventy
cents per yard, or $7 70 in gold. To this un-
der this bill must be added $5 83 duty in gold,
to which should be added the premium on gold,
for it operates as a duty on the import, at thir-
ty-five cents, amounting to $2 05, making a
total of $7 90 duty, or twenty cents more than
the material cost in England of which the suit
was made. This is an example of the protec-
tion which the combination of wool-growers
and wool-manufacturers demand that the com-
mon people of this country shall afford them.
And this is a fair illustration of the increase
of prices given by this bill over all imported
cl.othing and woolens.
But is it true that this increase of duty will
permanently increase the price of wool? I
had supposed it to be "an axiom in political
economy that no amount of duty on any for-
eign product can permanently enhance, above
the cost of production, the price of the domes-
tic product so long as it could bo produced to
an unlimited extent." Does any one imagine
that the increased jirice will not stimulate the
production of wool in Iowa, Missouri, Kansas,
and especially in New Mexico, and Texas,
where it can be produced as cheaply as on the
Pampas of South America? I venture the pre-
diction that the effect of this law would ulti-
mately be, were it continued on the statute-
book which I do not predict, to entirely de-
stroy the wool-growing business east of the
Mississippi river, in all of these States where
wool-growing is conducted upon lands costing
thirty dollars per acre and upward. Iowa,
so far as I have heard, with her two million
sheep demands no protection. That demand
comes from the 'frool-growers of Ohio and the
States east of them. I do not understand that
we do not receive to-day a fair price for our
wool as compared with the prices of other
agricultural products. With the present price
of sheep- and labor we can as well afford to
produce wool as we can corn, beef, and pork.
During .the war the producers received from
sixty eents'to one dollar a pound for wool. I
agree fully with the commissioner when he says
that—
" The low prices of wool at the present time are no
legitimate arguments in respect to this question, in-
asmuch as they are abnormal in their character, and
are due mainly to a general depression of business,
consequent upon an anticipated redaction of prices,
and to an over-importation of foreign wools in the
spring and summer of 1806, stimulated by the pros-
pect of an advance in the tariff."
And I further agree with him in his opinion
that—
"The trouble under which the. wool-grower at
present labors is one and the same affecting every
other branch;of-industry in the country, namely; a
most extraordinary advance in the cost of all the
elements entering into production. To remedy this
state of things thewool-growernowproposes to make
the cost of production still higher; for it cannot be
supposed that he alone, of all the producers of the
country, is to be allowed to advance the price of his
products without submitting to an equivalent ad-
vance in the price of all others."
I wish it to be understood that I want to pro-
tect the wool-growers. I want to protect them
against an enormous advance upon the neces-
saries of life; against an increase of twenty-
five or thirty per cent, in the 'cost cf all of their
agricultural implements; against an increase
in the clothing they wear, the food they eat,
the books they read. I would not advise or
stimulate if I could the people of my State,
under the stimulus of a high-duty, to rush into
attempts to produce wool on a large scale,
which cannot be of advantage to the State, and
must in the end be disastrous to them. From
the time vf the Shepherd Kings down to the
present moment, no nation, people, or com-
munity that devoted their energies principally
to the husbandry of flocks ever bccame rich or
powerful. Providence has created certain re-
gions on this continent, one would almost think,
with a special reference to this kind of hus-
bandry, and planted there both the shepherds
and the sheep. When the Pacific railroad shall
be pushed a little further to the Southwest, the
wool of S^nta F6 will drive many large wool-
growers in this country from this avocation.
I admit that the agriculturist who diversifies
his labor and hisproduetiojja, the farmer .with,
his fifteen horses, pis forty cattle, his fifty swine,
and one hundred head of sheep is a benefactor,
and should be encouraged. Let us see how
this bill encourages him. His one hundred
head of sheep will furnish him two hundred
and fifty pounds of wool, which will beip>creased
in valu# by the passage of this bill, if it does
what its- most ardent friends, claim for it, fifteen
cents a pound or $42 50 on his clip. But in
order to secure this, he must consent to be taxed
six cents,^ bushel on the salt th$t he feeds to
his sheep and with which he cares his meat
and seasons his food; he must agree to an ad'
ditional tax upoji the plows, harrows, sjiovela,
hoes, reapers, with which - he cultivates hia
utensils used in preparing his food, and. the
table cutlery with which he eats it. I wpuld
be pleased to know where the net profit ,on the
one hundred head of sheep would be found in
this transaction; and if that would be small,
where would the equally deserving farmer wh,o
was not the owner of sheep find a compensa-
tion for the additional taxation put upon him
by this bill. And let it be remembered that
.those who raise wool are only as one it) a thou-
sand by the side of those who consume it. But
the truth is, this bill will not cause any per-
manent and reliable advance in the price of
wool. There may be a sort of spasmodic rise
brought about for the benefit of the speculators
holding large quantities of it, but it cannot last.
This bill will only benefit the manufacturer by
plaeing the consumer completely in his power.
Never was the innocent sheep more completely
shorn than the wool-growers have been in the
nice little combination they entered into with
the manufacturers to increase the price of
wearing apparel and blankets on the con-
sumer.
Why, I ask, is so high a duty placed upon the
wool of Cotswold, Leicestershire, and other
long-wooled sheep which are not produced in
this country to any appreciable extent?" I be-
lieve we have at this time a capital amounting
to between five and eight million dollars invested
in the worsted business. This wool is used
solely for that purpose. The effect of this bill
will be to root up and destroy, that entire
worsted business to the advantage of nobody
in this country so far as I can learn,"but to the
great detriment of everybody who uses worsted
fabrics by greatly increasing the price of thera.
But the iron makers insist that they are in
distress and taust be relieved. It was for their
benefit in the first instance that this bill wa,s
proposed. I do not profess to be as well ia-
4'ormed upon the subject of iron manufacture
as some others, or perhaps as I ought to be, but
so far as my observation and inquiries have ex-
tended I am convinced that every iron estab-
lishment in the country, properly located and
economically conducted, is yielding reasonable
profits to its owners, and some of them yield
enormous profits. By "reasonable profits" I
mean what is considered by men engaged in
other legitimate business to be fair returns for
their capital invested.
The present duties on the leading descrip-
tions of iron are:
Per cwt.
Icon, pig -   52
Iron, bar, (common,) equivalent to 68i
Iron, small, round and square, equivalent to 77
Iron, hoop, equivalent to.. ..... ....  73
Iron, hand, equivalent to  64
Iron, refined, equivalent to .58 to 8oV
Iron, best Yorkshire, equivalent to o6-i to 401
Iron, best English .boiler plates, equivalent to  33
Iron, sheet, Nos. 11 to 20 wire gauge, equivalent to. 55
Steel, extra east, equivalent to 411
Steel, blister, equivalent to   33 to 44i
Steel, third quality spring, equivalent to   69^
Steel tires for locomotives, equivalent to............. 451
To these rates freight, insurance, coiniiaissions, &e.,
must be added, thus to some estept increasing the
duties above the rates here given.'
The average varieties of iron used by black-
smiths, machinists, and ship-builder?, now pro-
tected to the extent of fifty-five per cent., is
advanced by this bill fifteen per oent Nail
