1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
39th Cong—2d Sess. Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Heps.
commercial and financial interests of the coun-
try are disturbed by it, and the prosperity of
the country is affected seriously, and the
scocer the question is settled the better for all
parties and interests concerned.
In these remarks 1 intend no reflection upon
the honorable committee that has eharge of
this subject; but that this inquiry ought to bo
pressed at once and without delay is most evi-
dent. If the President has been guilty of acts
for which he should be impeached, let us not
shrink from the responsibility which properly
belongs to us. If he is guiltless he should not
be unnecessarily haunted with the specter of
impeachment. If he is to be tried, and when
tried found guiltless, we must then submit to
the rule of the President to the end of his con-
stitutional term and suffer him to pursue his
devious way. If he is to remain in that office
for the coming two years we might as well
abandon the question of the reconstruction of
the States lately in rebellion by legislative en-
actment, and at once proceed to forti fy ourselves
against any further encroachments on the part
of the Executive, and content ourselves with
such legislation as shall be necessary to pre-
vent the Representatives from the President's
"pocket States" from occupying seats on this
floor until after another presidential election
shall have given us a President true to liberty,
true to justice, true to the best interests of the
whole country. Then harmony will be restored
between the executive and the legislative depart-
ments of the Government, then the worlc of
reconstruction can again be resumed and pros-
ecuted to a speedy restoration of these States
upon a basis in accordance with-the principles
of the Constitution. We can certainly endure
the present condition of things if the southern
States can. It is of more importance to them
to have representation than it is to us that they
should have it.
If they prefer to continue in their obstinacy
rather than yield to the just and humane de-
sires of Congress, I say compel them to bear
their equal share of the burdens of the Govern-
ment and withhold from them the blessings
which result from a condition of restoration to
the Union and to representation in Congress
until such time as they are willing to do justice.
Let the responsibility rest with them, it will not
belong to us. They have rejected the consti-
tutional amendment proposed at the last ses-
sion of Congress: perhaps they will like this
measure better.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,]
in his remarks to-day, seemed to be somewhat
excited over an anticipated war if we passed
this bill. I desire to ask the gentleman where
he is going to get his soldiers to make war upon
the Government and the Congress of the United
States? You will hardly find them in the rebel
States. They have had enough of war; they
have been thoroughly whipped, and do not de-
sire to be whipped again. You will not get
them from the loyal people of the northern or
southern States. If you get any at all you may
drum up a few recruits from the Democratic
ranks, but in the present weak and shattered
condition of that party you would hardly be able
to raise a *ery formidable army, and I tell the
gentleman if the party decreases in the same
ratio in the coming year as it has in the last,
the whole party together would not form a re-
spectable corps d'arm^e.
A Member. How about the bread-and-but-
ter brigade?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Pardon me; I did not
think of that heroic and patriotic band, but I
do not apprehend much danger from that source;
it would be a bloodless conflict; we would have
no use either for the sword or the musket; all
that would be necessary to make a conquest
over them would be found in the commissary
department. Order out the bread and butter
and peace would be restored.
I ask the gentleman, who is going to com-
mand your army in case you make war upon
the Government? Do you believe that Gen-'
erals Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Thomas, or
Howard will command and lead your armies
against Congress and the loyal people of the
United States? Are they going to make war
upon those who have been their friends through-
out the long and bloody struggle for the sup-
pression of the rebellion? Are they going to
make war upon those without whose aid they
would not now wear upon their brows the re-
splendent laurels of victory which they won ?
You will find no Grant, no Sherman, no Sheri-
dan, no Thomas, no Howard, to command you,
except to command you to disperse. You will
not find one heroic soldier who fought to main-
tain the honor of his country's flag, for the pres-
ervation of his country's life, for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, for the destruction of
slavery, that will join your army. No, not
one.
For one I anticipate no war, and if the Pres-
ident would only lend his ready cooperation to
the measures matured and passed by Congress
for the restoration of permanent peace the
most timorous would not even dream of war,
knowing that if such was the fact, harmony
and prosperity would bo restored without de-
lay. The people of the South would not for
a moment stand in 4he way of congressional
reconstruction but for the encouragement held
out to them under the presidential policy.
Under that policy they see in anticipation
restoration to power—yea, augmented power,
more power than they had previous to their
rebellion. Under the reconstruction policy of
Congress they see a diminution of their power
unless they enlarge their ideas of justice, lib-
erty, and the rights of man. Should they do
this, then their political power would be equal
to ours in the ratio of their population. But
until they consent to_ stand upon the platform
we stand upon, and in their fundamental laws
grant liberty and equality to all men, they will
find the heroic people of the 'North at the bal-
lot-box and here in Congress battling them in
the future as they have in the past.
We have laid aside the musket and we hope
to be able to complete our work with the bal-
lot. We must gather the fruits of our victo-
ries. It has been so decreed by the people,
and in this Government the people are supreme.
Let us hear no more of a war upon the loyal
people and their Representatives.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lb Blond]
and his colleague [Mr. Finck] denounced
with considerable vehemence the action of the
majority here as tending to monarchy; that we
favored despotism ; that we ignore the rights
of the southern people ; that we are going to
fasten upon them governments unsupportable
by reason of their tyranny.
How, Mr. Speaker, can any man without
blushing make the charge against the Repub-
lican Union party that it is despotic ; that it is
attempting to destroy the liberties of the peo-
ple ; that it is seeking to establish monarchy
or an oligarchy; that it is seeking to place the
powers of the Government in the hands of the
few to the exclusion of the many?
Sir, 1 have but to point with becoming pride
to the record of the Republican party to refute
this charge. Has it not enlarged and extended
the area of liberty? Has it not taken by the
hand the lowly, the poor, the oppressed, and
the downtrodden and lifted them up to a polit-
ical level with itself? Has it not, in opposi-
tion to the falsely called Democratic party,
Btricken the corroding shackles from four mil-
lion slaves, which the hand of tyranny and
despotism fastened upon them, and which the
Democratic party kept upon them during three
generations ? The snackles and that party are
going to dust together.
This, sir, is the fruit gathered from the seed
planted by the old abolition party many years
ago iu the free soil of the North. Slavery and
oligarchy—the worst features of despotism—
were cherished and strengthened by the party
calling itself Democratic. When the abolition
party came into power it struck a giant blow,
and Moloch and his worshipers fell to rise no
more.
1o whom are we indebted for the repeal of
the odious fugitive slave law? To the Repub-
lican party that is in power to-day. In its hatred
of despotism it struck that hideous law out of
existence. To whom is the world indebted for
the grand lessons of liberty and equal justice
that have been taught and enforced within the
past few years? To the abolition party. To
whom are the colored people of this District
indebted for the recognition of their manhood
and their rights as citizens? To that same
Abolition-Republican party in Congress here.
Standing loyal and true to its professions it was
the first party to give the country an illustra-
tion of the principles it professed in favor of
universal liberty. It voted for the abolition of
slavery at the seat of your Government and
carried it over your opposition. It conferred
throughout the length and breadth of this land
the character and rights of citizens upon the
emancipated blacks in the face of the opposi-
tion of your party and over the veto of your
President. Recognizing the right of the black
man to liberty it placed in his hands the ballot
to protect that liberty.
Its voice is again heard in opposition to the
admission of new States with the word "white"
in their constitutions. It is against the recog-
nition of the inequality of man; and here again
your party is on the side of despotism and
oligarchy. The Republican party has ever
been the party of liberty, of equality, and
justice. That party is now most gloriously ful-
filling the hopes of the good men who founded
and established this Republic by carrying into
practical effect the immutable principle of the
Declaration of Independence, "that all men
arc created equal." For the first time in the
history of the Government has this divine priiv
ciple been recognized by its law-making power
and carried into execution. Instead of war
the day of jubilee is coming, and this Republi-
can party is going to usher it in. Are we in
favor of monarchy and despotism? Are you
afraid that the Republican Union party will
fasten upon any portion of the people the
chains of slavery or any form of despotic gov-
ernment?
Have we not in the face of the fiercest oppo-
sition enlarged the area of freedom and made
it coextensive with the Republic itself? The
Republican party has done all this and more ;
all for the amelioration and elevation of man-
kind. Language fails me to portray its glori-
ous deeds in behalf of liberty and justice. I
am proud of that party. It fcas done more to
aggrandize free institutions than any and all
other parties that ever existed on the face of
the earth. A portion of its fame belongs to
me. It will descend to my children. The
influence of its glorious deeds are not confined
alone to the limits of our own country. It has
extended across the seas, and is to-day under-
mining and threatening with destruction the
monarchies and despotisms of the Old World.
It questions the divine right of kings and their
thrones are less secure, and its influence will
not cease to be felt and move the hearts of men
until the world is redeemed from the thralldom
of despotism.
Now, sir, with that sublime record of the past
do you suppose it possible for the Republican
party to do an act inconsistent with that record,
an act that will dim the luster of its immortal
fame? No, sir, never. We are making a grand
advance. Clothed in the panoply of justice,
supported by the unconquerable will of a lib-
erty-loving people, we are invincible. The day
is coming, it is not far distant, when justice
will be satisfied and the blessiDgs of liberty
secured to all, and then a grand &Dd majestic
Republic will have risen upon the ruins of the
present.
