1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to point me to a country that is not prosperous
in its manufacturing which has a commerce.
Where is the country divested of manufacture
that has a commerce?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary for me to answer interrogations of the
gentleman.. He is-specially interested in the
subject of manufactures: I am not interested
either in manufactures or commerce. I speak
from thes: knowledge of historic facts I have
gathered in the course of my life. If I am in
eiror I can be corrected.
Mr.. President, I have no desire to weary the
Senate by criticisms of other crudities, partial-
ities, I may say enormities, contained in the
bill. I leave to others who may follow me the
discussion of other branches of this subject.
Why should we make haste to pass this meas-
ure? We were told yesterday by the Senator
from Ohio that it was only necess&ry because
of the high price of labor. Does he expect that
this bill, when enacted into a law,- will reduce
the value of skilled labor, or that it will have
a tendency in that direction? On the contrary,
will it not have the effect to increase the value
of that description of labor, and shall we not
have the same manufacturing- interests, with
the same argument in their mouths; clamoring
at our doors at-the next session for increased
duties on those provided in this bill?
lie also told us that this tariff was not re-
quired by the iron masters to protect them
against the pauper labor of Europe. This is
undoubtedly so. The protection is required
against the high prices of American labor, and
nothing can show more thoroughly the absurd-
ity of this measure. Why, we are told that
the difference between the prices of labor in
the iron works at Pittsburg and Johnstown in
the same State of Pennsylvania, and within less
than two hundred miles of each other, is suffi-
cient to enable the Cambria works at Johnsto wn
to divide a fair dividend on their capital, while
in the Pittsburg works no profits are realized
at all. In Pittsburg Jhere are leagues and com-
binations and dissipation among the workmen,
so that their labor is not as valuable as the
same labor would be at other places, where-
upon the employers post off to Washington to
secure legislation, which in their judgment
will protect them against high wages and un-
remuncrative labor.
Our true policy is to wait. Let us make haste
slowly. The financial and business affairs of
this country will adjust themselves if we will
only let them alone. Values of all kinds are
falling, beginning with agricultural products,
and will of their own momentum adjust them-
selves to the specie standard. Skilled labor
will, like everything else, in a little while find
its true reward. The true relief for the manu-
facturer and the people alike should be sought,
and can only be found in a reduction of the
internal taxes on manufactures. So much does
the internal tax duplicate itself in the various
forms in which it is imposed upon manufactures
that a reduction of one cent from the internal
tax would probably be of as mueh benefit to
the manufacturer as the imposition of five per
cent, duty under this bill.
But the passage of this bill will preclude us
from making such a reduction of the tax, for
its practical effect would be to increase the
duty for the benefit of the manufacturer and
throw so much greater burden upon the other
sources of internal revenue. Surely we shall
not be asked, after giving the manufacturers
all they required under this bill, to 'the loss of
the public revenue I am convinced of not less
than fifty million dollars per annum, we shall
not be asked to also reduce the tax oh their
manufactures and thus throw still greater bur-
dens on the consumers.
Mr. President, were I an iron manufacturer
I would protest against the passage of this bill.
From the day of its enactment agitation for
its repeal will begin. The greatest of all evils
in business of every description are fluctuations
and uncertainties. This measure will derange
all the business of the country and afford relief
to no considerable portion of the people. It
cannot remain long on your statute-book. Its
atrocious inequalities and partialities and one-
sidedness will attract the attention and receive
the condemnation of the people whenever they
shall have an opportunity to pass upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
Several Senators. What is it?
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert in the free list-, after line thirty of
section eighteen:
Books, mans, charts, and other printed matter spe-
cially imported in good faith for any public library
or society incorporated or established for philosoph-
ical, literary, orreligiouspurposes, orfor the encour-
agement of the fine arts, or for the use of any college,
academy, sohool, or seminary of learning in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Having examined these
questions more critically since yesterday's ses-
sion, I am satisfied that the amendment which
I proposed will effectuate all the useful pur-
poses I designed for it by striking out all that
it contains after the word "arts," and I be-
. lieve that will be satisfactory to the Committee
of Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont modifies his amendment by
striking out all after the word '1 arts.1'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it
read, then.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
Books, maps, charts, and other printed matter spe-
cially imported in good faith for any public library
or society, incorporated or established for philosoph-
ical, literary, or religious purposes, or for the encour-
agement of the fine arts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe it is regarded
as scarcely in good taste to oppose an amend-
ment like this, because when a man speaks in
the name of the colleges and the high schools
of the country and the libraries of the country
he is supposed to speak by such authority that
no man should question what he says ; but I
must confess to a sympathy with the sentiments
expressed yesterday evening by the distin-
guished Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
There is no use to pretend that this is an
amendment in the interest of the common
schools and the common people of the country.
It is not of that character, and it cannot be.
The common schools of the country are sup-
plied with their literature from the productions
of the American press, and I am very glad that
it is so. I do not know of a single foreign
book going into the schools of the State of In-
diana, and I suppose it is so most generally
over the country. But there are colleges,
well endowed institutions, and there are high
schools, and there are select libraries to which
it will be an advantage to be allowed to bring
from foreign countries without any duty rare
and costly books and maps.
Now, when everybody is taxed to bear the
burdens of the Government, when every inter-
est in society has to help tfr bear these bur-
dens, why is it that even the literary taste of
the country shall not bear its part? The
humble laborer has to pay something on the
salt that goes into the food for his children ;
and yet we are asked to say that the rich and
endowed institution, the places of resort of
the learned and wealthy as a genera! thing,
shall have a peculiar privilege and exemption
from the burdens of Government.
A man would do better, I suppose, not to
entertain these sentiments; it would perhaps
be more popular to just say that what the Sen-
ator from Vermont proposes is not to be ques-
tioned. If the burdens of Government were
not heavy I would not care anything about it;
but everybody has to come up to the work
now, no interest escapes, and the college that
wishes to secure for its library the rare works
of European minds and European presses had
as well pay upon the importation as the man
who is required to pay a duty upon the salt
that seasons the food for his family. I do not
believe in many exemptions. When taxes are
to be gathered I believe in the doctrine that
they shall apply to everybody and all aiike. I
think I appreciate the importance of" semi-
naries of learning and of colleges as highly
as any Senator; but I do not believe in ex-
empting them from the burdens that all the
people have to bear.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, by the exist-
ing law it seems to me the Senator from In-
diana forgot public libraries and literary so e-
ties receive boobs, maps, and engravings free
of duty. It is now proposed to change the
existing law, so that public libraries shall no
longer receive books, maps, charts, and en-
gravings free of duty. Now, it is a littlecurious
that this moment is seized for this important
change, which I must call retrogressive in its
character. It seems like going back to the
dark ages. We made no such change during
the war. We went through all its terrible trials
and the consequent taxation without any such
proposition. Now that peace has come, and
when we are considering how to mitigate taxa-
tion, it is proposed to add this new tax.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask whether he regards this bill as a miti-
gation of the taxes upon goods brought from
foreign countries?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not discussing the bill
as a general measure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
spoke of the present effort to mitigate taxation.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I am not wrong
when I say there is everywhere a disposition
to reduce taxation, whether it may be on foreign
or on domestie articles. It is the desire of
the country and it is the irresistible tendency
of things; and at this moment, when the coun-
try is filled with that desire, will they not be
astonished if they find that instead of reducing
a tax on knowledge you augment it ?
I insist that in imposing this duty you not
only change the existing law, but you depart
from the standing policy of republican institu-
tions. Everywhere we have education at the
public expense. The first form of this is in
the public school, which is open to all. But
the public library is the complement or sup-
plement of the public school. As well impose
a tax on the public school as on the public
library.
I doubt if the Senate is fully aware of the
number of public libraries springing into ex-
istence. This is a characteristic of our times.
Nor is it peculiar to our country. Down to a
recent day public libraries were chiefly colle-
giate. In Europe they were collegiate or con-
ventional. There were no libraries of the peo-
ple. But such libraries are now appearing in
England in France. Every considerable place
or center has its library for the benefit of the
neighborhood. But this movement, like every
liberal tendency, is more marked in the United
States. Here public libraries are coming into
being without number. The public library of
Boston and the Astor library of New York are
magnificent examples, which smaller towns are
imitating. In my own State there are public
libraries; in Salem, Newburyport, New Bed-
ford, Worcester, Springfield, indeed I might
almost say in every town. But Massachusetts
is not alone. Public libraries are springing up
in all the northern States. They are now ex-
tending like a belt of light across the country.
rThey are like a new zodiac, in which knowledge
travels with the sun from east to west. Of
course these are all for the public benefit. They
are public schools, where every book is a
schoolmaster. To tax such institutions now
for the first time is a new form of that old
enemy—a "tax on knowledge." Such is my
sense of their supreme value that I should be
disposed to offer them bounties rather -than
taxes.
In continuation of this same hospitality to
knowledge I wish to go still further and relieve
imported books of all taxes so far as may be
not inconsistent with interests already em-
barked in the book business. For instance,
let all books, maps,^ charts, and engravings
printed before 1840 take their place on the
free list. Publications before that time cannot
