1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Shanhlin.
Ho. op Reps.
What power or authority has the General Gov-
ernment to form a State government? The
General Government has the right, and it is
its duty, to guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government; but that grant in '
the Constitution does not confer upon Con-
gress the right to form a republican govern-
ment for a State. The people of a State alone
have the right to form their State government,
and it is for Congress to determine after that
government is formed whether it is republican
in form or not. That is the extent of the power
of the General Government. If thepeopleform
a government which the Congress shall deter-
mine is not republican in form, wliat would be :
the effect of it? The government so formed
would be a nullity, and the whole subject would
be referred back to the people, who would be
required to form another, and so on from time
to time until they formed a government which j
was republican in form. When they have done
that, then, according to the principles of the j
Constitution, they would be entitled to a con- j
nection with the Government of the United
States if within the limits of her jurisdiction '
and possessed of sufficient population. i
But I will hasten on to consider some of the
provisions of this bill. It contains very extraor- I
dinary provisions, conferring extraordinary
powers upon the military governments to be
established over these ten States. They are to
be divided into five districts, each one of which
is to have a military commander over it not
below the grade of brigadier general. It pro-
vides—
That said so-called States shall be divided into
military districts and made subjcct to the military
authority of the United States as hereinafter pro-
vided.
Military chieftains or perhaps despots are to
be placed in each one of the districts. The
third section defines what the powers of these
military governors shall be, and while it does
not in direct terms attempt to set aside the State
governments, yet, if it is carried out, if all the
powers attempted to be conferred upon the mil-
itary governments are carried into full effect,
the result will b^to utterly destroy and abolish
these State governments which are now exist-
ing for the protection of the people of those
States, and put them absolutely and uncondi-
tionally under the control of military despots,
despots not responsible to the people of those
States. If there is any responsibility anywhere
perhaps it is to the Congress of the United
States, which claims to exercise all the sove-
reign power of these governments without re-
gard to the other coordinate branches.
The third section provides "that it shall be
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid
to protect all persons in their rights of person
and property. It covers the whole ground of
protection of person and property. How are
you going to protect these citizens by military
authority in the right of property? You must
have a remedy to enforce that right, and that
must be determined by the military commander
of the district. There is no code of laws writ-
ten or unwritten belonging to a military gov-
ernment. The discretion, the will, the caprice,
or the passion of the military commander con-
stitutes the codc of laws by which he governs
the community.
But this bill"goes further. It not only gives
the absolute and unconditional control over the
rights of property and person, but it declares—
That it shall be the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of per-
son and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the public peace and criminals, and
to this end he mav allow civil tribunals to take juris-
diction of and to try offenders, or, when in his judg-
ment it may be necessary for the trial of offenders,
he shall have power to organize military commis-
sions or tribunals for that purpose, anything in the
constitution and laws of the so-called States to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Sir, if you were to add " anything in the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States and the
decisions of the Supreme Court made-flnder
the Constitution to the contrary-notwithstand-
ing" it would be complete and perfect, and
there would beno difticnltyin understanding the
objects and design of this measure.
I would inquire what power any Government
can exercise that is not conferred upon these
military authorities? You give to them ab-
solute, unrestricted control over the rights of
person and of property. You strike down all
civil governments. Ah ! but there is a clause
in this bill which says the military commander
may, if he sees proper, confide to the civil courts
the trial of offenses against the laws. By the
permission of those military commanders the
courts may try—not that they shall try; not
that they shall have jurisdiction of cases of that
government—but with the consent of the mili-
tary commander alone they may try offenses
against the laws. Where, I ask you, is the
power left to these State governments to pro-
tect either the life, liberty, or property of the
citizen ? They are made perfectly subservient
to this military authority; and any upstart with j
brass buttons and shoulder-straps, with or with- i
out brains or heart may control the courts of j
law; and the doctrines and maxims of our Gov- j
ernment are subverted. I have always been j
taught that the military is subordinate to the
civil authority ; but by the provisions of this
bill the civil power is made subordinate to the
military power, and that, too, in a time of pro-
found and perfect peace. When there is no re-
bellion, no war, and no prospect of war the
military is made the supreme government in
these ten States when this bill shall be carried
into effect. At the end of the third section of
this bill you will find the following:
And all legislative or judicial proceedings or pro-
cesses to prevent or control the proceedings of said
military tribunals, and all interference by said pre-
tended State governments with the exercise of mili-
tary authority under this act, shall be void and of no
effect.
For fear there might be some misunder-
standing of the powers intended to be con-
ferred upon these military authorities it is
declared that all interference by the legisla-
tive, executive, or judicial authorities in those
States shall be null and void. I would like to
know if it is the purpose of those who drafted
this bill and of the committee who reported
it to strike down the Federal courts as well
as the State courts there? No exemption is
made for the Federal courts. All courts within
the borders of those States, according to the
liberal meaning of this act, are denied the
right to try anybody unless by the permission
of the military commanders; and the very next
section of the bill shows that it was the inten-
tion not only to destroy and annihilate the
State courts, but to overthrow and overturn
the Federal courts which are now in existence
in those States. The fourth section provides—
That courts and judicial officers of the United
States shall not issue writs of habeat corpus in be-
half of persons in military custody, unless some
commissioned officer on duty in the district wherein
the person is detained shall indorse upon said peti-
tion a statement certifying, upon honor, that ho has
knowledge or information as to the cause and cir-
cumstances of the alleged detention, and that he be-
lieves the same to be wrongful; and further, that he
believes that the indorsed petition is preferred in
pood faith, and in furtherance of justice, and not to
hinder or delay tho punishment of crime.
A lieutenant, perhaps, is by this bill set up
over a Federal judge, who cannot exercise that
highest right and power of the judiciary which
was intended for the protection of the citizen,
unless he first obtains the permission of the
lieutenant or any other military officer who
may be in command there. The action of the
Federal judge is made subservient to the will
and pleasure of these subordinate military
officers.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless in ease
of invasion, or insurrection, when the public
safety may require it. It et hore there is an
effort by this bill to suspend the privilege of
the writ of habtw eorpvs when there is no
danger, when there is no insurrection, no in-
vasion, when the public safety does not require
it; directly overriding that great principle which
our fathers ingrafted in the Constitution for
the purpose of protecting the citizen against
wrong and oppression.
Now, I will ask gentlemen, as they have been
repeatedly asked before, where do you get the
power and the authority to pass a measure of
this character? Do you find it in the Consti-
tution of the United States? That question
has been repeated again and again, and there
has yet been no response to it. You not only
have no authority within the clauses of the Con-
stitution, but you have no shadow of authority
there. And this military power and authority
which you are now seeking to establish in each
of these ten States is attempted to be organized
in violation of every principle and feature of
the Constitution intended for the protection of
the citizen. I will read some of those provis-
ions. The first to which I will call attention is
the following, in section two and article three of
the Constitution:
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall beheld
in the State where the said crimes shall Invc been
committed: but when not committed within any
State the trial shall be at such place or places as the
Congress may by law have directed."
Here is a provision of your fundamental law
which declares that all trials shall be by jury.
Have you provided in this bill for a trial by
jury? You have not. You have denied the
trial by jury, coming directly in conflict with
that great principle of your Constitution which
was intended for the protection of the citizen
against oppression.
In the fifth amendment of the Constitution
it is provided that—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in tho militia when in
actual service, in time of war or public danger: nor
shall any person be subject for the samq offense to
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limbnor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against
himself; nor be deprived oflife, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
Have you provided in this bill for the trial
of offenders by or under the presentment or
indictment of a grand jury? 1 ou provide for
the organization, if the commander may think
proper, of a military commission for the trial
of offenders, not under indictment, but under
some sort of proceeding, I suppose, that may
be prescribed by the commanding general of
the district. You utterly deny the protection
which the Constitution here attempts to throw
around the citizen. Yon violate it in spirit
and in letter. You violate that instrument
from which alone you derive your power to
legislate at all; you violate one of the most
sacred and fundamental principles of that Con-
stitution which is intended for the protection
of the citizen when accused of crime—a trial
by jury.
It is further provided in the sixth amend-
ment of the Constitution that—
" In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall en-
joy the right to a speedy and public trial by an im-
partial jury of the State and district wherein tha
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law, and
to be informed of the nature and cause of the accu-
sation; to bo confronted with the witnesses against
him; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-
nesses in his favor; and to have the assistance of
counsel for his defense."
Have you in this bill any provision for a
trial of this kind? You are proposing not
only to try men who may be in the Army and
in the military service of the country, but you
are proposing to try civilians; and yet you
propose to try them, convict them, and punish
them without an opportunity of being heard
by themselves or counsel, if the military com-
mander should think proper to deny such a
hearing. The party who may be accused of
crime will not under this bill be guarantied
the right " to be informed of the nature and
cause of the accusation." There is no provbt-
