TOO
THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
come in competition with any interests here.
The revenue which they afford will be unimport-
ant, The tax you impose adds to the burdens
of scholars and professional men who need
them. Aijd yet every one of these books, when
once imported, is a positive advantage to the
country, by which knowledge is extended and
' the public taste is improvedi I do not wish to
cljim too much for the§e instructive strangers
belonging to another generation. I think that
J do not err if I agfc.for them a generous wel-
-fiome. But above all do not tax them.
.,rIt is sometimes said that we tax food and
clothes, therefore we must tax books. I
regret th^t food or clothes are taxed ; because
the; tax .presses upon the poor. But this is no
reason -for any additional tax. Reduce all
supl} ta-xes rather than add to them. But you
will not fail to remember the essential differ-
ence between these taxes. In New England
education from the beginning was at the pub-
lie expense, and this has been for some time
substantially the policy of the whole country,
except so far as it was darkened by slavery.
Therefore I insist that because we tax food
and clothes for the body this is no reason why
we should tax food and clothes for the mind.
. The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
y ¥EAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, Edmunds, Fes-
fieiidei), Jfogg^Fostcr, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harris,
Johnson, Mofgan, Morrill. Patterson, Riddle, Sauls-
jmry, Snragae, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
\\'ade. Willcy, and Wilson—22.
HAYS—Messrs. .Brown, Buekalew, Cattell, Con-
fess, JDooIittlc, Qrimes, Hendricks, Howard, Kirk-
wood, La.nc, Norton, Ramsey, and.Wiiiiams—13.
•ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
iel.t, Mavis, Guthrie, Henderson, Howe, McDougall,
Jfemith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Boss, Sherman,
-Stewart, and Yates—17.
" So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
■ Mr. BROWN. I desire to say in behalf of
jbjr colleague, [Mr. Hendehso;,',] who is absent
-if«m the Senate to-day, that he is detained at
-Ms room by sickness.
. Mr. SUMNER. I now offer an amendment
which is naturally associated with the one on
which the Senate has acted, to put maps, charts,
and engravings executed prior to 1840 on the
free list by inserting on page 102, between lines
ninety-seven and ninety-eight of section eight-
een, these words:
Maps, charts, and engravings executed prior to
1840.
I have no desire to say anything about this
matter in addition to what I have already said.
It seems to me a very plain case. There can
be no competition with anything here at home;
and I would give-entire hospitality to every such
product from abroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to the amend-
ment that has just been adopted, it was sub-
stantially, although not quite so extensive, what
the existing law was, and as modified I have
no particular objection to it. With regard to
this motion of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to place any of these matters
upon the free list, I think the-Senate had bet-
ter not go any further in that direction. If
the Senate will refer to the section- which cov-
ers books, maps, charts, and engravings they
•will see,that we- have made a distinction which,
after a great deal of deliberation, we thought
would be a just and proper one, and afford all
the protection that ought to be afforded and at
the same time be sufficiently liberal toward
these matters coming in.
We must raise revenue upon something.
Maps, charts, and engravings are made in our
own country. I do not know what particular
advantage there would be, though 1 suppose
there would be some, in picking up collections
of charts prior to 1840. The Senate will ob-
serve that we put a duty of only fifteen per cent,
on everything of that description executed prior
to 1840. It is a very low rate of duty. I think
they should pay some duty and the bill has been
predicated upon that idea.
This is in the interest of knowledge, which
my friend from Massachusetts and my friend
from Vermont have so much at heart; and
Stfcieh I have somewhat at heart myself, al-
January 24,
though I do not feel perhaps so delicate a sen-
sibility upon that subject as they do, for the
reason that I do not know so much about
books and never expect to; and yet so far as
the exemption has gone with reference to
public libraries I voted for it. I think we
should raise a revenue from this source and
we fix a small amount of duty on articles of
this kind executed prior to 1840, gradually
increasing as we come to those which are'most
apt to be published at th,e present day for the
purpose of affecting the publication of books
in our own country. I do not feel disposed to
discuss the question at any length; I simply
state my objection. I hope the Senate will
adhere to the report of the committee on this
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to protract
the discussion. I will be very brief. I have
already said that in putting these on the free
list you do not so far as I understand interfere
with any existing interest of our country.
Then againj the revenue that will be derived
from these items would be. very small, and such
as it is it would be paid by persons who are
bringing into the country something that we
ought to thank them for introducing. When
they are doing that I do not think it advisable
for us to tax them. I would encourage them
to bring into the country every map, chart, and
engraving executed before 1840 because it
will be for the public advantage; it will be
valuable in every collection of books in every
private library ; it will be consulted by students,
by-scholars, and,-as I said a moment ago, it
will help to elevatti the public taste.
Now, it so happens that these, very articles
become of additional value often from their
very antiijuity. The Senator says the duty is
small; it is only fifteen per cent.; but suppose
for instance an engraving or map, which lrom
its rarity is worth fifty dollars 
Mr. PESSENDEN. Allow me. We act
on a principle directly opposite to that with
regard to works of art. 'lake for instance a
painting by a master; it is valuable in propor-
tion to its antiquity, to its age, sometimes.
We impose there an additional duty accord-
ing to the increased value of the work. We
impose a duty of thirty dollars on every paint-
ing to keep out cheap paintings; and after
that there is an increase of ten per cent., I
think—I speak from recollection—upon the
value as the value increases. That is on an
exactly opposite principle to that now con-
tended for; and if you are to carry this out
you may just as well go back to valuable paint-
ings and say "the more valuable the better;
they should come in free." The object is in
this particular revenue; and revenue should be
paid when these things are imported by those
who are able to import them and able to pay
revenue. If they are imported for the use of
libraries and societies of the kind named in the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont they
are covered by thatamendment which has been
adopted. But if people of wealth choose to im-
port old and valuable books, engravings, &e.,
it is proper that they should pay a revenue
duty; we do not impose a large one.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not a large duty, the
Senator says. The duty on these valuable pic-
tures he puts at ten per cent., but the duty on
maps and engravings he puts at fifteen per
cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a specific
duty in the first plaGe of thirty dollars on every
painting.
Mr. SUMNER. But take one—a valuable
painting; .the specific duty of thirty dollars
added to the ten per cent, would not be very
much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is ten dollars on
every hundred; it advances.
Mr. SUMNER. Take a very valuable paint-
ing when the price is thousands of dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ten dollars on the
hundred would amount to a pretty large sum.
Mr. SUMNER. Still it is only ten per cent.
The point on which I was when the Senator
interrupted mc was this: that there are many
maps and engravings of very great value from
their rarity; $50, $100,, $200, $500are some-
times paid for these rarities. . Now, the ques-
tion ia whether we will make the person who
is disposed to purchase one of these works of
art—such they are—pay an additional tax of
fifteen per cent.
Mr. CONNESS. Whether we will cheapen
them or not?
Mr. SUMNER. As the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia happily puts it, the question is whether
we will cheapen them or not. T say cheapen
them ; I say bring them into the country, and
be grateful to those who do bring them into
the country. Now, I hope that the Congress
of the United States, in this year of light, will
not set up a Chinese wall against any such
acquisitions. Let us invite them; let us
receive them with open arms.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, .all the
necessaries of life are highly taxed by this bill.
Every man pays a tax upon the salt .that he
uses. Every man pays a tax upon' the bread
that he and his family consume. Every man
pays a tax upon the clothing of himself and
his family. And now it is proposed, notwith-
standing the necessities of the country, to de-
jmand high taxes upon these necessaries of
life to exempt what are luxuries to the rich
in the country. I consider that an offensive
discrimination against the people who are not
able to purchase these valuable books and
these fine paintings to which the Senator has
referred. I appreciate the argument which he
advances. I know how much advantage it is
to the country, how much it would tend to
improve the intelligence and taste of the
country to have these valuable book? and
paintings introduced free of duty; but, sir, the
necessities of the country require that we
should raise a revenue, and I say that where
ever it is practicable the duties should rather
be imposed upon luxuries and the elegancies
of life than .upon the necessaries and those
things which are of universal consumption. It
is upon that ground that J oppose this amend-
ment and all such amendments. There is a
great burden of public indebtedness upon the
people of the United States, and every tariff,
as far as practicable, should equalize that bur-
den upon all classes, and not undertake to
exonerate one part of the community and add -
to the burdens of another, and particularly
exempt those who are best able to pay duties.
Mr. SUJINER. Mr. President, there ia no
question of the exemption of those who are
best able to pay these duties; it is simply a
question of a tax on knowledge. The Senator
by his system would shut these out from the
country and would say, "Hail to darkness!"
Let me say, "Hail, holy light!" Ido not wish
to repeat what I have so often said in this
Chamber; but the argument of the Senator has
been made here again and again, and hereto-
fore as often as it has been made I have under-
taken to answer it. He says we put a tax on
necessaries now—on the food that fills the body ;
on the garments that clothe the body. Very
well; we do. I regret that we do. I wish
that we were in a condition to relieve the coun-
try of that taxation. But does not the Senator
bear in mind that he now proposes to go further,
and, in going further, to depart from the great
principle which governs our institutions from
the beginning of our history ? W e have had edu-
cation free; in other words, wehave undertaken
to fill the mind and to clothe the mind at the
public expense. We never did undertake to fill
the body or to clothe the body at the public
expense. I, sir, as a lover of my race should
have been glad could the country have clothed
the body and filled the body with food at the
public expense. I should have been glad of it
had society been in such a condition that that
visionary idea could be accomplished; but we
all know that it is not. Let us then be prac-
tical and stand on the ancient ways; seek the
principle which governed our fathers, which
■enters essentially into republican institutions,
and that principle I say is, that education and
knowledge, so far as practicable, shall be free.
