1867;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
In order to make education and knowledge
free you must so far as .possible relieve all
your books "of taxation. I have already in
what I said a moment ago said that I did not
propose to interfere with any of the practical
interests of the book trade; and where those
interests are out of the way I insist that the
great principle of republican institutions should
be applied. This is my answer to the Senator
from Oregon. I do not think that he has
adequately considered this question. He has
not <brcmght to it that knowledge, that judg-
ment which always commands my respect as
often as he addresses the Cljamber. He seems
to me to have spoken hastily. I hope that
on the present occasion he will withdraw or at
least relax his opposition and thinlc of the
subject hereafter, and range himself, as he
must, I know, with his large intelligence event-
ually, on the side of human knowledge.
Mr. CONNESS. In view of and in presence
of these two angels of light and of darkness,
I might reasonably be expected to be silent;
but although I am complimented by being in
such presence, I am not pleased with the dis-
position made of, and the location of, the
angel of darkness on. the Pacific coast, (I feel
a little interest in that region,) while the angel
of light is located, as my friend from Maryland
[Mr. C res well] suggests, at the "hub of the
universebut I was going to locate him at
Cape Cod. [Laughter.} The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that they are re-
spectively at the Orient and the Occident.
The thing is capable of infinite illustration as
presented. But, sir, to come to the facts on
this subject: if we follow out the principle sug-
gested by the honorable Senator who repre-
sents the excellent angel I do not know wtysre
we should stop. I should like to have the
country have all the advantages that are
promised it under this amendment and like
provisions ; but really in face of the taxes with
which the country is burdened, with which the
industries of the country are borne down, itdoes
appear to me to be not wise, nay, in the face
of our constituents and their needs, not in
good taste at this time to admit luxurious
articles free of duty. I join with the honorable
Senator, to some extent at least, in the enjoy-
ment of the articles that he proposed to admit
free of duty ; but I cannot vote for it under
present circumstances; and I hope the Sen-
ator will not travel so far in the regions of
light and knowledge that his friends who belong
to the same party shall not be able to keep
within reasonable reach of him.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is because
I hearken to the needs of my country that I
make the proposition I do.- I am not to be led
aside by the picture the Senator draws of other
necessities. Let us respect all the necessities
of the people ; but among the foremost neces-
sities are those of public instruction, and it is
of those I am an humble representative on this
floor. The Senator from California may if he
chooses treat that representation with levity;
he may announce himself an opponent of the
policy which I would try to establish for my
country; he may set himself against what I
insist is a fundamental principle of republican
institutions, that knowledge should not be taxed;
he may go forth and ask for a taxation on books
and on public libraries, and if he chooses let
him carry the principle still further and tax
the public school. Let him do that to be con-
sistent with himself. I hope that he will allow
me, so far as I can, to speak for what I believe
to be the true need of the country.
Mr. CONNESS. When we come to speak
of needs, there are needs of many kinds. We
have been treated to-day by the Senator to a
speech to whieh I have listened certainly with
great pleasure, as I always do to the eminent
Senator. He has called the proposition he has
put before the Senate "a fundamental princi-
Sle." Well, sir, there is a great deal in a name.
'ow, it appears to me that if he had.not break-
fosted this morning we should scarcely have
been treated to so good a Speech; and that
breakfast, although it^&ijies as a matter of
course, may also be regarded as a fundamental
principle. I think it is, and it is the basis of
the excellent speeches we have received from
the Senator. We tax nearly everything that
that fundamental principle was made up of;
and I presume the Senator pays his proportion
of that tax. "Because the graces of God come
commonly to us we should not therefore for-
get them, nor forget to enumerate them, nor
forget to take exact cognizance of them, nor
constantly be kept in the dazzle of the light
and splendor of those things that charm the
mind. There are other considerations, though
made common to us all by constant use, quite
deserving of our consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not choose, so fer
as I am concerned myself, to allow the state-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts to go
without a response! He likens his proposition
to the policy of supporting the common schools,
and intimates that we who oppose his amend-
ment should oppose the free-school system in
the country. Sir, there is no comparison. It
is not the same case at all. The common
schools are to give an education to all the
people, a system in which everybody has a ben-
efit. But take the other case by which he illus-
trated his argument. He as a learned gentle-
man desires ,-to purchase from Europe a rare
map, published before the year 1840, costing
fifty dollars, for the benefit, not of the common
masses of the people, but for the gratification
of his own individual cultivated taste. Now,
I want to know, when everybody is being
taxed, why he should be allowed to bring in a
foreign map for his personal use and gratifica-
tion, and not at all for the benefit or gratifica-
tion of the people, free of dutj', while the labor-
ing man pays a tax upon the coat in which he
labors, if he takes the school-books, I say to
him that the school-books are not brought from
abroad; they are from the American mind and
the American press. These rare productions
that he speaks of are not for the benefit of the
masses, but for the gratification of the few ;
and his proposition is simply to exempt from
taxation an intellectual luxury, thereby throw-
ing an undue proportion of the burdens of
Government upon the masses of the people.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to place books
printed prior to 1840 on the free list, by insert-
ing on page 99, between lines thirty and" thirty-
one of section eighteen, the words: "books
printed prior to 1840."
Mr. LANE. I shall vote against this amend-
ment as I voted against the amendment admit-
ting free of duty books and charts for public
libraries and college associations. I shall vote
against this for the same reason, and for a still
stronger reason, thatit may interfere materially
with the publishing houses of our own country.
The Senator from Massachusetts takes the
ground that all those who vote against this
exemption vote to lay a tax upon knowledge.
That is a mere ad captandum expression,
meaning nothing when it is analyzed. Every
cent of tax that we assess here upon any article
is precisely as much a tax upon knowledge as
is the tax upon books. You tax the farming
implements that the farmer uses; you tax
every article of necessity that he uses; you
thereby render his ability to educate his chil-
dren less, and in precisely that proportion these
are taxes upon knowledge. Every single tax
that you assess is a tax upon knowledge, inas-
much as it lessens the ability of the parent to
educate his child.
This is a tax upon knowledge, we are told,
because books and maps and charts will be
more expensive if the tax is levied than if they
are admitted free. That is doubtless true;
but every duty on any other article, the tax on
which lessens the ability of the parent to edu-
cate his child, is precisely as much a tax upon
knowledge as this.
The necessity for the tax grows out of the
national debt. We have to provide for it in
some way. The most just and equitable way-
is to exempt no class, to tax all; and we shaft
have to resort to that if the public credit is
maintained. For this reason I voted against
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
and I shall feel compelled to vote against this
amendment, not because I want to vote a tax
upon knowledge or a tax upon anything else-
if it be not necessary and if we cottld avoid it;
but when taxes are necessary to sustain the
Government I shall oppose every single class-
exemption ; and I warn the friends of the bill
that if they shall go on excluding from taxa-
tion this class and that class and the other,-
leaving the burden to fall upon the? people who
have no representatives specially "charged to
look after their interests, I shall vote against
the whole bill. I think the taxation should
be apportioned equitably and justly, and the
man or the association or the college or library
able to buy rare books and rare charts and
rare pictures is the very one who should pay
taxes in preference to all others, because any
tax that lessens the ability of the people for
general education is as much a tax upon knowl-
edge as this. I shall then stand by the bill;
as reported by the committee; but if this class-
exemption is carried out, and carried much
further, I shall be compelled, as a matter of
protection to those whom I represent, tha
honest, humble, hard-working people, who are
taxed to the very earth already, to vote against
the whole bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. It will be noticed that we
have already adopted an amendment allowing
associations for literary, scientific, and artistic
purposes to import free of duty foreign books
in good faith for their use. If they want rar®
books and valuable books they will under that
provision import them and place them in their
libraries. I am opposed to going further and
exempting individuals who are able and may
choose to import these old and valuaMe rare
books from all duty upon them. I agree with
what has been said by the Senator from Indian®
[Mr. Lane] upon that subject. The duty as
already laid is very low, only fifteen per cent.,
and I hope the Senate will adhere to the posi-
tion which the committee have taken on the
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Senator
is that because the duty as already laid is low,
therefore we had better adhere to it._ Now,
every argument for making the duty low is
equally strong against having any duty on the
subject. There is no reason that could have
influenced the committee in favor of reducing
the duty, which is not equally strong in favor
of removing the duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ex-
cuse me. We have to look to revenue. If you
raise the duty very high on rare books they are
not likely to be brought in, so that then we
should not get revenue. We thought that a
low duty might encourage importation and give
revenue; but if you made them free we should
get no revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, the Senator declares
that the object is revenue; but the revenue that
will come from that source is very small; it ia
not large enough to compensate for the mis-
chief that it will cause. That certainly is the
conclusion which I am obliged to adopt from
such opportunities as I have of investigating
the question.
But the Senator from Indiana [Mr. La.ni>;]
has reminded us that he is against class-legis-
lation, and he wishes to have all the interests
of the country taxed. Sir, I believe all the*
conclusions of the best experienced in taxa-
tion are that we should seek as much as possi-
ble to diminish the object of taxation. Jost
in proportion as nations become experienced
in imposing taxation do thoy limit the objects
to which the taxes are applied. It seems to me
we are strangely insensible to that warning of
history. We seem to bp groping about and
seizing hold of every little object, every fila-
ment, if I may so express myself, which wa
