96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps;.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Hise.
39th Gong....2d Sess.
Bat a higher consideration than this is that
these men so persecuted and destroyed were
our friends in the great battle for the life of
the nation. These Union men of the South,
white and black, are now hunted and destroyed
because they are .our friends. The Govern-
ment by means of this assistance emerged from
the contest victorious, but it now refuses, and
up to this time has refused, to extend its pow-
erful arm in protection of these humble allies.
At the close of our revolutionary war Great '
Britain sought out the loyalists of America
who had suffered for adhering to the mother
country. A commission was appointed, and 1
after careful hearing the sum of $15,000,000 j
was distributed among the losers. That sum ]
at that time would be at least equal to
$50,000,000 now. Shall thi3 Government '
triumphant be less liberal than Great Britain i
defeated? If we do not make up the losses i
already suffered, in God's name let us see to !
it that hereafter every Union man of the South j
of whatever color shall have the fruits of his i
labor and not be stripped of them whenever
a brutal employer may choose. i
This bill will do something toward so de-
sirable an object. Let it be passed as speedily
as possible.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH HISE,
of kentucky, '
Ix the House op Representatives,
February 7, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 1143) to provide for the more effectual govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. HISE said:
Mr. Speaker: If I had not been prepared,
by other measures hitherto adopted and others
hitherto introduced into this House, I should
not have been less startled at the introduction
of this than if I had received the sudden intel-
ligence that the ten States enumerated in this
bill had been sunk by some great convulsion
of nature and submerged under an oceanic del-
uge. I acknowledge, however, that I have been
to a_ considerable degree prepared to anticipate
the introduction of this or some similar meas-
ure in this House by the committee to which I
have been attached.
The chairman of the Committee on Recon-
struction, in laying the foundation for the au-
thority of this Congress to adopt this most
Extraordinary measure, has made a most ex-
traordinary assumption, namely, that the States
by their attempt to retire from the Union,
and the efforts of their people to cast off the
authority of the Constitution and laws of the
United States and to set up a separate and inde-
pendent government for themselves, thus giving
occasion for the prosecution of a war by which
they were finally subdued and their severance
from the Union thus prevented, are thereby to
be regarded as occupying the position of terri-
tories of a foreign country, conquered by us as
such, and subject therefore to the unlimited
authority of the Congress of the United States,
which has complete and plenary power to insti-
tute over them or their inhabitants such gov-
ernment, civil or military, as it may choose to
establish, regardless of the charter under which
the Congress of the United States derived its
own existence and authority, and regardless of
all the limitations "and restrictions upon the
exercise of power by Congress therein con-
tained.
Such, sir, is the ground upon which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
assumes to exercise this most extraordinary
authority. He likens it to a case of a war with
a foreign Power, where the conquered people
are dependent upon the mercy of their con-
querors even for their continued existence as a
people. He founds his assumption upon what
he call* the laws and usages of war a1* defined
by standard authorities upon international law
and as observed in the conflicts between civil-
ized nations, and by which authority is erro-
neously claimed to institute a military despot-
ism and impose it upon the people inhabiting
thatconquered territory, thus placingtheirlives,
liberty, and private estates at the disposal of
the commander of the forces detailed to main-
tain his authority.
I think I have stated briefly as I could the
position assumed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as the foundation of the authority of
Congress to pass this bill. On the other hand,
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
repudiating expressly the ground of authority
assumed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and maintaining that the late insurgent States
are still States of the lAion, and that they
never have been otherwise, claims that the
authority for the passage of this or any other
measure in regard to the people inhabiting
these ten States is to be derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States alone.
Now. sir, in making an argument upon a
great constitutional question like this, in such
an august assembly as this Congress of a great
confederate Government of thirty-eight States,
with the high reputation of those gentlemen,
they should be able to so put the statement of
the case, so connect the line of argument, that
there should be no mistake of fact, no misap-
plication of law, no sophism in their argu-
mentation. What they say should have all the
accuracy, the neatness, ancK completeness of a
piece of machinery adapted skillfully in all its
parts to the consummation of a perfect whole,
so that when it goes to the country it may
deserve the influence which they intended it
should exercise upon the minds of the people
in creating public opinion.
Now, sir, in the first place, I deny that a
State once in the Union can ever get out of it
except by force—never by law. And in con-
sidering this subject we must consider it in the
light of the law as applicable, not of forcer,
which would be applicable only in the event
that such force is finally successful. If the at-
tempt to sever their connection as States of the
Union and to set up an independent Govern-
ment for themselves did not prevail, then they
have not lawfully effected a separation. The
foroe, unless successful, does not alter the law
of the case.
The law,, then, of the case is undoubtedly
this : that this Congress has no existence as
a legislative body except by virtue of the
fundamental law which spoke it into exist-
ence. It has not one iota of authority beyond
the grants of power contained in the Consti-
tution of the United States, that power to be
carried out and executed by necessary and
proper means to effectuate the great ends and
objects for which the States confederated and
agreed with one another upon the adoption of
this constitutional charter. The functionaries
of this department of the Government were
spoken into existence alone by virtue of that
instrument. This statement cannot with truth
or reason be denied.
Now, when gentlemen assume the position
that a bill before a legislative body is constitu-
tional, they are bound, if it is questioned, to
produce the constitutional authority. They
are bound to refer to the article or clause
which sanctions by fair, logical argument, and
by just rules of interpretation, their assump-
tion ; because if the power is not found in
the Constitution it does not exist, and Con-
gress cannot assume it. He who takes the
position that a measure is unconstitutional of
course does not. in his judgment, find or admit
the existence of the power to pass it or to have
it executed ; if it is not found by him in his
examination of the instrument it does not
exist there; and when gentlemen are chal-
lenged to show the clause in the Constitution
upon which the authority is based they are
bound to produce it.
Now, I have given close attention to the dis-
cussion of this bill, and though gentlemen have
been repeatedly challenged to show their con-
stitutional authority I have heard no intelligible
response to the challenge. When asked where
they find the constitutional provision upon
which to base this bill, they have not answered
: it. Nowhere from beginning to end of that
instrument can they find any authority—in
none of the special grants of power contained
! in that instrument. Hence the gentleman from
| Pennsylvania has been represented as saying
that the Constitution is played out, that the
! States having made an unsuccessful and abor-
tive attempt at severance and independence
j the Congress of the United States is under no
constitutional obligation whatever in regard
to their government or treatment as States of
the Union. Thus he sets aside the Constitu-
| tion and claims that they are conquered ter-
| ritories, whose inhabitants are subject to the
will of the conqueror, according to the usages
of war as defined by writers on international
law.
! Now, sir, the answer to that is full and com-
plete by saying that you cannot speak in this
Hall. You have no right to utter a word here
except by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States. You have no authority to pass
a law except by virtue of that instrument. If,
then, the Constitution is to control, I deny the
authority of this' Government even in a war
with a foreign Power to conquer territory and
to take its inhabitants under it^arbitrary do-
minion. There is power and authority to make
war and peace, but I am thoroughly satisfied
from my reading of our political history, as
shown in the essays of three of the most learned
members of the Federal Convention, Hamil-
ton, Jay, and Madison, as well as by later
authors upon the subject, that it never was
intended that this Government should make
any other than defensive war. War for subju-
gation, war for extending dominion, has no
authority under our Constitution. Under the
war-making power of the Constitution aggressive
wars for the conquest of foreign countries and
to enslave their people were never intended to
he authorized—only war for the protection of
the independence of the States of the Confeder-
acy which had been achieved by a long and
bloody struggle with a foreign Government—to
maintain our rights as a nation on the land
and on the sea. The power to raise and sup-
port an Army and a Navy was intended only
as a means of defense. The right of conquest
does not exist under our Constitution, much
less the authority to impose upon a conquered
territory and its inhabitants a despotic gov-
ernment, such as does not and cannot exist
under the Constitution of the United States.
Now, if gentlemen are right in their theory
that these States are to be regarded as foreign
territories, made foreign by their acts of seces-
sion, and the war was waged as a war against
a foreign country and resulted successfully by
the subjugation of their forces in the field,
then the question comes up as to what author-
ity the Government or the Congress of the
United States has over the territory and the
inhabitants of the territory so conquered.
Now, I say that this Government has no right
to set up any authority at home or abroad, for
foreign or domestic purposes, not conferred
by the Constitution of the United States,
which was intended, so far as we are con-
cerned, to embody the laws of war and the
laws of nations as applicable to our character
of government, both State and Federal.
Now, when we had the war with Mexico we
conquered nearly the whole of that country.
We conquered the States of New Mexico, Cali-
fornia, Chihuahua. Tamaulipas, and Vera
Cruz, and took possession of the capital of
that republic. Yet so well convinced wa3
the then existing Administration, at the head
of which was Mr. Polk, that the Government
of the United States could not by violence and
