1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0T
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Hise.
Ho. of Reps.
forc&conquer and annex foreign territories and,
under the Constitution of the United States,
govern the people of those territories arbitrarily,
that they did not rely upon the right of title by
conquest at all. On the contrary, we obtained
by the treaty of peace with Mexico a cession of
a portion of her territory, for which we paid an
equivalent in money.
And when the subject of the admission of
California was considered before Congress, and
when the subject of imposing a territorial form
of government upon New Mexico was under
consideration in this House, in which there were
then as Representatives the most intelligent,
patriotic, and illustrious men that ever adorned
our own or any other age, it was admitted that
whether our title to the country was to be re-
garded as acquired by conquest , by subjugation
of the inhabitants, and the taking possession
of and holding the country by military power,
or by cession and treaty, we had no authority
to impose arbitrary and despotic government
over the people of that country; but the laws
and customs of the country as previously ex-
isting continued to exist in full force and vigor
for their government, except so far as they
might be in conflict with the Constitution of
the United States.
I therefore ask my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Bixghah,] for whose acumen, judgment, and
ability in making nice and accurate distinc-
tions in argumentation as well as in legal ap-
plication I have the highest respect—I ask him
now in the name of common sense he can
claim the authority and right to impose upon
the inhabitants of these States an arbitrary
military dominion contrary to the character of
the Government of the United States itself,
contrary to the representative principle, and
contrary to our constitutional theory, that the
military should ever be held to be subordinate
to the civil authority?
Mr. BINGHAM. In reply to the gentleman
I desire to make one remark which did not
occur to me when I was addressing the House.
He uses the words '' arbitrary military govern-
ment." I wish the gentleman to understand
that I do not recognize any such principle
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, nor is it recognized in this bill either.
This military authority and government is not
to be arbitrary, but it is to be exclusively sub-
ject to the law-making power; and one limita-
tion is incorporated in this bill, as the gentle-
man will observe, and it is borrowed from the
Constitution and is the rule of law for the gov-
ernment of every one of these military officers,
to wit, "that no cruel or unusual punishment
shall be inflicted." And if you can impose one
limitation by statute you may impose forty,
so that this military government is not arbi-
trary at all, but is subject to law.
Mr. HISE. I do not intend to inflict a
constitutional argument upon the House at
this late hour, for I have not time. But I take
the ground,"'and I do not think it can be suc-
cessfully controverted, that these States are
now States in the Union, subject to the Consti-
tution of the United States and the laws enacted
in conformity thereto, and consequently en-
titled to all the rights and powers that apper-
tain to the other members of the Union. I
assume this to be an obvious political truth, an
actual existing fact, that cannot be contradicted
with any show of reason or by constitutional
or legal sanction or with a due regard to his-
toric truth ; to deny it is revolting to common
sense and in opposition to the convictions, nay
the knowledge of all unprejudiced men, unless
resolved to persist in the grossest error both
of law and fact.
What an unwarrantable assertion it is to say
that they are not now States in the Union, that
they have got out of the Union, although they
failed in their effort to do so; although the
war was successfully prosecuted to maintain
the Union; although the war was waged with
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. t.
the express and solemn declaration on the part
of Congress that when it should terminate by
the suppression of the rebellion the States
would resume or rather continue their exist-
ence in the Union as States, with all their
equal rights and privileges as such, and with
all their institutions preserved intact equally
with all the other States.
Now, I will ask again, where is the authority
to disfranchise a State ; to expel a State from
the Union for the purpose of punishment ?
Why, sir, examine the debates in the consti-
tutional convention as reported in the Madison
papers, and you will find that it was contended
in so many words, without being contradicted
or questioned, that a State as a State could
not be punished. Hence in framing our Gov-
ernment it was so constituted as to provide
for a judicial and an'executive department, so
that the powers of the Government and its
laws could be executed and made to operate
directly upon the citizen. And this was done
in conformity to the acknowledged political
truth that a State as such was not susceptible
of trial, arraignment, conviction, or punish-
ment, and could commit no offense for which
their place in the Union could be changed or
their rights and immunities under the Consti-
tution annulled. The power conferred was to
adtait States in the Union: none was granted,
for any cause, to expel them from it.
What, then, but malignant* and hostile feel-
ings toward the people of those States can be
the ground for your determination to rivet this
most odious military despotism upon them? If
you entertain this feeling of resentment and
revenge let it be carried out legitimately. If
those men are guilty of a violation of the crimi-
nal laws of the United States upon the subject
of treason or conspiracy or rebellion, they are
amenable to punishment in a regular and legit-
imate way: they can be if guilty apprehended,
indicted, and tried for their offenses in the civil
courts of the United States of competent juris-
diction. That is the mode, and the only mode,
by which their crimes, if any have been com-
mitted, can be lawfully punished. A State as
a State cannot be guilty of a crime. Whatever
crime may have been committed, if any, in
fomenting a rebellion in those States, it is the
crime of A, B, C, or D, and they alone can be
tried, convicted and punished by the courts
according to law and in the manner prescribed
in the Constitution. This Congress lias no
judicial power except for impeachment of civil
officers. It has no power to assume by legisla-
tion that a State or its inhabitants have com-
mitted crimes, and then judge, convict, and
punish them by a deprivation of their rights of
representation, their right of suffrage, by their
disfranchisement, and by placing their prop-
erty, liberty, and lives under the arbitrary and
irresponsible control of a military tyrant, with
authority to plunder, imprison, and slay, at his
discretion, and provided with a military force
sufficient to support such authority. Congress
may pass laws defining crimes and fixing their
punishments, and when this is done its power
in this respect is exhausted. The courts alone
can try and punish the offenders.
All the States as corporate political bodies
are in the Union, and have been continuously
ever since the original thirteen ratified the con-
stitutional compact, and ever since the other
twenty-three became parties thereto by their
admission into this Union. Four ofthese States,
through their illustrious representatives in the
constitutional Convention, were among the
most influential in constructing our Govern-
ment. Nay, it may be said-, almost, that Mad-
ison was the framer of it. Others of those States
have been admitted to the Union under the
plenary power of Congress to admit new States.
Why admit States? Because essentially and
necessarily there could be no government ot
the Union under the Constitution except by
States and the representative* of States being
equal in one branch of a constitutional Con-
gress, and being represented also as States,
although without equal numbers in the lower
branch of Congress. I charge, then, upon
the party predominant in this House that set-
ting aside and subverting the Constitution of
the United States, they have denied to ten
States of this Union their equal representation
in the Senate and their proportionate repre-
sentation in this House, without any authority
under Heaven for so doing.
What is the warrant for this bill? When-
ever you ask for constitutional authority gen-
tlemen get up and clamor and rant about the
"loyal" men and the " freedmen "—the free
negroes of the southern States—being op-
pressed ; their property, their liberty and their
lives endangered by unlawful misrule. Gen-
tlemen do not appear to understand the fact
that in those States all the property-holders,
all the land-holders, all the traders and mer-
chants who had capital, including all the best
and most reputable citizens, the substantial
men disposed and interested to maintain good
government, to uphold law and order, and to
secure the enjoyment of regulated liberty, were
engaged in the movement for secession and
separate independence. They composed, I
venture to say, exclusive of the negroes, nine
tenths of the entire population of all those
States. Yet you assert a right to enslave all
those people—to make political bondsmen of
the men who have the capital of that section,
who do the business, who carry on the facto-
ries—the men who have a deep stake in the
country for the preservation of law and order.
These are to be placed under the dominion of
their own slaves, now turned loose among
them, and of the interlopers, the renegade
sutlers, jobbers and contractors and army fol-
lowers from the North, who return spreading
abroad unfounded reports of their having been
' 'Union men" iill the timeand havingbeenpro-
scribed and persecuted and driven off, not one
word of which, in my deliberate opinion, has
any foundation in truth. Since the war has
closed, since the armies of the rebellion have
been dispersed, the actual citizens of those
States to whom I have referred, who have a
stake in the well-being and prosperity of the
country, are the men to whom we should look
for the preservation of law and order and the
prevention of crime and misrule.
Yet because you suspect and believe if these
governments continue in the hands of those men,
disloyal men, rebels, traitors, as you continue
to call them, and they are allowed representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States, which
you cannot deny to them without violation of
the Constitution; because it is apprehended
that they will stop the progress of all your rev-
olutionary measures, all your unconstitutional
schemes of policy for monopolizing all the
power and patronage of the Government and
all the emoluments of office, you design to
destroy their States, disfranchise the citizens,
whatever may happen, subvert their State gov-
ernments and laws, and subject the inhabitants
to a military despotism.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question?
Mr. HISE. I have not the time.
Mr. PRICE. It is a plain question, and
quickly answered.
Mr. HISE. I must decline to yield the
floor.
Now, sir, what is the object of this measure
you have inaugurated? A despotic govern-
ment has existed over these people ever since
they surrendered. They surrendered under the
hope and expectation on tiie part of all their
intelligent, able, and prominent leaders, of all
their distinguished men who before the war had
occupied seats in the Congress of the United
States, that when the war terminated the Con-
stitution of the United States would be still in
force all over the whole country, and that they
