1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 3; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cragm, Creswell, Fogg, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe. Kirk-
wood, La.no, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Trum-
j T? ?n <!,? ' a ' Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—32.
NAYS Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, and Sauls-
bury—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris,
Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Riddle,
bpraguo, and Sumner—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio to the preamble.
Mr. NORTON. I renew my motion to strike
out the preamble.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment now pendin;; in reference to the
preamble. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio ; which is to strike
out the preamble of the bill and in lieu of it to
insert the following:
Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or propertynow exists in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
JLcxas, and Arkansas; and whereas it is necessary
that peace and good order should be enforced in
said states until ioyal and republican State govern-
ments can be legally established: Therefore.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is that open for dis-
cussion? [" Certainly."] Then I have but a
word to say, and that is that however much I
am opposed to this bill in its sections and to
the recitals contained in the preamble, and
however fully I may be convinced that the
enactment of this bill into a law will be disas-
trous to my country, there is one little consola-
tion left to me, and that is that I feel a full
assurance that u life's fitful fever" will soon be
over with the political party which has done
so much injury to this country for the past six
years. The passage of this act I regard as the
death-knell to the worst enemy of my country,
and that is the Republican party.
The amendment to the preamble was
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now move to amend
the bill, as amended, by adding to the fifth sec-
tion the following:
Provided, That the provisions of this act as to the
elective franchise shall not apply to citizens made
such by virtue of the act of April 9, 1868, entitled
" An act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights and furnish the means of their
vindication," until such persons so made citizens
shall have been five years such citizens.
Now, Mr. President, I present the inquiry
exactly, not to yourself, sir, but to all Sen-
tors and to the country, whether we are to
introduce by one act of law a body of men
known to be altogether ignorant and altogether
different from our own race into our society
and to be a part of our institutions, with privi-
leges over and above those of our own race
and kindred, educated, intelligent, and who
understand our institutions. I desire to know
whether a Fejee Islander who may be in my
State, or a Malayan who may now inhabit
there, shall take precedence of a man from
Europe; whether it is the determined policy
of this majority to force upon the intelligence
and virtue of the country those who are unfit
for citizenship, who are unequal for this high
office, and to attempt to give them equality
with me or with any other man educated
under our institutions, and who has learned
what liberty is and tried to learn the system of
our Government.
My amendment simply proposes that these
new recruits of the Republican party shall
have five years of discipline. Frederick of
Prussia would not let a fellow go into the
ranks of his cavalry till he had served five
years and jumped ditches and hedges. Now,
you propose to improvise citizenship of per-
sons whom every man in this Senate knows to
be as ignorant as a horse in the stable about
all things that belong to government, and you
propose to give them no time for education or
information. They have been made free. I
1467
am glad that they have been made free. Free-
dom is one thing, government another. I am
free; but I am free only subject to the law as
the law is established. I am not altogether
free, nor is any man; fori have to bow my knee
to the law and subject myself to it, and pay pen-
alties for its violation if I violate it. That a
body of men, known to me, known to every
man here, known more particularly to every
western man, to be altogether unfit for the
office of electing a magistrate in a town or a
village, altogether unfit even for the cere-
monies of social life, unfit for anything beyond
mere obedience to law and to the law of some
present particular superior should be obtruded
immediately into the office of government, is
strange. When we receive from Germany,
from England, from Ireland, from Scotland,
from the Frankland, and from all the lands
of Europe men of our own blood, who will
intermingle with us and make a great race, no
matter how highlythey may be crltivated, no
matter how well instructed, no matter how
learned they may be, we require them to go
through the discipline of a certain period of
years that they may be citizens of the United
States and entitled to the right of suffrage.
Now, Mr. President, there are a great
many things about this question, as it has been
presented, that are so singular that they seem
to me absurd, and I would rather send Sancho
Panza after the controversy than engage in it
myself. Nevertheless, as Sancho is not here,
and died I believe in Salamanca, I will have
to do something on his account. [Laughter.]
Sir, I say these words not as a jest of the fel-
low who rode the ass after Don Quixote del
Manche and told all the good things Don
Quixote was suppose-d to think, but I say it in
a more serious vein. I say that this thing of
degrading the right of suffrage is one of the
most serious things, and it is a pressing evil on
the country dangerous to the public health,
and it will culminate in time in great confusion.
Already the right of suffrage in this Republic
is beneath the standard of intelligence; already
the right of suffrage is beneath the standard
of true virtue. Virtue is said to bs the true
foundation, the true quality of a republic;
fear the quality of a despotism; and honor the
particular quality of a monarchy. A republic
cannot be maintained without virtue. This
virtue means first virtue in the entire people,
and then virtue in office. Honor may be rep-
resented by the idea of chivalrous character,
a man who submits to no wrong—
"But rights his wrong where'er 'tis given
Though it bo in the courts of Heaven."
as Rhoderiek Dhu said he would. Despotism,
as I said, is characterized by the quality of
fear. Sir, I fear not, I would do nothing from
a sense of fear.
A good many of these ideas are found in
those who have taught us wisdom and who.
taught our fathers wisdom. These ideas be-"
long to the business of the present age. They
have not so much to do with the present amend-
ment I propose as they will have to do with
the discussion I propose to make after the
amendment is disposed of. I undertake to say
now that the Hungarian, the Russian, the
Frenchman, the Irishman, the Englishman,
the Scotchman, the man from any land of Eu-
rope who comes to our country, is entitled to
equal rights with the negro, and that is all this
amendment involves, and I ask that it may be
adopted. I call for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Ilcndricks, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Norton, Patterson, and Saulsbury—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler. Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Fogg, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill. Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Sherman. Stewart, Trumbull, Van Wmkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30. _
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
iittle, Edmunds, Fessenden. Foster, Fowler, Guthrie,
Harris, Johnson, Nye, Riddle, Sprague, and Sum-
ner—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. NORTON. Now I move to strike out
the preamble of the bill as it stands, and upon
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken} resulted—yeas 9? nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dooiittle, Hend-
ricks, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, and
baulsbury-—9,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell,Chandler,
Conn ess, Cragin, Creswell, Fogg, Frelinghuysen,
(xnmes, Henderson. Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and
Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Foster, Fowler, Uuthrio, Harris, Johnson,
Nye, Riddle, Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle, ^Villey,
and Yates—16.
Mr. BUOICALEW. I desire to renew the
amendment I moved in committee to the fourth
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole has
been concurred in by the Senate. It is not in
order now to amend an amendment which has
been concurred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move an addition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his amendment; if it is an addition
to the amendment already adopted it is in
order, not otherwise.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My amendment is to
insert after "district," in line seven of section
four the words "and when it affects life, the
approval also of the President of the United
States."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is it in order now fo renew
that amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not strictly in order to move the
amendment this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Because it
is an amendment to an amendment which has
been adopted in Committee of the Whole and
concurred in in the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the amendment is
ruled out of order, I shall content myself with
reading what I proposed to do upon the recep-
tion of the amendment as a proper proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not strictly in order; but the Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor and
he can make any remarks.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By the fifth section of
the act of July 17, 1862 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the amendment will be in
order if the vote concurring in the amendment
made as in the Committee of the Whole be
reconsidered. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I presume there is no
general determination among members to re-
consider anything. [Laughter.] By the fifth
section of the act of July 17, 1862, it was pro-
vided that—
"No sentence of death or imprisonment in the
penitentiary shall be carried into execution until the
same shall have been approved by tho President."
Then by the twenty-first section of the act
of March 3, 1863, it was enacted—
"That so much of tho fifth section of tho act ap-
proved 17th July, 1862, entitled ' An act to amend an
net calling forth (4e militia to executo the laws of the
Union,' &o., as requires the approval of the Presi-
dent to carry into execution the sentence of a court-
martial, be and the same is heroby repealed, as far
as relates to carrying into execution the sentence of
any court-martial against any person convicted as a
spy or deserter, or of mutiny or murder; and here-
after sentences in punishment of these offenses may
be carried into execution upon the approval of tho
commanding general m the field."
Then by the act of July 2, 1806, section one,
it was provided:
"That tho provisions of the twenty-first section of
an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes, ap-
proved 3d March, 1863, shall apply as well to the
sentences of military commissions as to those ol courts-
martial, and hereafter the commanding general m
the field, or the commander of the department, as
the case may be, shall have power to parry into exe-
cution all sentences against guer[rjilia marauders
for robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with intent
to commit rape, and for violation of the^laws and
customs of war, as well as sentences against spies,
mufineors, deserters, and murderers."
