7Q4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lars instead of two. ;It.is perfectly well known
that all the great value of lumber is in. the
labor and in the transportation. The, logs and
stumps have merely a nominal value;. bat while
we in the United States are paying to our com-
mon laborers two dollars a day, in the British
Provinces they are to-day paying but from
seventy-five cents to one dollar a day ; and two
dollars a thousand feet is not an adequate pro-
tection to the lumber manufacture. I will
await the action of the Senate en this amend-
ment ; I had better leave my amendment for
another time; but I was going to say that if it
was in order 1 should move now to amend by
inserting J'three" instead of "two." That
motion I shall make at the proper time. Our
lumber dealers assure me that three dollarsis
^S.Iow a duty as ought to be affixed to lumber.
I,hope, therefore, that this motion will not pre-
vail, and give notice that I shall move an in-
crease.
Mr. HO WE. Mr. President, I wish to remind
the Senate simply of this fact: thatif protection
' is due as a matter of right frojn the Government
to any interest, any business, any enterprise in
the United States, it is probably due as much
to this business of lumbering as to any other.
It ought to be remembered that the Govern-
ment lias sold in certain portions of the coun-
try immense tracts of land valuable for no
purpose in the world except for the timber
there was on them. Now, the cost of turning
that timber into lumber is very much enhanced;
every article that is used by the lumbermen is
very heavily taxed: th<? price of labor is very
much increased; and still in most portions of
the country where this timber is it is quite
contiguous to large forests of the same kind of
timber in Canada, whieb is being manufactured
into lumber without experiencing these difficul-
ties. The effect, therefore, of leaving this par-
ticular industry without protection is to substi-
tute in the American markets the Canadian
forests for the forests you have just sold and
got the money and put it into the Treasury. I
do not think that is the right thing to do.
This duty is but a very inconsiderable one,
as has been said by the Senator from Michigan,
and when applied to the particular variety or
description of lumber which is included in the
motion of the Senator from Iowa it is quite in-
significant. His motion has reference to lum-
ber described as six inches in width and of an
inch in thickness, those kinds of lumber which
are used for fencing and flooring, among the
most valuable descriptions of lumber in the
market, selling higher than any other descrip-
tion, except that which is denominated cjear,
and much of this is clear. Though flooring is
often one and a quarter inches in thickness, it
would include all the varieties of lumber which
are used in sheathing, flooring, and fencing.
Mr. KIIIKWOOD. Sheathing is over six
inches wide.
Mr. HOWE. No; ordinarily not. Much
of it is wider, but sheathing—I mean for close
match work—should not be more than six
inches in width. While the duty is not at all
oppressive upon this variety of lumber, it is the
judgment of those engaged in the business that
it is bringing them in very severe competition
with manufacturers on the other side of the
line to reduce it to so low a figure as two dol-
lars. I certainly hope that the Senator from
Iowa will not insist upon the amendment, and
that the Senate will not agree to it.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill on
page 65, section nine, line six hundred and
nine, by striking out "sixteen" and inserting
" twenty-threeso as to make the clause
read:
On linseed or flaxseed, twenty-three cents per bushel
of fifty-two pounds weight.
As is well known to the Senate we have re-
ceived from Ohio and the adjoining States a
great many petitions on this subject, perhaps
as many as upon almost any other subject bear-
ing on this bill. It seems to be a universal
complaint among our agriculturists and oil
January 24,
manufacturers in the West that they are not
sufficiently protected under the provisions of
the present law. This is a great and growing
interest in the West, and enables them to di-
versify very much the system of their labor in
raising wheat and corn. It gives them another
valuable commodity, which, perhaps, under
proper protection, would be much more profit-
able than to be so entirely confined to the two
great staples of the West which I have named.
I suppose the object of the committee is, and
I know it is the wish of the Senate, wherever
they can do it without detriment to the public
interest, to protect all interests, and as near
alike as they can; but if any interest is pecu-
liarly meritorious, the agricultural interest of
the country ought certainly to receive as much
consideration in this respect as any other, be-
cause when we come to enact, a tariff that class
of our community, although the most numerous
and certainly as valuable as any other, have
but very few opportunities to be protected.
Now, this article comes in competition with the
same article imported from India, a country
where labor is exceedingly cheap. Our farmers
are compelled to contend with the miserably
paid labor of British India, from whence I be-'
lieve most of the importation of flaxseed comes,
and perhaps from some other places; and,
therefore, I hope that it will be the desire of
the Senate to endeavor to protect this kind of
growing labor in our own country.
Let me say here that in our endeavor to raise
revenue from customs on imported commodi-
ties I fear we are losing sight of another source
of revenue to the country, which, with a little
encouragement, will be infinitely more profit-
able. If you will foster these interests so that
labor will become profitable in our own conn-
try, and permit us, if you please, to monopolize
that profitable labor, instead of encouraging it
abroad, yon will build up interests arid wealth
here from which you can receive a much greater
meed of revenue than you can get simply from
importations.
1 know gentlemen have spoken in very glow-
ing terms of the prosperity which a country
receives from commerce alone, as though com-
merce was the principal thing to be sought
after. Why, sir, unless you encourage all
kinds of labor you can have nothing to ground
your commerce upon. What kind of a com-
merce would a people have that had no manu-
factures and but little agriculture? Could you
get rich upon commerce alone? I have heard
of two Yankees that got rich in prison by
swapping jack-knives, [laughter;] and it would
be just about as reasonable to suppose that as
to suppose you could build up a great interest
by commerce alone. Commerce is well enough,
and it is necessary to carry off the surplus pro-
duction of any country of great commodities.
If a superfluity of them is produced by the en-
couragement of laborin any country, commerce
is incident to it and takes place as a matter
of course. It comes after, but it never goes
before, and never can. Commerce itself is the
most barren of all labor in the world ; it never
produces anything; and although it is conven-
ient to have commerce, especially for the car-
rying of those commodities that are useful and
beneficial to a nation, but which because of
its climate and soil are not produced in its
boundaries, and although the intercourse of
nations upon those subjects is natural and
right, yet no nation ever should adopt a policy
that will encourage commerce to the detriment
of its own productions of the commodities of
commerce. Let commerce spring up from the
encouragement of commodities produced by the
labor of the citizen, and then it is legitimate;
then it is right; then I have no objection to
it; but when you thrust it in to the detriment
of our own industry and our own productions
you have begun at the wrong end. The wealth
of a nation must consist alone in the products
of her labor, and that nation that does the
most profitable labor will be the richest nation.
I am not going into an extended argument
on this subject; but I ask in this connection
that this particular product, which is perfectly
congenial to our soil and climate, which can
be produced here as well as in India, shall
receive adequate protection. Give us iui en-
couragement that will stimulate that labor,
and let it all be done here.; and as we grow
rich upon the products of that labor, tax it and
get three times more than you can get from
the importations from abroad. That is my
doctrine. That I believe is the true system of
of political economy. I know from the almost
universal complaint among the producers of
flaxseed that they do not, or they think they do
not, receive that meed of encouragement Which
the nation can afford to them without loss, and
in my judgment to great profit, even if you
look barely at the sources of revenue alone.
If we crush this commodity and make it into-
oil and grow rich upon it, tax that production
at home. That is legitimate; that is proper j
then you do not impoverish anybody. But
when you adopt a policy that makes the pro-
duction of it entirely dependent upon foreign
labor and importations from abroad you get a
small revenue, but you impoverish the nation
because you do not encourage that kind of
labor.
I do not wish to extend these remarks.
What my colleague said in the course of the
speech that he made on this subjeot yesterday
was perfectly conclusive to my mind that this
amendment ought to prevail; and I hope it
will for the encouragement of those engaged in
this production, not alone in the State of Ohio,
for they do not seem to be in any more need
of this protection there than they do in the ad-
joining States where this great and growing
article has become one of great importance,
and I think.should receive the encouragement
of Congress.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President, •
the subject that has been introduced by the
Senator from Ohio is one in which many per-
sons are interested. I had proposed, instead of
the amendment which has been offered by the
Senator from Ohio,to moveaa amendmentmak-
ing the tax on linseed twenty cents, instead of
sixteen, arrtl making the tax on the oil thirty-
five cents instead of twenty-three, on the sim-
ple principle that as the duty on the seed is
raised so that the crusher has to pay more for
it, the duty on the manufactured article, the
oil, should also be raised so that he may be
protected. Of all the linseed crushed in this
country I am informed by those who under-
stand the subject that nearly two thirds of it
comes from Calcutta and Bombay, and of
course this extensive business of crushing lin-
seed must be embarrassed and depressed if
the crushers have to pay a high duty on the
linseed. The crushers would be perfectly con-
tent, I suppose, if the duty had been left where
it was. The duty, I think, was ten cents a
bushel on the seed and twenty-three cents a
gallon on the oil, but then there was a draw-
back. Now, I notice that the Commissioner,
Mr. W'ells, in speaking o#this subject, says :
" On flaxseed, or linseed, and on linseod oil a large
advance is respectfully asked."
He then goes on and considers the subject,
and concludes with these remarks:
"It is his opinion, therefore, that the interests of
the revenue and of the country generally would be
best promoted by leaving the existing tariff rates on
flaxseed and linseed oil unchanged."
But this bill does not do that by any manner
of means. The crusher was protected under
the old bill, for when he exported the cake
made from the seed after the oil had been ex-
tracted he had a drawback which was equal
to five and a half cents per bushel. This bill
abolishes that drawback and makes the duty,
even if it stood at the same rate, so much higher.
Now I am informed that about two million
gallons of oil are imported into this country,
and aboutthesame quantity manufactured from
American seed. The drawback is gone by this
bill, and 1 suppose properly so. The western
grower objects that there shall be a drawback
on imported seed, for that is the law. The
drawback applies to raw material imported
into this country and manufactured and then
reshipped. Thay object to a drawback being
