98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February T,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Hise.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
would be entitled as free men to representa-
tion in the Legislature of the United States,
hopes and expectations founded upon the sol-
emn pledges of the American Congress, founded
iilso upon constitutional law; yet Congress in
bad faith, and contrary to express constitu-
tional injunction, interpose by a joint resolu-
tion a barrier to the admission of their repre-
sentatives into the Senate and House, and de-
clare in substance that they shall be excluded
at discretion until such barriers shall be re-
moved.
So from the very period of the termination
of hostilities up to this moment there has been
a despotic civil government over them. You
have extended the authority of your courts
over them. You have imposed upon them
your internal tax laws. You have imposed
your impost duties upon them, and all obstruc-
tion to the execution of the Constitution and
laws of the United States has been removed;
and while you' discriminate against them in
taxing their agricultural productions, and while
you are so legislating as to impose upon them
all the heaviest burdens of the Government,
and to deprive them of all its advantages and
blessings, yet you deny to them their constitu-
tional right of representation here and their
right of local self-government. Is not this the
very essence of despotic government, to rule
those ten States of the Onion and all their
inhabitants by a governing power wielded by a
legislative body made up exclusively of rep-
resentatives of other States, in which they have
no voice, over which they have no share of
influence, and which is irresponsible to the
people whom they oppress and enslave?
But, sir, do you tell me any respect for con-
stitutional law or the constitutional rights of
these States will ever restrain Congress from
tlie exercise of any legislative power, however
illegitimate, cruel, and oppressive, which will
enrich and aggrandize the represented at the
expense of the unrepresented States. See what
has been done already. Look at the discriminat-
ing tax of three cents per pound upon cotton.
Observe how all the patronage and revenues
of the Government are dispensed and ex-
pended for the exclusive benefit of the North,
with a studied discrimination against the
South and the southern people. Look at the
pitiful indication of sectional malignity against
the southern people upon this floor in striking
out an appropriation of $10,000 for .necessary
repairs of the marine hospital at Louisville,
Kentucky. Look at the immense patronage
given in the form of Government credits and
grants of public lands to northern companies
for the construction of railroads, while the
project of a railroad from the Mississippi to
the Pacific on the line of thirty-two, through
the State of Texas, by the way of El Paso to
the Pacific port of San Diego has not a single
acre of land nor a single dollar from the Gov-
ernment. No aid has been given on the part
of the Government to push that enterprise;
and yet that railroad project is over a country
through which the route is everywhere practi-
cable and its construction easy, at a cost much
less than that of the other projects so munifi-
cently patronized. It will pass through the
richest mineral region of the country, is near
one thousand miles shorter than any other
route, and has the advantage of a location in
a latitude where there is a perpetual spring and
never any obstruction from ice or snow.
Look at everything done by this Government
and you will find the design and end to be for
the aggrandizement of the North and the op-
pression of the South. It all shows that it will
inevitably follow, in the nature of things, that
the Government by the representatives of one
section over the people of another section will
always subject the latter to injustice, cruelty,
and oppression.
You have kept up a civil despotism in the
South up to this very moment, and now you
propose to substitute a military despotism in
place of it. There is no limitation upon the
power of these military satraps. Who they
are to be I now distinctly understand. They
are to be appointed by 
Mr. ALLISON. Appointed by the Presi-
dent.
Mr. HISE. Appointed by the President!
Indeed.
Now, sir, with all deference and respect to
the gentlemen who differ with me, it appears
to me that these measures, taken as a series,
strike at the executive and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, consolidating the
powers of the Government in the hands of one
of its branches, thus abrogating all the checks
and guards devised in order that neither of
them should absorb the powers assigned to
each by the Constitution. But by this bill it
is proposed to establish military governors
over ten States of this Union, who may rule
and control them without any regard to their
rights, any knowledge of their laws, or any
sympathy for their inhabitants.
Sir, it is a monstrous usurpation of power.
This law proposes to consolidate the powers
of the Government in the hands of the mili-
tary authorities, and to perpetuate the author-
ity exercised by the military during the wasr,
the exercise of which in time of peace has
been declared to be unconstitutional by the
Supreme Court of the United States.
You propose further by this bill to ignore the
executive department of the Government by
depriving the President of the power to execute
this law; for the military tyrants who are to
rule the five military districts embracing the
ten States are to be appointed by the General
of the Army.
The gentleman from Ohio says that the bill
requires that persons arrested by the order of
the military chief shall be, without unreason-
able delay, brought before military commissions
for trial. I presume 
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish the gentleman to
consider that there is nothing in the text of the
bill that justifies him in supposing that the lim-
itation refers to State laws; it is a limitation
applicable to all other authorities.
Mr. HISE. The bill provides for no limita-
tion to the authority and power of the com-
manders of these military districts ; but they
are invested with full, arbitrary, and irrespon-
sible power. They are not elected by the peo-
ple. They are not appointed, according to this
bill, by the President or the head of any execu-
tive department of the Government. They
will govern these people regardless of their
will; and they are responsible to no higher
authority and may imprison for life, confiscate
the estates, and take the lives of the inhabitants
through the instrumentality of the military tri-
bunals established by themselves. It cannot
be expected that such despotic government will
be voluntarily submitted to. The people of
these States will not endure this degrading
bondage under which they must depend for any
security of life, liberty, and property upon a
callous and rapacious despotism.
Mr. ALLISON. Would you be afraid to
trust General Grant?
Mr. HISE. I have had an opportunity of
knowing something of this military rule and of
the crimes and atrocities which make up its
bloody and relentless record of murders, rob-
beries, thefts, arson, and rapes, of arrests and
imprisonments committed and done among and
upon the inoffensive, unarmed, and peaceable
inhabitants of the border States adhering to
the Union, and where the people were peace-
able. I know that citizens were maltreated,
imprisoned, plundered, and put to death with-
out authority of law; and that assessments were
unlawfully made upon them, and large sums
of money collected and forced from them by
threatened and actual violence upon their per-
sons and property.
Such were the bitter fruits of the imposition
upon the people of military rule in many por-
tions of the country, within the limits of some
of the adhering States, and in every place in
the South where the troops were stationed,
and through which they made their desolating
marches ; and all this upon the pretext that
the people were disloyal.
Mr. GEINNELL. The pretext.
Mr. HISE.. Yes, sir, the pretext, and the
same pretext that has been employed always
as an excuse for deeds of blood and violence
the world over.
Now, sir, this bill does not expressly provide
that the negroes alone are to be protected, and
that those loyal fellows who come here to Con-
gress and ask to be placed in power over all
the property-holders and the virtuous and
intelligent men of these southern States, and
are to be permitted to oppress and rob them—
the negroes. No, because they have nothing
to be robbed of. Instead of that the negroes
of the. country have been taken by force from
their masters, contrary to the Constitution of
the United States. It is very true that the bill
does not say that they—the negroes—are to
be the exclusive objects of protection.
However, it might be said here with truth,
that this military government is to be provided
for the exclusive advantage of the enfranchised
slaves and the extremely loyal adherents of
the party in power here; and they and the
military governors, with the troops furnished
for the purpose, will be let loose by this bill
to prey upon the other inhabitants, who, under
the military government which this bill pro-'
vides for them, will be, by being oppressed
and plundered, by imprisonments and military
executions, driven from their homes or exter-
minated.
Whatever may be the design, such I believe
would be the terrible effects of this stupid, cruel,
unwise, and unconstitutional measure should it
pass and go into operation, regardless of the
Executive veto and the opinions of the Su-
preme Court. This bill, I grant, does not say
in express terms that the negroes and the poor
loyal white men of the country alone are to be
protected. But from the speeches which have
been made upon this floor it is perfectly mani-
fest that the men who have been engaged in
the civil or the military service of the confed-
erate government while it existed are to be
disfranchised and punished, while their slaves
and these loyal vagabonds and adventurers, who
followed the armies to the South, and who are
the authors of the false reports spread broad-
cast in the North of southern crime and cruelty,
are to be placed in power to govern the coun-
try. And when this is done, I suppose the
southern States will be placed in their consti-
tutional relations with the Government of the
United States, and be allowed representatives
in the two Houses of Congress, provided they
be black, or loyal if white, and are and remain
true adherents of the Radical leadfers and sup-
porters of their measures.
My friends, the gentleman from Ohio and
the gentleman from New Jersey) have differed
in regard to a very material and important
question. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Le Bloxd] entertains the opinion that the
President of the United States had no author-
ity after the termination of the war to appoint
provisional or military governors for the ten
southern States. But the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] entertains a different
opinion on that subject, and he quoted judicial
authority and opinion to sanction his view of
the question. Now, my opinion upon the law
of the case is simply this, that no State can
get out of the Union legally; that every at-
tempt of the civil authorities, by ordinances
or decrees of conventions or legislative enact-
ments, would not lawfully produce such result,
because all such acts, decrees, and ordinances
would be nothing more nor less than mere
