1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
So that these special exceptions cover all
the classes of cases mentioned in the last enact-
ment read—murder was included in t.he former
one'—and apply to cases before courts-martial,
and military commissions also, and expressly
confer powers upon the commander of a depart-
ment to execute these sentences without any
appeal whatever to the President of the United
States. Thus there is excepted from the super-
vising power of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States by the
Constitution the very class of cases to which I
alluded in my former remarks; and there is,
therefore manifestly upon the face of the
existing law good and sufficient reasons for
inserting the words which I proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The third section of the
bill provides that a military officer may punish
crimes. How? By a trial cither before a
civil or a military tribunal. Then the fourth
section provides that—
No sentence of any military commission or tribunal
hereby authorized, affecting the life or liberty of any
person, shall bo executed until it is approved by the
officer iu command of the district.
This does not change in the slightest degree
the law read by the Senator; but simply fur-
ther provides that, before any sentence affecting
the life or liberty of a citizen shall be executed,
it shall be approved by the commander of the
district. The President may by a simple order
direct that no military warrant involving tho
life of an individual shall be executed until
he shall have had an opportunity to pass upon
the case. He has'the undoubted power to
pardon a person convicted of a military offense,
and this does not propose to interfere with it;
it simply provides that the penalty shall not
be enforced until it is approved by a military
officer. That does not prevent the President
from exercising his pardoning power or pre-
venting the execution of the sentence until he
shall havo passed upon it.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Of course this provision
in the present bill does not affect the general
power of pardon possessed by the President
under the Constitution, but under tho existing
law for cases of murder, arson, rape, and a
number of other offenses recited there is an
exception of those cases from the supervision
of the President. That was intended for time
of war; but by this bill the action in those very
classes of crimes is expressly brought within
the approval of tho commander of the depart-
ment, besides those in the former law.
Mr. CONNESS. As 1 understand this pro-
vision, it is a mere prohibition on the exercise
of such power by any officer less than the com-
mander of tho district. It is a prohibition as
to that, and leaves the law just as it stands in
other respects.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir; and the law
as it stands authorizes a final approval and the
execution of a sentence by the commander of
a district. I have done my duty, however,
in bringing the matter to the attention of the
Senate. I have nothing further to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is an addition to
the amendment already adopted. I think it is
in order. It does not strike out anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a change
of an amendment already adopted and there-
fore is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will offer it as an
additional section:
That no sentence of death under tho provision
ol tins act shall be carried into effect without tho
approval of tho President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Two or three years ago
we established a Bureau of Military Justice 5
it was supposed that before that bureau were
to go all important eases of military trials. It
seems to me that this amendment is right; it
ought not to be questioned.
Mr. DOOLI11 LB called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall vote for this amend-
ment as I voted for it before. It seems to me
that, even admitting everything that is claimed
by the Senator from Ohio and by the Senator
from Oregon, it is not a very bad thing to" axlch
this amendment.
The question being taken by veas- and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bueka,lew, Davis",
Doolittle, Fogg, FrelinKhuysen, .Grimes, Henderson,
Hendricks, Kirkwood, McX>ouga.ll, Morgan, Morrill,
Nesmith, Norton, Patterson. Saulsbury, Van Winkle,
Willey and Yates-21.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Howard, Howe, Lane, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and
Wilson—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cowan, Cragin; I>ixon, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Poster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris,
Johnson, Nye, Ramsey, Riddle, Sprague. and Sum-
ner—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order not to derange
the sections of the bill, 1 prefer to have that
amendment put as a proviso at the end of the
fourth section, by general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to that suggestion? No objection
being made, the change will be made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I ob-
serve that gentlemen are disposed to laugh
when I rise at this hour to address the Senate
upon this question. Sir, I am in no humor for
jesting. On a question of this kind, as solemn
and grave as this, this is no time for jesting.
It is so grave and solemn a question that I
tremble when I look upon it and dare to
advance to its exact consideration. Looking
through the field of former years, aud looking
back through our own history, and looking at
our present condition, I cannot but both think
and feel that this is the gravest question which
has arisen in the civilized world, and it is now
presented for determination by this Senate.
There wore those who jested when Rome was
burning; I say nothing about the use of musical
instruments on that occasion. We are ap-
proaching a great crisis in the history and condi-
tion of this Republic, and those who do not see
and feel it must be exceedingly ignorant of the
time and the time's necessities and the time's
condition. I, not ordinarily uncourageous,
approach this subject trembling, ft is graver
than any subject that ever came within the
range of my life where I had an opportunity for
effort and where good or evil depended upon
the result.
This is a question that involves anarchy.
Whether anarchy exists now or not I will not
affirm ; but whether it exists or not I know
that the anarchs are abroad, and whether they
have the power to triumph and to achieve an-
archy and again make chaos is the question of
the hour. In the providence of Him who is
master of us all, it may be that out of the
influence of anarchy and out of the condition
of chaos order may finally be made; but if
anarchy triumphs now, order will not be
achieved out of anarchy in the day of any one
here, in my judgment. It is the office of men
gifted by God with intelligence, whose duty it
is to exercise their intelligence for the benefit
,of themselves and their kindred and mankind,
to inquire what is best. That inquiry has been
made from the ancient ages down to our pres-
ent time.
I think all who hear me thought in their
youth the fathers of this Republic had deter-
mined best how order could be produced out of
anarchy, or rather how order could be best
established so that anarchy could not be tri-
umphant. Anarchs are governed by no law
but their own particular will, and that is sup-
posed to be often an evil will. Those who
govern adverse to them throughout the uni-
verse are supposed to hold that the right is
right and should be maintained, and that is
the-idea on which our Republic was based by
those who constructed it. They inquired care-
fully into what was the right; they tried to lay
the foundations deep; they tried to make themr
strong ; they tried to build up walls; they tried
to establish the edifice so that it might last for-
ever. Five years ago there was nobody here
who differed in that opinion from myself; but
some strange force of demoralization has gone
abroad and has entered into the council cham-
bers of States-and has entered into the council
Chambers of the nation, demoralizing, deprav-
ing, and toy force of'untriitliftil reason inducing
men to think that the wrong was the better
reason, and to lend themselves to the forces
of anarchy, the forces of evil opinions, the
forces of disturbing causes against those forces
that seek harmony, that seek unity, that seek
truth;
We in onr agitations necessarily come in
conflict with each other. Man comes in con-
flict with man; States with States; and out of
these conflicts it is expected that accord will
result, and it does generally result. But there
is a disposition exhibited here to-day that con-
cord shall not be achieved, or at least that it
shall be long delayed. There is no reason why
we should not behold all the States of this Re-
public united aud in accord. Nothing but
sectional feeling, nothing but party interests,
nothing but political ambitions interfere with
the accomplishment of a result desired by ,all
persons who love their country more than they
love themselves. The idea that a large portion
of the nation comprising the great North
American Republic should be not of us, not
with us, should he excluded from among us by
arbitrary power, when they affirm all that
is asked ; that they should be denied a place
at our table or a' place in our councils, is some-
thing that we would not deny to the savage bar-
barians of our frontiers, and that was never
denied by any State. It is not a subject much
to be reasoned about. If men's hearts and
men's instincts and men's prompt judgments,
accompanying their instincts, do not see what
is right about these things, then God giving the
dispensations has got to give us a new revela-
tion.
We, having vanquished a rebellion of our
own people, and they having submitted them-
selves to our power, it is- proposed to make
them go beneath the yoke and humiliate them-
selves below the dignity of men. Sir, no Roman
citizen would go beneath the yoke ; he would
suffer death first. It will be found, probably,
in the experience of this country, that there
will be the same hostility to going beneath the
yoke. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] said last evening I think, " We will
make them do it." Sir, there is no such thing
as " make." You cannot conquer an indom-
itable will. That these men were wrong they
have admitted; that they were deceived they
acknowledge; that they would be at home
again with us they ask as a request; but it is
denied. Why denied ? That power may cul-
minate in certain quarters so as to be capable
of exerting forces sufficient to control this
confederacy, united or disunited. Sir, there
is no such devil, no such Beelzebub, or Apoll-
yon in all the angels of hell, as this thing of
political ambition ; and, in my judgment, it is
the ambition of power in a section of the
country that induces a majority of Congress to
deny to States which I recognize and hold to
be States in the Union any right except the
right to be taxed and the right to suffer and be
punished ; denying all the superior rights of
liberty that belong to free men.
Those who think that they are to-day pos-
sessed with power and that now the skies are
pleasant and the showers falling just so as to
make the meadows grow green and the grass
grow high, may in their jocund and pleasant
days think that this will last forever; but all
things move in circles, and I say now that those
who think they possess the power to enjoy for
their particular purposes the functions of this
Republic will find themselves vastly askant in
a few years from this. They will go off tan-
getically, and they will only come back comet-
like after centuries. It is a foolish notion that
many entertain that politicians govern this
country. They may for a day; they may while
the sun shines upon them ; but there is a peo-
ple in this country who not merely read, but
converse and think; and in and about that
business they have been engaged for some time
past; and it is my inclination that they will
think that the powers of this Government in-
trusted in the two Houses of Congress have
been vastly abused, and that instead of judg-
ment' governing conduct, interest S0tnotimo. 
