1887.
THE COTOKSSSIOKAL GLOBE.
on imported seed while the home-crushed seed
has no sueh drawback; and I understand that
there has been an arrangement made between
the western and eastern men, so that about
such an amendment as that which I suggest
"would be agreeable to each party.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty and thirty-five?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Twenty and
thirty-fire—twenty cents on linseed, and thirty-
five eents -on the oil. Of course the American
-crusher does not want so high a duty on the raw
material, because he has to get it from abroad;
but he does not care so much how high the duty
®n the raw material is provided there is a cor-
responding duty upon the oil, so that when he
is obliged to pay the duty on the foreign seed
he shall not be ruined by having the foreign oil
come into the country. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio the acceptance of that.proposi-
tion: twenty cents a bushel on the seed and
thirty-five cents a gallon on the oil.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am a little at a loss
to understand' the position taken by the hon-
orable Senator frijm Ohio [Mr. Wade] when
compared with that taken by his colleague. His
colleague [Mr. Sherman] informed us, and he
dwelt upon it with a great deal of force, that
it was absolutely necessary to raise revenue for
the Government, that we should have in a very
short time one hundred and forty millions of
money to pay in coin annually, beside coin
foi; -other purposes, which would bring up the
amount to about one hundred and fifty millions,
and hence he argued the absolute necessity of
imposing duties for revenue; and he argued
also the propriety of cutting down the internal
revenue charged upon manufactures and various
other things in this country. The honorable
Senator on my right [Mr. wade] argues pre-
cisely the other way. He says, cut off the rev-
enue; exclude importations; build up a Chinese
wall; put your duties so high that foreign arti-
cles cannot be imported at all; and then you
encourage this great interest, and by and by,
when it gets big enough, tax it; "put on an
internal revenue tax. It seems that the two
gentlemen from Ohio who argue this matter do
not agree in their general views. With regard
to linseed both Senators agree. I' believe the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] after giv-
ing us the results of his deliberation on the gen-
eral question, did make an exception in the case
of linseed. "You cannot apply the same rules
to linseed that you do to everything else." he
says. I do not know that my honorable friend
from Ohio would go any further than that.
My other friend [Mr. Wade] also treated us
to a dissertation on commerce. There he disa-
greed with anothfer eminent Senator, a repre-
sentative from the West. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] seemed to think that commerce
was of some importance to this country. I
believe other nations, if 1 recolleet aright, have
been pretty much of the same opinion ; that if
a country would be great it must build up, its
commerce as well as its agriculture and its
manufactures. I think we have heard that
Holland made itself for a time the richest coun-
try on the face of the earth with nothing but
commerce, having the carrying trade of all the
world pretty much. I think we all understand,
too, that no nation encourages its commercial
advantages or nurses them to a greater extent
than England at the present time. It has now
become the carrier of pretty much the whole
world. We were so a little while ago, of a
large portion of it at any rate, but we have
dwindled down very much, and are dwindling
more and more every day. _ _ •
Now, sir, as I stated yesterday, in framing
this bill) whioh. is for the encouragement of
manufactures and for the encouragement of
agriculture also, we did take into considera-
tion—perhaps we were wrong in that on my
friend's principle—that it was of some im-
portance to our character as a nation and our
wealth that we should retain something of our
foreign commerce; that where it existed it was
of consequence and tended to strengthen the
arms and encourage the hearts of the people
of this country; and I must say, notwithstanjl-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 45,.
ing the case of Austria which has been cited,
•that I think no nation can be really great with-
out encouraging all the arms of national pros-
perity and of national .defense.
I think {hat is a sufficient answer, so far as
I am concerned at any rate,"to the argument
of my friend against commerce. He seems to
think it amounts to nothing; that we should
encourage agriculture, and commerce will grow
up of itself, and if it does not, it is not of any
very great consequence. I differ with him
entirely in his views on these subjects; and
while I would not encourage one largely at
the expense of the other, I really believe it is
advantageous to hold on to all.
Now, sir, a word with reference to this ques-
tion of linseed. My friend does not propose
to raise the duty upon the oil, but to put the
duty upon the seed, the original article, at the
same rate with the duty on the manufacture,
both at twenty-three cents, because it stands
on the oil at twenty-three now. Senators may
just as well understand that in the first place
we want some revenue. The House, I believe,
put the duties up to twepty-three aStt thirty
cents, if I recollect aright.
Mr. WADE and Mr. SHERMAN. Both
the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the rates
were twenty-three and thirty cents, and I think
now I am right.
Mr. WADE. I want them both on the same
footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Senator
does, and he wants them on the same footing
for this simple, selfish reason: that the trade
of crushing seed and manufacturing oil on the
sca-coast maybe utterly destroyed for the ben-
efit of the crushers of seed and the manufac-
turers of oil in the West. That is the simple
truth about it ; and there is no possibility of
getting rid of it, in my view.
Mr. WADE. Your view is a very charita-
ble one!
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the fact. They
claim to have the only thing in this tariff—the
Senator cannot point to another one—in which
an article out of which a product is made is
taxed precisely at the same rate with the arti-
cle manufactured from it, which is contrary to
all the principles of the tariff as carried out in
every other article, contrary to every other
provision in it from the beginning to the end.
Linseed is the only one where this is demanded.
Why? For what other reason?
Now, let us look at the protection which
the West gets so far as linseed is concerned.
Take it at sixteen cents. We did have a draw-
back upon the foreign seed, or I should rather
say on the product of the foreign seed. The
gentlemen of the West objected to that,, not on
revenue grounds, not upon any ground except
this: "You can export your cake that is made
from linseed, what is called the oil-cake, and
get a drawback amounting to about five cents
or four and a half cents ; while ours, being a
native production, cannot be exported, and we
cannot get the drawback j therefore it does
not cost you so much as it costs us." Very
well; we have yielded to that and struck off
the drawback. Now what more do they get?
They get ten cents upon every bushel of .seed,
or upotj every gallon of oil. It costs that to
carry, if they should attempt to carry, a bushel
of seed from the sea-board to the West—to
Cincinnati. They get their ten cents protec-
tion there. But the crushers of the West say,
"It is a native production: we can raise the
seed: you are bringing in seed from abroad,
and we want to put it precisely upon the
ground that you cannot manufacture except
at such a disadvantage as will enable us to
afford to send the oil we make down to the'
sea-board, and thus tax you with the additional'
sum that it costs to carry itbecause that is
the result of it inevitably.
Now, let us look and see how it stands.
There are some other people interested in this
question. My friend from New Jersey says
thatj-hese two interests have come together
and agreed upon twenty and thirty-five cents.
In my judgment that is a little too broad a dis 
tinction; it Should be twenty and thirty if any*-
thing. I do not know that I should object to
that except that there was another party inter-
ested, which gentlemen seem to forget, as the
wool-growers and wool-manufacturers forgot
that there was a certain other party-that was
not represented in their convention larger than
theirs, but which does not keep its agents al-
ways in the field, and that was the consumer.
So hers, what is this oil used for? It is used
for paints aH* over the country wherever any
paint is used, for .every man's house, inside
and outside, for all purposes, for everybody.
It strikes me that that being the case, it is wei
to consider that the consumer has some inter-
est in this question as well as the crusher, -or
as well as the man who grows the seed. That
the honorable Senator from New Jersey did
not take iato consideration. I do notthittk,
however, that the rates suggested by him are
very unreasonable, except that they add just
so much to the amount of expenditure which
every man must be at who has occasion to use
the article.
Then, sir, would it be reasonable for the
West to claim, as they do, that they have a right
to have duties imposed that shall give them
the power to furnish this article exclusively-by
bringing up the oil and the seed and putting
them upon the same level, and thus giving an
advantage to those who have the seed at their
own door by putting the duties so high on the
seed that they may be able to send the prod-
uct of their industry down upon the sea-board
and charge every man there with the addi-
tional ex-f^ense of the transportation ? because
that is the amount of it. My answer to all
that is, that each section of the country is
thoroughly and perfectly protected against the
other as the law stands. The western crusher
sends his cake abroad. We have taken off the
distinction there. He sends it now at just aa
much advantage as the man of the East does;
but neither party ought to be charged for the
benefit of the other with the expense of the
transportation of the seed from one section to
the other. What is grown in the West can be
used in the West, and there has not come a
time yet when it could more than meet the
great and growing demand for it there. It is
not sent probably to any extent to the East.
What is manufactured in the East is not sent
to the West, and does not interfere with their
sale there in any particular.
Why, then, should this discrimination be
Knade against the large amount of capital that
■is already invested in the manufacture at the
East, merely for the benefit of pushing the
growth |o a greater extent in the West? It
looksl'b me like a selfish demand. Both are
prospering! There is the answer to the whole.
There is no complaint. There was no com-
plaint befcre our committee. There was no
pretense before our committee that the busi-
ness of growing seed was suffering in the West,
or that the business of making oil was suffering
in the West. Oil commands very high prices
both East and West. This last year there has
been a large importation, because they were
caught with not enough to beN able to supply
fee' country; but as ^general rule we have had
no complaint. Why, sir, I asked the question
of a crusher—the only one who appeared be-
fore our committee—whether there was not a
rapid and sufficient sale for all the seed raised
in the West, and he admitted that there was.
This proposition does not come from the grower
of the West, from the farmer, except as he is
induced to sign these petitions for the benefit
of the crusher. It comes from the crusher who
wishes to monopolize the business. That is the
true statement of the fact with reference to it.
AH admit—there is not a pretense to the
contrary, because I questioned the gentleman
who appeared there before the committee on the
subject—that the business is flourishing at the
West, both of growing seed and of manufactur-
ing oil at the present day. He would like to
have more protection; and so would they all.
It proves what I said yesterday, and is one
