1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
pecuniary, more frequently political interest,
has frequently been the master, and that the
millions, the people of the Republic have not
been regarded at all.
I care not, Mr. President, particularly to
pursue these remarks. I would if time were
convenient pursue them at some length. I
rather choose to characterize the present meas-
ure now than to speak at length of my particu-
lar views with regard to it. A more atrocious
measure never was submitted to any convened
body in a civilized state. The measure need
not be characterized in detail, although I could
discuss it in detail, for it is all of the same
quality, black as night, and hideous as it is
black. That in our free Government, where
all the gentlemen who surround, me have been
raised, where they received their early lessons
of freedom, lessons of regard for free institu-
tions, they could for a moment attempt to make
pro-consuls here as emperors were made in
Rome, to divide a large portion of our country
and give them absolute jurisdiction and deprive
the inhabitants of their freedom and undertake
to govern them as consulates, with a power on
the part of the Governor, or the general com-
manding, if you please, changing the term, to
do as he may please with regard to all matters
even as to matters of justice; because it is only
by the permission of the general commanding
that a judge can render a sentence or pronounce
a judgment; that such things can be excites
my special wonder. It so excites my wonder
that I cannot think of it in the form of argu-
mentation, for it is so great an outrage that
reason furnishes no premises for discussing it.
That men bred in this Republic, taught the
principles and foundation rules of our institu-
tions, should undertake to make a military
despotism over ten States of this Republic, I
know of no words that can reach up to the con-
ception of my feeling of high indignation at
the thought, conceived by whom it may have
been originated by whom it may have been;
for who will undertake to carry into exe-
cution here, who has been educated under
republican institutions in our republican Gov-
ernment, under our laws, and who have by
their intelligence or supposed intelligence at
least arrived at the dignity of Senators of the
Republic, military rule superseding the courts
of j\istic© ?
I believe it is only proposed to create five
tyrants now. Like all recent tyrants they will
probably all be killed. My impression is that
no tyrant can live, and these would only be
tyrants. tThey might, if they were good tyrants,
as one was ; and 1 do not know but one or two
good tyrants that ever did live, and one was
chosen I believe by the oracle of Delphis,
Miltiadcs. .
Mr. HOWARD. And Cmcmnatus.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, he was not a tyrant.
Cincinnatus was called upon by the Roman
people; and as the idea is suggested by the
Senator, if such a time should come to us as
did to Rome, it might be necessary for us to
do the same thing. The enemy were thunder-
ing at the gates ot the capital and threatened
Rome itself, and n t relying upon the Senate
alone, who were trembling m their places, they
had to call upon a great man; they had to call
Cincinnatus from his plow, and he came as a
dictator for the day to lead its armies into bat-
tle and achieve a victory, and then he did as
did Washington: he laid down the baton ot
command and resigned power again to the Gov-
ernment. So with all the old dictators in the
Roman period. If the time should come when
we shouldbe threatened at our capital, ltrmght
be necessary for us to do the same thing, inat
time has not yet come.# It lias never been.
Some of my friends have been alarmed at the
thundering across the other side of the Po-
tomac, and hundreds left here over the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad. They never did really
thunder about here at all. It is all a mistake,
and we never had any occasion for those alarms,
and the instruments on the top ot the Capitol.
We are free from all such dangers. Is o enemy
of ours, no Sabines from the hills about Rome
or the valleys there, will come as they came
to Rome, and attack us. When they do, we
will talk then about Cincinnatus and his plow.
Mr. President, I shall feel, if this bill be
passed, that we have passed the period of
belief, of faith in our institutions. I have
lived with great faith ; I have great faith now;
but my faith will be terribly shattered if we
undertake to establish a military despotism
throughout the whole southern part of our
Republic. I shall feel that we have forgotten
all the lessons that belong to the past. I shall
feel that there are some evil, anarchic spirits
now seeking and securing rule who do not aim
at the security or the unity of the Republic,
but seek anarchy and confusion for ultimate
results, the exact ultimates of which I cannot
now understand. I have endeavored to com-
prehend them. They have been beyond my
comprehension; but I can conceive of their
being nothing less than this, at least: that out
of this confusion, this trampling down of others,
they may arise themselves. It may be well
for some men to think that these things can be
done; it may make them happy for a day ; they
may enjoy the prospect of triumph for a day;
but that will not be a long day. It must neces-
sarily be a brief one, for the truth must tri-
umph, and I cannot myself but feel that those
who seek this trampling down, crowding down,
compelling and conquering, _ as they say, an
already conquered and vanquished people, are
men whose hearts have no touch of the milk
of human kindness and whom God hath not
blessed.
Mr. President, I do not dare to pursue this
thing into lengthy discussion, although were it
not for the hour and the occasion I would dis-
cuss it at particular length. In all this there is
great wrong, and for all this the vengeance that
is asserted—and they say that vengeance be-
longs to God alone; it is His—but then there
is a vengeance that will return upon the authors
of this measure, though it may be long con-
cealed within the skies; for no wrong, no
cruelty, no injury to others, but leaves its scar
upon the body of him who commits it; and
when you go down to Hades, all of you, you
have got to unclothe yourselves, and for every
piece of iniquity you have committed, every
piece of wrong you have committed, there is a
a scar upon your body; and when you pass
through all your sears will be examined, and I
say that those who promote this measure will
be so full of scars that they will never be admit-
ted into the company of the heroes and sages.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the vote betaken
by yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. My colleague [Mr. Fbs-
sexden] is detained from the Senate by illness,
and he desired me to say that if he were here
he would vote for the bill with or without the
amendment, but that he had paired off with
Mr. Johnson, who would vote against the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ^9, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Fogg, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Howard, Howe, Rirkwood, Lane,Morgan,
Morrill, Poland. Pomerqv. Ramsey, Ross bherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Wmkle, Wade, YVlilcy, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—29. . n
NAYS—Messrs.Buekalew, Cowan,Davis.Doohttle,
Ilendrioks, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson,
^ABSENT—Wssrs. Dixon, Edmunds, Fessendon,
Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris,'Henderson, John-
son, Nye, Riddle, Sprague, and Sumner-H.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the title
of the bill by striking out the word " insurrec-
tionary" andinserting "rebel;" soastoread:
" A bill to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States."
Mr. McDOUGALL. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr SAULSBURY. I simply wish to say
that I cannot vote on this question. I do not
believe that these States are either xebel States
or insurrectionary States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 27, nays 4:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Creswell, Erelinghnysen, Grimes, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates'—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bnekalew, Doolittle, Hendricks,
and MeDougall—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Fowler,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye. Riddle, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Sum-
ner—21.
So the title was amended.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at twenty-two minutes past six o'clock, Sun-
day morning, February 17,) adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, February 22,1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, the reading of
the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. O'NEILL. I offered a resolution yes-
terday, which was referred to the Committee
on Printing under the rule, asking for the
printing of two thousand extra copies of the
tariff bill as amended by the Committee of
Wavs and Means. We are daily in receipt of
many letters from our constituents who take a
great deal of interest in that bill. I would in-
quire whether it is in order to move to suspend
the rule by which that resolution was sent to
the Committee on Printing, so that it may be
acted upon at once?
The SPEAKER. It is not a rule of the
House, but a law of Congress, which no order
of the House, even by unanimous consent, can
set aside.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the
Senate amendments to the bill of the House
No. 896, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes. The commit-
tee recommend concurrence in some of the
amendments and non-concurrence in others.
I ask that they may be considered now.
No objection was made.
First amendment of the Senate:
On page 3. line five, strike out the words "for Con-
gressional Globe," and insert in hou thereof the
words "for reports of debates and proceedings of
the Senate in book form."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate. .
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 3, strike out all after " proceedings in line
seven, to and including " Congress m line eight, and
insort "of the Senate daily.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 3, line^eleven, strike out "for the Con-
gressional Globe."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
On page 3, strike oat all after "Senate" in line
twelve to the word " eight" m line thirteen.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment: .
(hi rr'ice 6 strike out all after "dollars in line
paid by the Senate.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
