100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Fa/msworth. 39th Cong.... 2d Sess.
vice in a regiment of Illinois cavalry, and rendered
distinguished services in East Tennessee as a scout,
when he was again wounded. The close of the war
found hiin in scrvice with his regiment in Arkansas,
near Pine Bluff, where he married the daughter of a
Union man from Tennessee.
. " Moving from thenee to theUpper Red river coun-
try, he engaged in planting in partnership with some
citizens of Sevier county, Arkansas, where, in conse-
qucnce of the great influence which he exercised over
the freedmen,lie was permitted for sometimeto'labor
unmolested. His untiring energy produced him a
very considerable crop of cotton, although once over-
flowed by the freshet of the river, when most other
planters failed to secure any crop whatever. About
the time his cotton had begun to mature his fancied
security was soon withdrawn and a Series of persecu-
tions substituted. His life was threatened on every
side, and attempted on several occasions, during one
of which he was again wounded. About two months
since, finding his situation so precarious, without the
protection either of oivil or military authority, the
life of himself, family, and freedmen* as well as his
property, in constant peril, he came to this city for
the purpose of securing the assistance of the military
in getting his family and property out of that coun-
try, as he could not have done so otherwise. He was
granted an escort of twenty men by General Sheri-
dan. all that could be spared at the time.
" Upon his return home with the detachment men-
tioned, under command of Brevet Major Granger,
he found his house vacant, his young wife and infant
driven to take refuge among thefreedmen someiniles
into the interior of Arkansas, and a young man in his
employ, named Davidson, who had also served in the
Union army, compelled to fly to the woods to escape
being murdered. His horses and cotton were seized
by his partner in the planting business, and the for-
mer taken away into the interior of the country. The
force sent for his protection proved wholly inade-
quate, and were in great danger of being massacred
by the infuriated reconstructed Johnsonians, who
assembled in numbers upward of three hundred
strong, fully armed, at Boston, Bowie county, Texas,
Linden, Texas, and Richmond, Arkansas, the three
towns adjacent to where he, Temple, had lived. It
was found necessary for the officer commanding the
detachment to avoid Boston and Richmond, but being
compelled te pass through Linden, in hopes of secur-
ing the interference of the United States troops and
thus bring on a conflict, a gang of freedmen, shackled
and chained, were paraded and marched through the
streets in the presence of Captain Granger and his
troops. All means of transportation, either for Cap-
tain Temple and family or the troops, was denied,
and the sale of subsistence refused, and the party
was compelled to travel upward of one hundred
miles, most of the way on foot. The wife of Captain
Temple rode the distance in an ox-cart, exposed
during the time to the inclemency of the weather,
and forseveral nights without shelter, until the party
arrived at Jefferson.
" The conclusion of this barbarous treatment has
been that Captain Temple, wife, and child arrived
in this city on Monday evening in a destitute condi-
tion and prostrated from hardships and exposures.
Mrs. Temple was with great difficulty carried from
the state-room on the steamer Alabama to the rooms
of Major Carroll, where she remained in a sinking
condition until Thursday night, when she expired.
Captain Temple is now lying in a prostrated condition
in the room with the dead body of his young wife,
and it is considered if he recovers at all it can only
be for a brief period."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understood the
gentleman to say to the House that this meas-
ure reported from the joint Committee on Re-
construction was in accordance with the wishes
and views of all the distinguished commanders
of our Army. Now, if that is a fact, it is one
that this House and the country are entitled to
know, on account of the singularly good oppor-
tunities possessed by those commanders of as-
certaining the character and condition of those
communities. If the gerftleman makes that
statement advisedly I would be glad to know
the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did make that
statement advisedly. I have mentioned the
names of Sehofield, of Thomas, of Baird, of
Wood, of Sickles, all of whom have testified
before a select committee of this House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And Sheridan?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The testimony of
General Sheridan has not yet been taken. All
those whom I have named have testified with
one accord that there is no other method of
protecting loyal men, white or black, in those
rebellious and disorganized States than by
clothing the military with the necessary powers.
I said of the General of tho Army that I be-
lieved this bill was in accordance with his
views. I cannot speak authoritatively or "by
the card" so far as he is concerned.
It is for the reason that we desired to bring
these facts before the House that my ,colleague
on the committee [Mr. Pike] and myself have
occupied the time of the House. My purpose
is to nail to the counter this denial of the
rebels and their sympathizers that these out-
rages and disorders exist. It is to place the
matter of fact beyond a peradventure. There
can be no possible doubt or question in refer-
ence to the matter when military commanders
of different schools of politics, who have no
political or personal ends to serve by their tes-
timony, have stated under oath the true condi-
tion of things in the South.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we need spend no more
time upon the facts. I take it the faet is settled
that adequate and necessary protection to the
Union people in those States is not afforded
i and cannot be under the present system of gov-
j ernment, because of the popular hatred which
| exists against all loyal men. I propose now to
say a few words with regard to the bill itself
and the power of Congress to pass such an
act. It is claimed on the other side of the
House that this bill is, in several particulars,
in derogation of the Constitution. It is ob-
jected, in the first place, that we violate the
Constitution by directing the General of the
Army to assign officers of a rank not below
that of brigadier general to the command of
certain districts. It is said that as the Consti-
tution clothes the President with the right to
command the Army, therefore we cannot direct
any other official to assign an officer of a par-
ticular rank to a special duty. I do not believe
in that doctrine. I think that I can find numer-
ous instances in various statutes which have
been enacted during the war wherein we have
by law directed, for instance, that the Provost
Marshal General shall perform a certain duty
that the Judge Advocate General shall perform
a certain duty; that the General of the Army
or the Lieutenant General shall assign officers
to certain duties. If we should declare in this
bill that the General of the Army shall assign
a particular officer, naming him, to a special
duty, there might be some question raised
about such a provision; but that Congress has
a right to direct that officers of a certain grade
shall be assigned by the General of the Army
to particular duties seems to my mind a matter
beyond controversy. Why, sir, the President
only can command the Army in obedience to
the law and for its execution. Congress com-
mands both President and Army.
It is said that the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion have, in framing this bill, changed the
provisions of a similar bill which was intro-
duced by a Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams.] That is true. The Committee on
Reconstruction have struck out the words " by
authority of the President." I am very glad
that this has been done; and I will state why.
I want to put the President into a position in
which he will be obliged, by affirmative action,
to place himself in the way of a law of Con-
gress, if he is disposed to obstruct the execu-
tion of that law. If you require the General
of the Army to run to the President every
time he wants to make an assignment of an
officer to a particular duty, and the President
chooses to say, "I am engaged and cannot
attend to the matter now," and thus by a sort
of negative action defeats a law of Congress,
he is not placed in the position in which he
would be if he should by a positive order
direct Grant not to assign an officer to this
particular duty. Let him thus array himself,
if he will, against the express provisions of a
law of Congress, and then he will be placed in
a position where there will be no difficulty
^about dealing with him. I say again, that as
to the right of Congress to direct that an officer
of a particular grade shall be assigned for cer-
tain duty to a district, without even naming
the district, I have no doubt whatever.
It is said that by this bill we propose to up-
turn find destroy the civil tribunals in these
insurrectionary States. Why, sir, who gave
them civil tribunals ? What kind of civil tri-
bunals have they? The President stated, after
the war had concluded, that those States were
left without civil governments ; that there was
chaos there; that all civil government was
overthrown. He said this repeatedly. Did
anybody doubt it then ? No. And his friends
upon the other side of the House will not, I
suppose, contend now that he was not right in
so saying. Then if those States were left with-
out civil governments at that time, who has
given them civil governments since? Where
did they derive their authority to set up civil
governments? Have they any civil govern-
ments which are entitled to recognition by the
sovereign power of this nation ?
If they have set up any governments it has
been under the direction of the President of
the United States. This is the first time, if
we pass this act, that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has passed any law giving them any
kind of government. We are, sir, now doing
what*fre ought to have done in May, 1865, and
what, in all probability, Congress would have
done had it been able to assemble and had an
opportunitytolegislate upon the subject. These
are called civil governments, and yet the only
tribunals they possess it seems are used for
the protection of crime.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. My colleague says
they have no civil governments down there.
Now, what then is referred to in the third sec-
tion of the bill, where it is declared the com-
manding general may allow civil tribunals to
have jurisdiction ? What civil governments are
referred to?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The civil tribunals
they have in fact. I was speaking about legal
tribunals. It is certain they have certain gov-
ernments set up there in fact, which are not
derived from any authority given by the law-
making power of the Government. In my
judgment none of those civil governments are
lawful, and it is very certain that they are now
in the hands of the rebels.
We may as far as we please make use of the
agencies which are now in existence in those
localities. We may if we see fit allow them
still to act in reference to certain matters.
And I am convinced of the power of Congress
to pass this bill for the purpose of giving them
some kind of government.
Talk of civil governments! They are not
civil governments, but on the contrary are very
uncivil. [Laughter.]
Now, the object and purpose of this hill on
the part of the Congress of the United States
is to secure the full protection of the persons
and property of our own citizens. And the
Government that does not do that is not worthy
the name of Government. I ask gentlemen to
point out any other way in which we can pro-
tect the rights of loyal citizens there except by
clothing the military with this power. I have
given this subject some thought and attention
during this Congress, and no man is more anx-
ious for restoration, reconstruction, or what-
ever name you may please to call it.
I am not disposed to let any theory stand in
the way. I do not care whether you call them
Territories or States. I do not care whether
you call them conquered provinces or disor-
ganized States, but I do care that the great
Government of the LTnited States under which
I live shall enforce protection of the rights of
all of its citizens. If any gentleman will point
out to me any other mode by which liberty and
property will be secured in those disorganized
States than that provided for in this measure, I
will be glad to hear it. I know of no other
method. The military commanders to whom
I have alluded say they know of no other
