1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147]
Forty-seventh amendment:
Add the following:
Sec* — And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby authorized to appoint
in the office of Commissioner of Pensions, in addition
to clerks now authorized in said office, twenty-eight
clerks of class one; twenty-four of class two; eighteen
of class three, and ten of class four; said clerkships
to expire at the end of this year; and a sum sufficient
to pay the salaries of said clerks from th.e date of
their appointment to the 30th of June, 1867, and for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1868, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Add the following:
And be it further enacted, That the salary of the
district judge of California shall be $5,000; the sal-
ary of the district judge of the district of Massa-
chusetts, southern and eastern districts ofNew York,
eastern district of Pennsylvania and Maryland,
northern district of Illinois, Louisiana, Oregon, and
Nevada, shall be $4,500 each; and the salaries of the
district judges of every other district shall be $1,000
each; and such salaries shall be in full compensation
for all official services performed by such judges, and
no other allowance or payment shall be made to
them for traveling expenses or otherwise: and the
amount necessary to pay the increased compensation
herein provided for shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, on the part of
the committee I move non-concurrence, with
a view of a modification of one or two items.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Add the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to direct a geological and topo-
graphical exploration of the territory between the
Rocky mountains and the Sierra Nevada mountains,
including the route or routes of the Pacific railroad:
Provided, The same can be done out of existing
appropriations.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Add the following:
And be it further enacted. That the salary of the
Chief Clerk of the Senate shall be $4,000, that of the
Sergeant-at-Arms J3.500 per annum, and that of the
Assistant Doorkeeper shall be 82,500 per annum;
that section eighteen of an act allowing twenty per
cent, on the pay of officers and employes of the ben-
ate shall not apply to the salaries hereby fixed; and
the sum necessary to pay the increased compensation
herein provided for the current and ensuing fiscal
year shall be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
Amend the title of the bill by adding thereto " and
for other purposes."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the various amendments of the Sen-
ate were concurred in and non-concurred in ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved a committee of con-
ference.
A committee of conference was ordered ;
and the Chair appointed Messrs. Stevens,
Niblack, and Conkling conferees on the part
of the House.
enforcement of the rules.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a privileged
question. I wish to obtain, if necessary, the
sense of the House on having the rules rigidly
enforced in regard to the admission of others
than members and officers of the House to the
floor and in the lobbies. If necessary I will
offer a resolution directing the Doorkeeper to
rigidly enforce the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will give some reason.
Mr. SPALDING. Because we are impeded
every hour by outsiders and lobby members.
We must have the Hall clear in order to go on
with the necessary business of the House. _
The SPEAKER. Any member has a right
to call for the enforcement of the rules, and
they will therefore be enforcfed.
collection of taxes in west virginia.
Mr. ALLISON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on Senate joint resolution No. 90, to
suspend the temporary collection of direct
taxes in West Virginia, submitted the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 90) to suspend temporarily the collection of the
direct tax within the State of West Virginia, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment of the House to said joint reso-
lution and agree to the same.
W. B. ALLISON,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
Managers on the part of the House.
P. 6. VAN WINKLE,
T. 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of th e committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Agriculture, which will occupy
very little time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I demand the regular
order of business. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of setting aside the
morning hour entirely, so that we may now go
on with the tax bill.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] under a suspension of the
rules, it was ordered that the morninghour
should not be interrupted by any other business.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moor-
head] now moves to suspend the rules, for the
purpose of rescinding the action taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Moorhead, and two thirds not voting in
favor thereof the rules were not suspended.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now demand the reg-
ular order of business.
military academy.
' Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amendments
of the Senate to bill of the House No. 912,
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18C8, with the recommendation that
some of the amendments of the Senate be con-
curred in and some he not concurred in.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out all after the word "dollars,'' in line
forty-one, page 3, down to the end of the fifty-
third line, as follows :
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall be expended in
violation of the provisions of an act entitled An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and tor other Pur-
poses,'" approved July 2,1862: And provided further,
That no part of the moneys appropriated by this or
any other act shall be applied to the pay or subsist-
ence of any cadet from any State declared to be in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, appointed after the 1st day of January, 1806,
until such State shall have been returned.to its ori-
ginal relations to tlie Union under and by virtue ot an
Set 01- joint resolution of Congress for that case made
and provided.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec —. And be it. further enacted. That the chap-
lain of the West Point Military Academy shall here-
after be relieved from academic duties,m order that
he may devote himself exclusively to the moral and
religious training of the cadets. He shall be required
to hold daily in the chapel morning pras'crs. and to
form a class for Biblical instruction on the Sabbath
day; and all parades and other military duty shall
be dispensed with at the Academy on that day, as far
as consistent with proper military discipline.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 3, line sixty, strike out the words " stova
in," and insert in lieu thereof the words "store and."
The committee on recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth and last amendment:
Amend the title of the bill by adding theroto the
words " and for other purposes."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the
votes by which the several amendments were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that a committee of
conference be appointed on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Spalding,
Mr. Kasson, and Mr. Eldridge, the conferees
on the part of the House.
consular and diplomatic appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amendments
of the Senate to bill of the House No. 904,
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes.
First amendment of the Senate :
On page 1, line nine, after the word " Peru" insert
"Portugal."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 2, line nine, strike out " sixty-five" and
insert " thirty."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The remaining amendments of the Senate
were, on the recommendation of the committee,
concurred in.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House non-concurred in the
Senate amendment in reference to the Minister
of Portugal. I hope the _ House will concur
in the Senate amendment in that case.
Mr. STEVENS. There will have to be a
committee of conference, and probably some
arrangement will bo made in reference to that
mission.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am aware of that; but
I am also aware of the difficulty of separating
one amendment from the rest in a committee
of conference ; hence I move to reconsider
the concurrence at this time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. LE BLOND. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays : and upon a division, there were
—ayes 18, noes 80; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LE BLOND called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays. _
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers, and twenty five voted in the affirmative.
So (one fifth of a quorum voting m the
affirmative) tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Farnsworth and Mr. Le Blond were ap-
^ The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were ayes twenty-five, noes
not counted. _
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
The question was taken ; and it was decided
