1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
39th Con~g....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Niblack.
Ho. of Reps.
method. There is no other method. I repeat,
again, if gentlemen can tell me of any other
method I should like to hear it. Certainly I
have not heard any gentleman upon this floor
point out any other. \
Surely, sir, there has been time enough. :
We have allowed nearly two years to pass, and
we find instead of things growing better they
are every day growing worse and worse. When
the rebellion was ended, when Lee and John- 1
son surrendered, for a few months there was
comparative peace in the South. The rebels
felt subdued so long as the military held power
there. They were in a great measure subdued ,
and peaceful, but the moment the policy began j
to be developed of pardon, restoration, and ;
amnesty and all that, these men began to creep
out of the holes where they had skulked and |
hidden themselves and assumed the airs of
braggarts and talked about constitutional rights
as if they had any constitutional rights.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, if it is a very
short one.
Mr. LE BLOND. Did I understand the
gentleman correctly as saying that General
Grant favored the proposition now pending?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I said I
believed he did; but I could not speak from
authority.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suppose the gentleman
does not claim to have any personal knowledge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not, sir; it has
been the policy of the President and his Cab-
inet which has brought things to this state in
the South. His policy of pardoning rebels,
restoring them to power, and giving into their
hands the reins of government in their States,
develops at once the hatred which is natural
to them and which has not been cured. Every
commander, every one of the military men who
have been in the South during the war, and
who has remained there since, will tell you
the same story. Things are not as they were
at the close of the war. Why? Because then
these men knew and realized the fact that they
had no constitutional rights, and that all that
was left to them was to ask for mercy. They
were content with that at the close of the war.
A Union man in the South was then at a pre-
mium. He was courted and his influence was
sought after by these unwashed rebels. But
when the President told, the rebels he would
protect them at the expense of the Union men,
then the Union man was at once at a discount
and the rebel at a premium. Now the Union
men are murdered, persecuted, driven from
their homes, and despoiled of their goods.
They have no security. And that state of
things is growing worse and worse all the time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I see the dawn
of a better day in the passage of this bill. I
am very glad indeed that the committee have
been enabled so unanimously to agree upon
such a measure as this. I hope it will pass
this House by an overwhelming majority and
become a law. I do not expect that this is all
that should be done, but I consider it as an
entering wedge of the right kind and driven m
the right direction, for the first duty of the
Government is to afford protection to its citi-
Governinent of Insurrectionary State*.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. NIBLACK,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more effectual
government of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. NIBLACK said;
Mr. Spbaker : When I first sought the floor
a day or two since I did feel very much like
discussing at some length the questions in-
volved in this bill. Since that, however, the
debate has taken so wide a range, and some
of the grounds which I intended to occupy
have been passed over so ably by other gentle-
men, that I have ceased to have that personal
desire to participate in this discussion at any
great length at this period of the debate.
I regard this as one of the most interesting,
and at the same time important, measures that
has been introduced during the present Con-
gress. It brings up legitimately for discussion
every power of this Government, civil and
military, legislative, judicial, and executive. [
It brings before the House all the questions
that have been presented upon this subject of
reconstruction for discussion again, if we see ;
proper to avail ourselves of the latitude which j
is usually allowed in debates of this sort. j
At the commencement of the late civil war j
I felt that this question of the relation of States
to the General Government., if the war con- ,,
tinued long, would inevitably be the great ques- !:
tion of the times. I felt then, as 1 feel now, ;
that it was one of the first duties of the first
Congress that assembled after the commence- !
ment of the war to provide for some contin- j
gencies which have since happened by appro- :
priate legislation, and whatever neglect may
have occurred- in failing to provide tor those
contingencies I assert with, all due respect
rests upon the Congress of the United States.
It is true at one time during the war a bill was
passed by Congress for the reorganization of
the rebellious States, as they, are termed; but
from disagreement between Mr. Lincoln and
Congress that bill failed to become a law.
That failure is in no sense justly chargeable to !
the present Administration nor to the present
minority in Congress.
When the war closed this whole question was
therefore very suddenly and to a great portion
of the country very unexpectedly precipitated
upon the administration of President Johnson.
I concur—and in that declaration I know I am
liable to the charge of being considered some-
what extreme—I concur in the view expressed
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond]
yesterday that the best arrangement that could
probably have been made, in view of all the
difficulties that surrounded the question at the
time, was to have indorsed the terms of capitu-
lation agreed upon between General Sherman
and General Johnston, recognizing the then
existing State governments of the insurgent
States upon their compliance in good faith with
those terms of capitulation. Whatever rela-
tions they had theretofore sustained to the so-
called confederate government were swept
away by the collapse of that government.
Every extraneous matter having relation to the
rebellion certainly ceased to have any valid and
binding authority or force upon those States
when the confederacy expired, and only the
naked State governments remained, which could
have been immediately used in the restoration
of law and order. I always thought it would
have been better, as a practical question, to
have acceded to and sustained those terms
of capitulation. But, sir, in the temper in
which the country then was, in view of the
embarrassment that then surrounded the Pres-
ident of the United States, it is no matter of
surprise now that ho failed to concur in that
arrangement of General Sherman. I did not
complain of him for not doing so, fori confess
the question was surrounded by many and very
great difficulties, some of which I may have
tailed to fully comprehend.
When the Administration failed to sanction
what General Sherman had done it became
necessary for it at once to adopt some other
policy which would secure to the people ot
those States some sort of civil government.
President Johnson, conforming to the policy
of his predecessor on this subject, proceeded to
appoint provisional governors for these fetates.
Now, sir, I am free to confess that I always
regarded these appointments of provisional
governors with some degree of disfavor; and
I have always had some doubt as to the legality
of the acts of a governor so appointed, unless
his acts and conduct were ratilied by the peo-
ple of the State over which he was appointed
to preside. That question, however, has failed
to become one of any practical importance in
the present position of affairs. Whatever may
have been the power or want of power of the
President in the premises the people of these
States have accepted them as acting governors,
and have ratified and recognized their acts as
binding upon them. To my mind that relieves
the question of any further embarrassment.
The States, under the auspices of these gov-
ernments, have reorganized their constitutions
with such amendments as they thought neces-
sary to accommodate themselves to their
changed condition and circumstances. I there-
fore contend, and have always contended, that,
at least in the absence of any other power as-
serted to be and claiming to be the State gov-
ernments of these States, these reorganized gov-
ernments are, and of right ought now to be,
recognized as the legitimate governments of
these States, entitled to all the powers which
appertain to the administration of their local
affairs.
Well, sir, we are now confronted fairly and
squarely with the question whether we shall rec-
ognize these State governments as valid and'
having authority for any purpose, or whether
we shall not. That view of the question was
very fairly presented yesterday by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Shbllabaroeii.] He
admitted very frankly that if these reorganized
governments in the lately insurgent States are
valid State governments we have no power to
pass the bill under consideration. On that
point there is not that I am aware any contro-
versy. The validity of these State governments
being admitted, all the use we can make of the
military power within those States in time of
peace is to aid in certain contingencies in the
execution of the laws within them already en-
acted by the proper legislative authority. If,
on the contrary, they are States for no purpose,
then it has ijeen the duty of this Congress from
the first hour in which it assembled to the pres-
ent time to provide other governments, territo-
rial or otherwise, for the government of these
districts of country once known as States.
But, sir, from disagreements of opinion, and
perhaps other causes, which I may not fully
understand, this Congress has failed in any
manner to recognize them as States in the full
political sense of the term, and yet it has failed
to decree that they are not States, and thus,
notwithstanding theimmense interests involved,
the whole subject has been allowed to move on,
in this anomalous and unsettled condition, to
the present time. .
I know it is charged that this failure on the
part of Congress to adopt some affirmativeand
decided policy is due somewhat to the action
of the Executive of the United States. I do
not really know just how far the President has
failed to cooperate in all respects with the
present Congress, or has thwarted any action
intended to secure this object. I only know
that there seems to be some disagreement on
this question. But I have discovered, as we
have all witnessed to-day in the passage of the
Nebraska bill, that when the President has
failed to give his sanction to any other measure
upon which the dominant majority in this Con-
gress have united they have always been able
to carry their proposition over his veto. Why,
therefore, has not this Congress adopted some
measure of reconstruction? _ They can pass,
if there be need for legislative action at all,
any measure they choose. There is, therefore,
no good reason for charging the failure upon
the Executive. The blame rests rather with
the majority here, who awnot it seems agree
upon any proposition which will command the
party strength.
