102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Niblaclc.
39th Cong....2d Ses3.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask my friend
a question. I understood him to state that
Congress had by no act recognized these States
as States since the rebellion. I wish to inquire
of my friend if in the act' apportioning repre-
sentation among the several States they were
not recognized as States, and further, if in the
apportionment the direct tax of $20,000,000
levied upon the people of the United States
there was not a clear and unequivocal recogni-
tion by act of Congress of the existence of
these States since the rebellion?
Mr. NIBLACK. I did not intend to go into
that branch of this question, or to be understood
as saying that Congress had not in any manner
recognized the existence of these State govern-
ments. On the contrary, as the gentleman has
suggested, I am prepared to affirm upon all
suitable occasions that this Congress has indi-
rectly and by collateral legislation, in the man-
ner suggested by the gentleman, and perhaps
in other ways, recognized the existence of
these State governments. That matter has
been discussed oftentimes in this House and
elsewhere. And what I was endeavoring to
say, what I desired to be understood as saying,
was that Congress had, by no direct legisla-
tion upon this subject of reconstruction, either
affirmed or denied the validity of these State
governments, but has left it a question some-
what of construction and inference as to their
• status by the acts it has passed upon other sub-
jects and not bearing directly upon the subject
of the restoration of these States to their for-
mer relations with the Government.
I will come now directly to the consideration
of the bill now before the House. As I stated
in the outset of my remarks this bill, to my
mind at least, really presents more questions
of interest than is presented by any other
measure which has been submitted to this
House and to the country since the close of
the war. It commences by a preamble which
is intended as a declaration of the views of
Congress upon the conduct of the executive
department of this Government, both during
the administration of Mr. Lincoln and the
administration of Mr. Johnson. _It is a state-
ment also of what Congress is asked to an-
nounce as the legal effect of the reconstruction
policy of both Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson
in regard to the States enumerated. The
preamble is as follows:
Whereas the pretended State governments of the
late so-called confederate States of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas were
set up without the authority of Congress and with-
out the sanction of the people; and whereas said
pretended governments afford no adequate protec-
tion for life or property, but countenance and en-
courage lawlessness and crime; and wherpas it is
necessary that peace and good order should be cn-
forced^in said so-called States until loyal and repub-
lican State governments can be legally established:
Therefore, Be it enacted, &c.
Now, 1 concede, Mr. Speaker, that this pre-
amble is no part of the bill; it may be stricken
out without affecting in any way its provisions.
When a preamble to a bill is adopted, how-
ever, it usually becomes an important and
sometimes an essential part of it.
Now, what is the nature, character, and evi-
dent purpose of this preamble ? It bases the
proposed action of Congress upon the pretense
that no proper State governments have been
erected within the lately rebellious States;
that they have not been sanctioned by the au-
thority of the people. Therefore, because the
people have not sanctioned what has been done
in the alleged attempt at reconstruction, Con-
gress must intervene without reference to what
the people wish or desire in those States, and
take the whole power of the Government into
its own hands.
Now if, as there intimated, and as I fully
concede, the assent of the people is necessary
to the reconstruction of any State or to the
establishment of a government within it, then
I hold it is not the duty of Congress to provide
a military government for these people, but to
|l make provision at once by which they may re-
i establish civil government if the present State
| governments are to be swept away. But this
! bill does not pretend to do anything of the
! kind. On the contrar}', I think it can be con-
! strued in no other light than as an attempt to
set up military governments- in place of the
State governments now there, obliterating all
State lines, and not founded in any sense upon
the consent of the people. It is founded sim-
ply upon what is claimed as the authority of
Congress, to do as it pleases with the States
lately in rebellion, without reference to any
constitutional limitation.
This preamble is a reflection upon all that
has been done by the executive authority upon
the subject of reorganizing thwse States; and it
applies, and I call the attention of the House
to the fact, that it applies as well to what was
I done by Mr. Lincoln in regard to the States of
[ Louisiana, Arkansas, and Virginia, as to what
has been done since by Mr. Johnson in the
: other seven States included in this bill. The
: blow that is intended to be inflicted by this pre-
: amble upon the present Executive necessarily
] reaches back and applies in a great measure
[ to the acts of his predecessor. I do not pre-
I tend to discuss the relative merits of Mr. John-
son and Mr. Lincoln in those respects. These
matters have already been discussed more ably
and at greater length than I have the power or
the time now to do.
The first section of this bill is as follows :
Beitenactcd,&c„ That said so-called States shall
be divided into military districts and made subject
to the military authority of the United States as
hereinafter prescribed, and forthat purpose Virginia
shall constitute the first district; North Carolina and
South Carolina the second district; Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida the third district; Mississippi and
Arkansas the fourth district; and Louisiana and
Texas the fifth district.
Thus it is proposed to establish military
governments—for if it amounts to anything it
amounts to that—in those ten States, without
regard to the old State boundaries or to the
present State lines. That, however, is merely
a preliminary to what follows. The second
section provides—
That it shall bo the duty of the General of the
Army to assign to the command of each of said dis-
tricts an ofEcerof the Army not below tho rank of
brigadier general, and to detail a sufficient military
force to enable such officer to perform his duties and
enforce his authority within the district to which he
is assigned. ,
Now, the remarkable feature in this section
is that instead of declaring that the President
of the United States shall do these things, as
is usual in all similar legislation, so far as any
previous legislation has ever been similar to
this, it is provided that the General of the Army
shall exercise this power—not the President,
not the War Department, but the General of
the Army.
Now, while I have as much confidence in the
military capacity of the General of the Army
of the United States as any member of this
House, yet under the Constitution he is but a
subordinate officer to the President. The Pres-
ident, by virtue of the Constitution, is the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States; and if this bill should become
a law he could still, notwithstanding its pro-
visions, prescribe to General Grant the duties
which he shall or shall not perform in regard
to this as all other military measures. I take
it, therefore, that if this bill should pass in its
present form it could have no legal effect in
tying up the hands of the President. All that
you can make of it is simply a personal reflec-
tion upon the President, attempting to confer
upon the General of the Army authority vhich
constitutionally belongs to the President. This
provision, therefore, can have no other effect
than to illustrate the animus of the bill or of
those who reported it.
The third section provides—
That it shall be the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of per-
son and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish, orcause to be punished,
all disturbers of the public peaco and criminals, and
to this end he may allow civil tribunals to take juris-
diction of and to try offenders, or, when in his judg-
ment it may be necessary for the trial of offenders,
he shall have power to organize military commissions
or tribunals for that purpose, anything in the con-
stitution and laws ot the so-eallcd States to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and all legislative or j ud icial
proceedings, or processes to prevent or control tho
proceedings of said military tribunals, and all inter-
ference by said protended State governments with
the exercise of military authority under this act, shall
be void and of no effect.
This, Mr. Speaker, presents the great and
important question for the consideration of this
House; in other words, it is the important and
controlling section of the bill. As was prop-
erly remarked yesterday by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] the military power
of this Government in all matters pertaining to
its civil administration is but the police force
of the Government. It is but an auxiliary of
the civil power when called upon in the exe-
cution and enforcement of the laws. In order,
therefore, that the military may exercise any
proper authority in the so-called rebellious
States there must be some civil government,
some civil authority, in aid of which the mili-
tary shall act.
The bill declares that the "rights of persons
and property" shall be enforced and protected
by the military authority; but it does not define
what are the "rights of persons and property"
of the people in those districts of country. It
does not pretend to define what those rights are
or any civil rights pertaining to the people of
the section of country to which it applies. If
the pretended State governments of which the
bill speaks are not legal governments and have
no power to enact laws, then of course all of
the pretended laws of these pretended States
defining the rights of citizens, defining the
rights of person and property, are void and of
no effect. There are no State laws, then, to
execute by the aid of the military within these
so-called States. If there are no State laws,
then I submit, Mr. Speaker, there are no laws
of Congress applicable to the emergency. It
amounts simply to this : that there are no laws
now in force, either State or national, pertain-
ing to the local administration of this district
of country known as the lately rebellious States
which the military can be called upon to aid in
executing.
If the military authority in the district, there-
fore, has any power at all, or attempts to exer-
cise any power, it must in some way define by
military power what the rights of the people
shall be, and then proceed to protect the
people in those rights so defined by military
power, thus surrendering all power, executive,
legislative, and judicial, to the military.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] tells us this is to be followed by some
legislation defining the rights of these people.
In all candor and in all fairness, Mr. Speaker,
we are commencing at the wrong end of the
difficulty if Congress must legislate on the
subject at all.
The first great duty, it seems to me, is to either
define, or cause or allow to be defined, the
civil rights of the people interested in this
measure by proper and competent legislative
authority. Then, if the civil power shall be
unable to execute the laws for the protection
of those rights, it will be time enough to
invoke the aid of the military in the work of
preserving law and order.
This third section which I am considering, in
defining the duties of the officer to be placed
in command of the military district, provided
for in the first section, provides that among
other things "he may allow civil tribunals to
take jurisdiction of and try offenders." What
civil tribunals ? Does it mean the State courts ?
If so, then it must mean that the military com-
mander shall recognize the validity of the laws
of these States or not, in his discretion. Wa3
ever such a power conferred on a military offi-
