708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
then accept the amendment, -suggested by the
Senator from New York, making the duty
twenty cents on seed and thirty cents a gallon
on oil. •
Mr. MORGAN. And no drawback.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And no draw-
back. The drawback is oat of the bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment, and that to correct what I think
is a misapprehension in regard to the extent
of this business. My friend from New York
says that the importation during the last year
was two million four hundred thousand gal-
lons. It is true it was represented to the Com-
mittee on Finance that during the last year
the importation of oil was two million four
hundred thousand gallons; bat it is proper to
say that previous to the last year no importa-
tions of oil to any considerable amount we.re
made into this country. I have before me the
table of the importations of the year 1865, and
the amount of oils of this kind brought into
the country during the fiscal year 1865 was
only fifty thousand gallons, and under the
"present tariff oils would not be brought here
unless there was a vacuum'in the market, as
there was during the last year. There was an
unnatural trade, and it would not be renewed.
Probably oils would not under the present
tariff be brought into this country to compete
with our own.
Now, if I can get the attention of the Senate,
I will try to give them the facts, because I think
there is no conflict of interest in regard to this
matter. We import from India about one mil-
lion three hundred thousand bushels of linseed
and rape-seed. It yields about two gallons and
a quart of oil to the bushel. The present duty
is about ten and a half cents on the seed, after
deducting the drawback, and tw nty-three cents
a gallon on oil, making a discrimination in
favor of the crusher of the India flaxseed in
the city of New York of about forty cents a
bushel. If the seed is brought into the country
in the form of'seed the duty is ten and a half
cents per bushel; and if the same seed is brought
in the form of oil the duty on it, according
to the present tariff, is about fifty-one cents;
that is, as one bushel yields two gallons and a
quart of oil, the duty on the oil in the seed, at
the rate of twenty-three cents a gallon, will be
equivalent to about fifty-one cents; so that the
result of the present law is a discrimination in
favor of the crusher of the oil equivalent to
forty cents a bushel, which is about the cost
of the whole manufacture.
There was great complaint in the western
States where this linseed is produced, mainly
in Ohio and Indiana, I am told, against this
discrimination; and it was also complained—
although that is rectified in the present bill—
that- while all the cake made from either do-
mestic or foreign seed is exported and sent to
England, that which was made from the India
seed had a drawback, and if they were lying
.side by side in warehouse in New York the
cake made from the India seed was worth a
considerable sum more than that made from
the American seed, because on the one a draw-
back was given, and on the other it was not.
That, however, has been corrected in this bill.
The duty as it now stands in the Senate bill
is sixteen cents on a bushel of seed and twenty-
three cents on a gallon of oil. That is a dis-
crimination in favor of the crusher in New
York amounting to about forty cents on a
bushel of seed. I think that is too much.
Whether we look at this question as a question
of commerce, a question of revenue, or a
question of protection it is too large a discrim-
ination in favor of an industry which yields to
the Government of the United States no profit
whatever. Not one cent of profit is gained
unless it is in the mere carrying trade, and
that is done partly in American and partly in
foreign vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there not a profit in
the duties we get on the seed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is so small as hardly
to be worth taking into account. It is the in-
terest of the United States, under the present
tariff law, to have the oil brought over, because
if the oil is brought we get fifty-one cents on
the product of a bushel of seed in gold rev-
enue, while if that same oil is brought oyer in
the form of. seed all the United States gets is
ten and a half cents; so that this is a discrim-
ination against revenue, and it is the interest
of the United States to import it in the form
of linseed oil rather than in the form of lin-
seed. And this protection is given to a manu-
facture which does not add anything to the
wealth of the country, but simply expresses
the juice from the seed raised in India and
sends the residuum to England. It is tru^that
in the process it gives employment tqour com-
merce, and if this trade was entirely broken
up it would destroy that much commerce; but
at the same time it must be remembered that
if the American seed was used instead the
same amount of money would be paid for
transporting that from the place of production
to the place of consumption, so that internal
commerce would be benefited in the one case
while external commerce might be injured.
But it seems to me that this matter might be
settled upon a fair and just basis. The House
of Representatives after a long discussion, be-
cause this brought in conflict in the House the
same interests that are exhibited here, finally
settled upon the rate of thirty cents a bushel
on seed and thirty cents a gallon on oil.
The Senator from Maine seems to speak of
that as an injustice to the American manufac-
turer ; but in fact it is a discrimination to the
amount of thirty-seven and a half cents a gal-
lon in favor of the American manufacturer.
Why ? If the oil be brought here it would
pay thirty cents a gallon, while if the seed be
brought here it would pay but thirty cents a
bushel; and that bushel of seed, producing two
gallons and a quart of oil, would give to the
crusher the benefit of the duty on one gallon
and a quart of oil, which is equivalent to
thirty-seven and a half cents a bushel. It
seems to me this is enough. These gentlemen
say it is not enough to sustain their business.
I have no doubt that if the duty on the seed
was put at the rate fixed by my colleague,
twenty-three cents, and a small addition, say,
thirty cents put on the oil, you would protect
every interest of the crusher largely, and you
would not materially diminish the employment
of our vessels in this trade.
This is not a matter which involves any great
principle, but it is a matter of detail which
involves a pretty large interest, because the
amount of seed brought into the country aver-
ages pretty uniformly over a million bushels.
The amount produced in the country, as near
as we can get at it from the statements of the
persons in the trade, is a little over that, al-
though there is some discrepancy between the
crushers in the East and the crushers in the
West in regard to it. I suppose the domestic
production is probably a little in excess of the
foreign importation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What the Senator says
is right so far as his calculations go; but the
same discrimination is as much for the benefit
of the western producer as the eastern. If it
operates precisely in the way he says it does,
they have all the benefit because the duty is
imposed and they manufacture the oil, so that
it operates to the full extent in each case. It
does not operate for the crusher who imports
the seed any more than it does for the crusher
who takes the seed omthe spot where it is grown.
But now it is raised to sixteen cents by our bill,
so that matter is answered in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but one word to
say in regard to that. The testimony was uni-
form that, with the exception of last year, the
foreign never came into competition with the
domestic linseed oil; but last year on account
of tho want of supply it did reach, so this gen-
tleman stated, as far as Dayton or Cincinnati.
The real competition in linseed oil is between
that made out of India seed in the city of New
York and that made out of western seed in the
city of Dayton and some other places where it
is made; but latterly the American production.
is reaching the New York market, ted I think
that probably with a duty of thirty cents a
bushel on the seed it would make a pretty fair
competition with oil from the Indian seed along
the coast. I do not think it is unjust because
even at twenty-three cents it is less than ten
per cent, ad valorem. If there is any other
interest in this whole bill that is put off with a
duty of ten per cent ad valorem I should like
to know what it is. The price of this seed
delivered in New York is $2 40, so that a duty
of twenty-three cents, according to the proposi-
tion of my colleague, would be a little less than
ten per cent, ad valorem, which is as low a
duty I think as you can find in the schedule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is
simply this: the question is how much protec-
tion it needs. If it flourishes under a certain
percentage that is all it demands. I have no
objection, if Senators think it advisable, to
raising the duty to twenty cents on the seed;
but the objection is to the western producers
of oil insisting that the duty on oil should be
the same precisely as on the seed, -thus giving
them all the advantage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harms
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wads] to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
resected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I now offer the
amendment of which I have spoken, to strike
out " twenty-three" in line four hundred and
fourteen of section nine, on page 57, and in-
sert '' thirty," so as to make the clause read:
"on linseed, flaxseed, hemp-seed, and rape-
seed oil, and on oil of sesame or bene oil, and
on cotton-seed oil, thirty cents per gallqp;'*
and in line six hundred and nine of that sec-
tion, page 65, to strikeout "sixteen" and in-
sert "twenty;" so as to read, "on linseed or
flaxseed, twenty cents per bushel of fifty-two
pounds."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe, if I understand
this proposition, it discriminates more in favor
of the manufacturer and against the grower of
the seed than the proposition submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. About the same.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the tariff, as re-
ported by the committee, fixed a duty of six-
teen cents on seed and twenty-three on the
oil, seven cents difference. This proposition
proposes to put twenty cents on the seed and
thirty cents on oil, making ten cents differ-
ence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Both of them_ need
that as against the foreign importer of oil.
Mr. W1LLIAMS. I think, with all deference
to all the gentlemen concerned, that there are
two interests that were not consulted in this
arrangement which has been made here as
much as they ought to be. The one is the
revenue of the United States, and the other is
the interest of the consumer. I feel entirely
disinterested in this question; I do not know
that I belong to the East or to the West so far
as the controversy about flaxseed is concerned,
but I think that an article which is so univer-
sally consumed as linseed oil ought not to bo
made so very expensive by the imposition of
this duty.
I heard all that was said upon this subject
in committee, and my criterion has been in
judging of these matters to decide from the
practical facts that were submitted to the com-
mittee, and I have not yet been satisfied by
any representations made to the committee that
this flaxseed interest was suffering to any great
extent in this cguntry. Flaxseed^ which
brought a dollar -and some cents before the
war, now brings- three dollars. There is
demand f#r it and it is raised. Men go about
.in the country, as I am informed, where the
flaxseed is raised and buy it of the farmers
and pay large prices for it. It is manufactured
into oil. Now, it has not been made apparent
to me that this high tax upon seed is necessary
to enable the farmer to prosecute the business
of raising flaxseed ; and if it is not necessary,
