1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
then it seems to me that we ought to take into
consideration the revenues of the country and
the interests of the consumers.
Where I find and am satisfied that for want
of the necessary protection a certain business
is languishing, is suffering, then I find a rea-
son for extending protection; but when the
business is a prosperous business, and the
only object of putting on a high tariff is to
make the men engaged in it richer, then I do
not see any particular necessity for the pro-,
posed addition. I know that there are con-
flicting representations upon the subject, as
there are on all others; but according to the
best information that I can obtain the flax-
seed interest is not suffering as much as some
other interests in the country; and I know
that the crushers along the sea-board here do
say (with how much truth I cannot determine;
I presume, though, they are entitled to as
much confidence as other men who appear be-
fore us) that to increase the tariff on flaxseed
is to ruin their business ; and there is a good
deal of reason in the statement to my mind.
This seed is raised in the West; it is manufac-
tured into oil there, and people who use the
oil on the sea-board must either have it manu-
factured where they live and where they re-
quire it to be used or they must go West and
buy of the men who manufacture the oil there;
and according to my judgment—I maybe mis-
taken; it is exceedingly difficult to form a cor-
rect opinion about it—this tariff, as we fixed it
in committee, is as equitable and just as it
eould be arranged.
Mr. CATTBLL. Several of my colleagues
upon the Finance Committee have spoken upon
this subject. I agree with them that we gave
a great deal of time and attention to this sub-
ject of flax-seed and the oil produced from it,
but it was finally a question of compromise
without any one of us being satisfied with the
result. The real difficulty in this ease is just
here: ilf order to produce oil from flax-seed
you must find a market for the oil-cake. Very
much the largest part in bulk of the production
must be reexported from this country to Europe
again', simply because our people have not yet
become accustomed to the use of oil-cake as
an article of food for cattle. As a consequence,
it is absolutely necessary that somethinga little
out of the Ordinary course shall be done for
the crushers. Under the old tariffthe crushers
of oil had a drawback as has been stated here,
and that really reduced the duty on linseed to
ten and a half cents. My own impression was
at the time the committee made the report,
and is now, that under the present rate of duty
the important interests of the linseed crushers
on the sea-board cannot live, and that they do
need something more; the relative difference
should be something more, and the proposition
which has been made by my colleague to fix
twenty and thirty cents respectively I think is
one which could be fairly accepted without
doing any damage to the western interest at
all, and one which would just about save the
interests of the crushers on our shore and
really do nothing more. X am perfectly satis-
fied that under the arrangement of sixteen
cents for the seed and twenty-three cents for
the oil, withdrawing the drawback, you close
our oil factories on the sea-board.
Besides, while I am on my feet I will say in
reply to my colleague on the committee, the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,} that
my impression is that we shall benefit the rev-
enue by putting the duty at twenty cents. As
many bushels will be brought into the country
under that rate of duty as there will be if you
Eut it at sixteen cents. Consequently we shall
e doing two good things: increasing the rev-
enue and permitting the linseed crushers upon
the sea-board to exist; and without such an
arrangement I do not believe they can exist.
Therefore, although I agreed to the report, I
feel very much as if I should be glad if the
Senate would accept the suggestion of my col-
league. I think it is perfectly fair.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have a di-
vision of the question. I believe the pending
amendment embraces two propositions. It is
therefore divisible.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. It is one prop-
osition ; both branches of it go together accord-
ing to my idea.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand the facts—
and I gather all I know about them from the
debate as it has gone on—it proceeds upon the
assumption that consumers can stand a tax
equal, according to the calculation of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to sixty-
seven and a half cents a bushel on seed, be-
cause the eastern crushers are willing to have
a tax of thirty cents a gallon imposed on the
oil, and that is equal, as I understand, to about
sixty-seven and a half cents a bushel on the
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is too large a
discrimination between the business of crush-
ing in the East and in the West. My only
point is that I do not think, in a revenue tariff
bill or in any kind of a tariff bill, you ought to
make a provision especially for the purpose of
bringing this product into the country for the
mere object of manufacturing it into oil; and
that seems to me to be the view of the propo-
sition submitted by the Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN._ -I understand the
fact to be, that from necessity, two thirds of
the seed is imported because the West does not
supply it. If they would supply it we should
not want to import any.
Mr, HOWE. It is said that two thirds, or
at least more than half of this seed, is imported
from abroad. Why 1 Because we do not fur-
nish the amount required; and yet the Senator
from Oregon says it is a profitable business,
and we have untold millions of acres of land
unoccupied. Now, if it were profitable to raise
this seed, I think there are men enough out of
employ or not in profitable employ, men enough
ready here in this Congress, if it was actually
a profitable business, to take this unoccupied
land and furnish the seed that we want. Wis-
consin raises a little of this seed; Wisconsin
raises a little wool; but I do not think because
I ask not that she, but that the lands of the
United States, shall have the right to raise flax-
seed for the country tnat I am open to the
charge of defending a sectional interest. I
expect, when you get this bill perfected, to
vote for it; and yet almost every single article
in it that you tax is an article that Wisconsin
consumes and does not produce. This hap-
pens to be an exception. She does produce
something of this; she would produce more of
it if it were profitable to produce it. She does
not find that it is profitable, or she would pro-
duce more, because she has got an abandanee
of land on -syhich to produce it. While that is
the fact, I do not like to be told that you let
our lands go unoccupied and our labor unem-
ployed and import two bushels from foreign
countries while we produce one at home.
-Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.^ In the mean
time, while the West promises to produce
this seed, the eastern manufacture goes down
and perishes. We cannot make oil out of
the fair promises of the West. If the West
would produce the seed, there would be no oc-
casion to import it; but they have not done it
and just as the West encourage the eastern
manufacture at this period, just so much they
benefit themselves by creating a market for
their seed hereafter. It is a perfectly plain
proposition. Our interests arc the same.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to the Senator
from New Jersey that if you put up the duty on
the seed to thirty or forty cents a bushel, it
does not prevent you from buying it in for-
eign markets. There is a demand for po much
oil here. We must have that oil, and if it can-
not be had at one price it will at another. If
we do not perform our promise—I do not speak
now on behalf of Wisconsin, I speak on behalf
of the soil of the United States; it is the lands
that I want to be secured in the privilege of
raising this seed—if the lands do not redeem
my obligation in the first year or the second
year, the eastern crushers do not suffer, be-
cause they can bring still their seed from
abroad, and Wisconsin, which uses yopr oil,
will pay for it. We will pay the penalty.
Mr. CATTELL. But they will import it in
the oil and not in the seed. That is the very
trouble. As far as the question between the
two sections is concerned, we do not care what
amount of duty you put upon the seed pro-
vided a relative duty is put upon the oil.
Mr. HOWE. Then we are agreed; but as
I understand the calculation, the difference
provided for in this proposition exceeds very
much, according to the calculation of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, the whole cost of manufacture,
the whole cost of crushing. Whatever that dif-
ference is, I am perfectly willing should be pro-
vided for. I do not want the ail introduced
here, though. The Senator from Ohio says
that ordinarily we have only imported about
fifty thousand gallons of oil in former years.
There was a large importation last year, which
he says was owing to peculiar causes. I do
not understand it; I am no more an advocate
for the importation of oil than I am of the
seed; but I do not think either ought to be
introduced to the extent that it is said to have
been introduced last year.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. The duty that
is by this amendment suggested on the seed is
no matter of interest to the eastern manufac-
turer at all. That is put in because it is fair.
The matter that they are interested in is having
the relative duty between the seed and the on
kept so that they can live. That is all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have not much, if any,
opinion on this amendment; but as the Senate
is about to adjourn 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That they may have some-
thing to reflect on, I desire to say a word.
Commerce has been discussed here this after-
noon, and the Senator from Maine has de-
fended commerce. Sir, this is a commercial
tariff; it is made in the interest of commerce
and of the importer. It will be surprising to
Senators no doubt to be told that upon eotton
goods, instead of an increase of duty, there is
a reduction of twenty-five per cent, upon goods
that are more produced in this country than
any other one quality. Then upon goods a
little lighter than those on which there is a
twenty-five per cent, reduction there is also
another reduction of twenty-five per cent, less
than the present tariff. I desire also to state
that upon linen goods, lawns, handkerchiefs,
and the higher-priced goods, there is a similar
reduction of twenty-five cents. The Senator
has instanced Holland as being a nation that
was commercially prosperous without manu-
facturing. I appeal to history, which deter-
mines the fact to the contrary, that w-hile Hol-
land was most prosperous commercially she
was more developed in manufacturing industry
than all Europe besides. Sir, I denounce this
tariff as a commercial tariff. Instead of in-
creasing duties it reduces duties, and upon
interests now hardly able to sustain themselves.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EilXON. Mr. President, section twenty-
one, on page 107, provides for a drawback on
certain articles, namely, " Mowing-maehines,
reaping-machines, plows^ axes, hatchets,
scythes, cotton-gins, shovels, spades, hoes, hay
and manure forks, chisels, augurs, and carpen-
ters' tools." I move to amend by adding to
that list, "fire-arms, swords, and matchets."
A matchet is a species of Spanish knife which
is Very much imported.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
" " * I wish to offer an amend-
Mr. JOHNSON,
ment,
Mr. SPRAGUE.
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
not adjourn so early.
I move that the Senate
I hope the Senate will
I think we had better
sit another hour or two. We must get the bill
through some time. I call for the yeas and
aays on the motion.
