104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
Ho. op Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Nodi.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
third section. The effect of this last section
could only be to make the commanding officer
a party to such murder, or where a civilian
is thus imprisoned, by his approval to make
him liable for a false imprisonment. Sir, it is
unreasonable, it is unjust, to place any gal-
lant officer of the American Army in such a
dilemma.
Sir, I yield to no man in my admiration for
the Army of this country. We have always
had and now have an Army which compares
very favorably with that of any other country
of the civilized world. It is an Army of which
the country is and always has been justly proud.
And I am willing to avail myself of every fit-
ting opportunity to honor that Army and every
worthy member of it. And in the objection
which I make to the military jurisdiction which
is proposed to be conferred by this bill I in-
tend no reflection upon any officer or soldier
connected with that Army. But we all know
that the officers and men of our Army are
selected, not with reference to their knowledge
of municipal laws and the rights of persons and
of property, but with reference to their gal-
lantry, their bravery, and their prowess as sol-
diers in the field. Military officers are ex-
pected to have some knowledge of international
law; but they are not required, so far as I afta
advised, to give any special attention to the
local or municipal laws of the country or to the
manner of proceeding in the civil courts. They
are, therefore, not selected with reference to
this matter of civil administration, but for other
and far different purposes. And I really think
that any officer of the Army of the United
States, no matter what he might feel that his
duty required of him, would do otherwise than
very reluctantly assume the duties required of
him by this bill should it become a lajv.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I concede as fully as
any gentleman here the pressing necessity that
exists for a full and complete restoration of
this Government. Our greatest need is to be
again united and to have all the States once
more in harmony with each other and with the
Federal Government. In our present condi-
tion the power of this Government is section-
alized and localized. No measure can pass
this Congress in opposition to certain localities
and to certain interests. No one, therefore,
regrets more than I do that the majority here
have not been able to agree upon some propo-
sition or to adopt some line of policy tending
toward a speedy reunion of the whole country.
To me the process has seemed an easy one
ever since the present Congress assembled.
And that is, whenever a gentleman presents
himself as a Senator or Representative from
any one of the lately rebellious States, armed
with his proper credentials and possessing all
the necessary and proper qualifications for the
position he claims, admit him at once, and
so on, considering • each case separately if
thought more desirable, until all the States
and districts are again represented. This
once accomplished, all other minor matters
could soon be, and I have faith soon would be,
adjusted.
The majority here, however, assume that
some preliminary ana affirmative legislation is
necessary before Senators and Representatives
can be admitted from those States or before
the legal existence even of those States can
be recognized. If this be so, why has not such
legislation been adopted? Ample time has
intervened. As I have already remarked, the
majority have power to pass laws independ-
ently of the President's objections. They seem
never to have failed to pass any measure over
the President's veto when they earnestly re-
solved to do so. Why, then, this delay about
reconstruction?
First one proposition is brought forward and
then another. Each is in turn discussed and
then postponed, laid aside, or defeated. Just
before the adjournment of the last session of
this Congress certain amendments to the Con-
stitution were agreed to and submitted to the
several States for adoption. Recently, how-
ever, they too have been cast aside as insuffi-
cient for the emergency. It is now pretty well
understood that these amendments were only
a bridge to carry the majority over the late
elections. It is now claimed that more radical
measures must be resorted to, and that the
military power of the Government must be
invoked to do the work. As has been well
said by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Raymond,] a recurrence to military power in
matters of civil administration is usually the
last resort of a decaying republic.
Gentlemen on the other side will pardon me,
I hope, if I confess that the impression has
stolen upon me during our deliberations here
that complete and final reconstruction (as it
is termed) is just what a large proportion of
them do not want at this time. With the
lately seceded States unrepresented and un-
counted in the Electoral College the majority
stand a good chance for a new lease of power
in 1868. With these States represented and
their votes counted it is not so certain with
them. In this I do not intend to impute cor-
rupt or base motives to any one. Gentlemen
undoubtedly believe that the policy of procras-
tination is the better policy, else they would
not adopt it. All seem to be anxious that
something looking to restoration ought to be
done, yet nothing efficient for any practical
purpose is done. Now, is there not some pur-
pose in this seeming disagreement? Some gen-
tlemen of the majority have reluctantly admit-
ted of late that Congress has no affirmative
policy on the subject. They denounce the
President for having a policy, but adopt none
themselves. I have therefore come to the
deliberate conclusion that the long talked of
policy of Congress in regard to this subject
simply means no policy and indefinite procras-
tination. By this means this question of
reconstruction will again be thrown as a foot-
ball into the canvas3 of 1868. I have also
ceased to expect that any practical measure of
reconstruction will be adopted or at most be
allowed to go into full effect until after the
next presidential election. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has had
the candor to announce, on more than one
occasion I believe, that the continued ascend-
ency of his party is a matter to be provided for
at almost every hazard, and that to that end
the majority are justified in using all the pow-
ers in the possession of Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are many methods
of carrying an election, there are many means
that may be used to perpetuate party ascend-
ency ; but the last five or six years have dem-
onstrated that one of the surest means of car-
rying an election is not to allow your opponents
to vote. This the majority doubtless well
understand. Hence perhaps we ought not to
expect them to place ballots within the reach
of those whose votes they may not be able to
control.
Then, again, high tariffs and other monopoly
interests are holding high carnival in the pres-
ent divided and disorganized condition of the
country. With the States all represented in
Congress they might not fare so well. Better
let well enough alone, say some who bfelieve
in those things, and they are in no haste about
reconstruction. Thus it is, sir, that the high-
est and dearest interests of this country are
made subordinate to party exigencies and to
special and particular interests. No wonder,
then, that trade languishes and commerce
declines.
I hope, sir, I am mistaken in some of the
predictions I have made to-day. If I shall find
that I am, none will be more rejoiced than I
will be. Hoping all things, trusting all things,
I shall await with intense interest the result
of this measure and of everything else affect-
ing the unity and prosperity of this great
country.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. T. E. NOELL,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States— •
Mr. NOELL said :
Mr. Speaker : It is said that liberty dwells in
the mountains. Nations which are poor have
more patriotism than those which are wealthy.
The accumulation of wealth begets corruption.
The mass of the people were always strong
enough to vindicate their rights, but the wealth
of tyrants has always been too strong for a cor-
rupted people. It is said that republics are
short-lived; "whom the gods love die young."
History bears sad testimony to the incapacity of
people to preserve free Governments when they
have grown wealthy. Csesar never could have
risen to power except upon the bended necks of
a people whom he could buy with largess. Nobl'e
patricians feasted on nightingales' tongues and
oppressed the poor of the once proud Roman
republic. When the two great tribunes, Tibe-
rius and Caius Gracchus, called upon the people
to strike for their rights, they were murdered
by popular mobs incited by patrician largess.
The Constitution of the United States was a
patriotic reaction against the tyranny of George
III. Our forefathers lived ina wilderness and
had among them no upper-ten to corrupt the
lower million. But now no man can sustain
himself as a popular leader unless he seeks to
promote some private interest at the expense
of the general welfare. The Constitution which
cost such sacrifice is to be destroyed. We are
to forget the lesson taught us by the sufferings
of our forefathers. We are to abandon a free
Government and retrace our steps through the
blood of the late rebellion to a commercial
despotism. The whole theory of the Govern-
ment is to be changed. Governments do not
derive their powers from the consent of the
governed. Its powers are delegated by the all-
powerful military arm of a central despotism.
The military is no longer to be subordinate to
the civil, bat armed provost marshals, with
shining shoulder-straps, with pistols and sabers
girded on their waists, are to invade the sacred
precincts of justice, and before their unlimited
power the vanquished citizens of ten States of
this Union are to stand with hats off to await
whatever the caprice of a martinet may inflict
upon them.
Hitherto the meanest felon in the land or the
most helpless citizen was guarantied the bene-
fits of the Constitution of the United States.
The infant child's property could not be taken
in violation of the Constitution. The man who
had murdered his mother, his wife, or his child
could still appeal to the Constitution of the
United States, and wo to those who denied him
its benefits ! But the Constitution is now swept
away by the unwritten constitution of mob law.
Minorities have no rights. Congress wishes to
make Grant President, and with his approba-
tion he is first constituted military dictator.
Henceforth in our political conflicts the spec-
ters of Marius and Sylla will rise in our midst.
Vce victis is our motto.
It was a sublime sight to see a million brave
men rally to the call of the President of the
Republic, to see a million strong arms raised
in solemn oath to do battle for the Constitu-
tion, to see a million republican soldiers fight-
ing and falling for the liberties of onr common
country; for the liberties even of the enemies
ranged breast to breast and muzzle to muzzle
against them. Our soldiers did their duty nobly,
and their days of battle are over. Now we have
a new war—the war of the politicians. Water-
loo bad its Thenardier. There are followers to
every army, who prowl about and rob the bodies
