1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
ings and specifications of the proposed changes,
and this was the main cause of their loss. I
think there should be 110 objection to the Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. McKEE. As a member of the com-
mittee to whom this subject has been referred,
and not exactly agreeing with the substitute
for the Senate bill, I feel it to be my duty
to say a few words in regard to this mat-
ter. While I agree very fully, and I believe
the committee in this were unanimous, in the
reasons upon which they made up their minds
that the Senate bill was an unfair settlement
of this question, I do not agree in the substi-
tute reported by that committee. My reasons
I will give briefly. In the first place these con-
tractors for these vessels-of-war all stand upon
the same footing, with the slight difference in
a few instances that the Government in these
contracts had no reservation for changes of
plans and specifications. The original resolu-
tion of the Senate of March, 1805, when these
contractors went before that body demanding
relief, provided for a board to be appointed by
the Navy Department to examine into and
report the exact jmount of loss accruing to
each of the contractors for the building of war
vessels and steam machinery made during
the years 1862 and 1863. These contractors
claimed to have incurred loss from various
causes, loss from rise in material, loss from
interference on the part of the Government,
loss because in some instances the Government
seized their yards, loss from the fact that the
labor they needed was taken by the Govern-
ment and appropriated to its own purposes.
The committee agreed on this general rule,
which I think is sound, that where the con-
tractor suffered loss from the direct fault of
the Government he shall be paid.
That is the rule laid down by the committee
upon which they make their report. The
objection to the Senate bill was that it applied
a partial rule; that while it recognized the
justice of the claims of the contractors to a
certain amount for losses sustained, it proposed
an unequal remuneration, whereby some got
more than the amount of their claim, while
others got but a very small part.
I concurred with the committee in their
objection to the rule adopted by the Senate;
but when we come back to the principle laid
down in the report of the majority of the House
committee, that the contractors shall be paid
for losses accruing to them by the direct inter-
ference of the Government, and when the com-
mittee make a report which contains a very
few of these contractors, leaving the whole of
the rest out, I cannot agree with them. The
resolution submitted by the committee as a
substitute embraces simply a few iron-clad
vessels. The original resolution of the Senate
committee embraced all the contracts for iron-
clads and machineryiu 1862 and 1863. There
are perhaps not more than ten or twelve cases
embraced in the report of the Committee of
Claims; the rest are summarily thrown out,
and that, too, in the face of the declaration
made in the report that if these men had lost
by the fault of the Government they should be
paid.
Now, sir, so far as the claimants for the iron-
clads are concerned, I do not wish to say one
word against them, because they have_ suffered
the greatest amount of loss on their work.
This country had never had an iron-clad navy
before, and the work of building iron-clad
vessels was experimental in great part. On
account of the fact that changes were neces-
sarily continually to be made in the construction
of these vessels the Government saw fit to re-
serve the right to make these changes, with a
stipulation that it would pay for the additional
cost occasioned thereby. For that increased
cost the Government claims to have settled.
But while it claims to have settled for the ad-
ditional work, it is not pretended on the part
of the Government that it has ever paid one
dollar for the additional cost added to the
construction of the vessels on account of the
change. By the rule adopted by the committee
the Government is held to be liable for that.
The builders of irou-clads were the heaviest
losers. Theywere to get the most in theSenate
resolution. The builders of the double-enders
have suffered very largely and they have suffered
on this account; when the contracts for the
machinery of some sixteen wooden double-
enders were made it was given out that the
machinery was to be, for the class of vessels
built after the plan or model of the Paul Jones.
When, however, the specifications were fur-
nished for the machinery the contractors found
that the weight of metal required was more than
double. Now, should these men be turned out
with nothing on that account? Not at all. Yet
that is the proposition of the committee. They
propose to exclude everything but iron-clads,
and they do not embrace even all these.
The report of the committee is objectionable
in my view on one other ground. It provides
for a board to report to the next Congress
which will have to examine the matter again.
I ask gentlemen to consider in what better
position they will be after they have a report
made than they are now? Such an investiga-
tion has already been made, approved by the
Navy Department, referred to the Congress of
the United States, and now it is proposed to
go over the same ground once more and bring
these men right back to the same point where
they are to-day.
WJ at is the alleged reason for giving Con-
gress the supervising power over the award
made by the Naval Bureau? Gentlemen seem
unwilling to trust the Department with this
matter. Well, sir, in all matters of this kind
of course humanity is liable to err, but so far
as I am concerned individually I do not hesi-
tate to say that I believe the Government would
mete out justice just as well through any of
its Departments as through the Congress of the
United States. What interest ha,ve they in the
matter? These men are appointed by the
Navy Department, wholly uninterested, to ex-
amine into and report upon this matter. They
are paid officers of the Government. They
receive a salary, get nothing for this work,
and as a matter of course, as discreet men—
and it is presumed only such would be se-
lected for that purpose—their report is pre-
sumed to be a fair one.
But take for granted that it is unfair; what
does this Congress know about it ? When it
comes here you take up a vast mass of paper,
running over many pages, showing all the
specifications, all the items, all the allowances ;
and what member of Congress, what member
of the committee, knows whether it is right or
wrong? After all, you are reduced to the
necessity of making up your report on the
award made in pursuance of the examination
by the naval board.
Therefore I object to the report of the com-
mittee. I desire this thing ended; and the
substitute that I have offered from the minor-
ity of the committee provides for an examina-
tion by a competent board. It provides that
an examination shall be made by this board,
and that nothing shall be taken into account
in that examination except the actual cost to
the contractors, over and above the contract
price—extra cost afising from the acts of the
Government itself; and it provides that then,
after that examination, payment shall be made.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know that there are a
great many men in Congress and out of it who
raise up their hands in holyliorror whenever
such a thing as an appropriation is mentioned;
and I appreciate their feeling in regard to the
public Treasury, and appreciate their feeling
that it is our duty to regulate our expenditures
by rales of the strictest economy. But what
kind of economy is that which leads a great
nation, when its life is imperiled, when its very
existence is at stake, to summon its citizens to
aid in its defense, and then, when ifc has been
saved through their exertions and sacrifices,
to turn to them and say, "Yes, you have done
well, and I know that in my service you have
suffered great loss, but I cannot think of pay-
ing you anything?'1 That is such economy as
no liberal-minded man would adopt in dealing
with his fellow, and certainly it is not the
economy of a liberal and great nation.
With the gentleman from Vermont, I might
well ask the House and the country, where
would we be now but for the noble Navy cre-
ated by these men ?
But I am met by the question, "Why did
not these men withdraw from their contracts
when they found they were going to lose?"
Sir, they had no option in the matter. They
had the establishments for the construction of
these naval vessels, and it needed but a nod
from the head of the Department to authorize
the United States authorities to pounce upon
these yards and take possession of them and
run them on their own account, as they did on
more than one or two occasions. Therefore,
I say, these men had no option.
But besides, they were liberal-minded, patri-
otic men, desirous of serving their country,
and they went on under the assurance that
they would be reimbursed by the Government,,
to the amount of whatever actual losses they
might suffer—to the amount of their actual
losses, I say, and that is all they ask now. We
do not want these men to make profit out of
the Government; they do not ask that them-
selves ; but we have the sworn testimony and
the figures showing the amounts that they act-
ually lost in this way, and that is what they ask
the Government to make good.
Now, Mr. Speaker, some of these naval con-
tractors have already been relieved. We pro-
pose in this case only to follow the rule laid
down by Congress in 1864 in the case of
Ericsson, the builder of the Dictator and the
Puritan. That contractor found that he was
going to suffer severe loss under his contract,
and Congress came in and by a joint resolution
provided that he should be paid by the Govern-
ment for whatever actual loss he incurred.
We only propose to follow the just action of
Congress in that case.
Talk about the Government being thus
involved in the expenditure of a million of
dollars.
What are one million or ten million dollars
compared with the great Navy that we now
have upon the seas, which enables us to defy
the world, and the creation of which is so
largely due to the enterprise of these men who
have suffered such heavy losses?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sloan] is again entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SLOAN. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to inquire if an
amendment would be in order.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order;
the House is now acting under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not propose to occupy more than a few
moments upon this question. I desire to
explain to the House the position in which the
question is, so that they may understand the
action of the committee.
Now, I do not know that any report of the
committee upon this question will affect the
vote of the House at all. It has been said and
reiterated time and again to the committee,
by the multitudes who are interested in this
bill, that if they could only get the committee
to bring it before the House, they knew their
men there, so that whatever might be the
report of the committee they knew they could
carry through the House any measure that they
desired. If that be the situation of the ques-
tion, all I can say is that any report that may
be made by the committee, and anything that
may be said here pro or con., is simply time
But the gentleman from Vermont, who
appears here as the advocate of this measure,
says that we ought to act in this matter as any
generous, liberal-minded man would act in
dealing with his fellow-man.
Now, that is not the principle upon which
your committee have acted. A liberal-mmded
