1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
71B
ready to grant land or money for education
when we can have assurance that the land and
money granted will be devoted to universal
education, the education of all, whether white
or black.
Mr. LB BLOND. I desire to say to my
friend that I think he has mistaken the object
of this grant for educational purposes. It is a
grant for the benefit of the youth of the States
and Territories, and not for the benefit of the
States or the Territories proper.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, the answer
to that is that it is not the youth themselves
who are to assemble in their Legislatures and
appropriate .the proceeds of the land we may
grant; it is the fathers. If this land should be
granted to South Carolina for the education
of her youth, the fathers in that State—traitors
still in spirit, I regret to say—would vote away
this land for purposes foreign to those designed
by Congress, or would put it forever beyond
the reach of the poor and loyal people of those
States. I will ask the gentleman whether he
would be willing to extend the benefits of edu-
cation universally to the people of those States
that he is now pleading for.
Mr. LE BLOND. Universally?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. That means to the
negroes ?
Mr. GRINNELL. To all.
Mr. LE BLOND. Why, sir, I should leave
that question to the States, where it belongs.
However they might decide it I should be con-
tent.
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir; and the gen-
tleman in leaving it to the States knows that
those States would hunt down the black man
because he is loyal and poor—would not place
the spelling-book in their hands. He knows
that those States would establish bo institution
for the promotion of agriculture in which the
laborers who hew down the forests and reap-
the fielde would enjoy any advantages.
Mr. JOHNSON, I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Gkinnell] whether
any condition was imposed upon Pennsylvania
or any.of the northern States as to the class of
persons to be educated under this grant?
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir; but Pennsyl-
vania was a loyal State; Pennsylvania was not
on trial before the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. But my colleague [Mr.
Stevens] says that Pennsylvania must be re-
constructed.
Mr^ GRINNELL. Pennsylvania had an
educational institution, an agricultural college,
which will be supported the better, I trust, by
reason of this donation. On the other hand,
the States that engaged in the rebellion are
not asking this act of liberality from Congress.
They are not in a condition to receive it. They
mast first reconstruct themselves on a loyal
basis before they can be entitled to any favors
at the hands of Congress.
Mr. BID WELL. I yield five minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kisllbt.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I think that
the very languageof the law to which this reso-
lution refers demands that we should adopt it.
I think, too, that the course of things in Ten-
nessee demands it. Congress made provision
for the education of the youth of the country
by means of agricultural colleges or universi-
ties, and in doing so declared that States
should be the trustees of the fund. _ Tennessee
is a State with her representatives in this Hall
and in the Senate Chamber. More than that,
sir, she has shown her fitness as a State to
administer a fund of this kind. Shehas es-
tablished an educational system which em-
braces all her people, and I see by the papers
of to-day that that is to be the governing law
of all her institutions. She is organizing a
militia with cavalry regiments for each county,
and is enrolling alike the black and the white
citizen to serve side by side in the cause of
order and law.
Therefore I say there is a trustee that may
accept the fund for Tennessee. But I affirm
that gentlemen use erroneous terms when they
speak of ten other "States." There is no
other "State" to which the resolution under
consideration will apply. There is no " State''
of South Carolina or of Georgia or of Texas.
There were State governments there \ but thiey
were overthrown. Andrew Johnson—not a
very good authority in general, but one that
may be accepted on this point—has told the
world that the people of what were those
" States" have been deprived of all civil gov-
ernment. Since the overthrow of those States
took plaee the law-making power has never
reorganized them. The bastard States, as they
are called, are but a work of usurpation, and
are in the hands of people who have shown
themselves, not only once, but a hundred times,
unfit to administer a fund for educational pur-
poses. Sir, the statute-books of the country
are swollen with grants of land to the old
southern States for educational purposes; and
I challenge gentlemen to show that any one of
the grants was ever faithfully administered and
applied within those ten overthrown States.
As much land has been given to the south-
ern States for educational purposes as to those
of the North, and yet where are their common
schools? They had none, bat they had laws
prohibiting Christian benevolence from teach-
ing children or adults to read the Lord's
Prayer and the Ten Commandments, while
they were squandering rich grants of lands
made for educational purposes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot in a five minutes'
speech.
Mr. Speaker, how is it that if such grants
were faithfully applied whole regiments of
white soldiers in tne confederate army, when
called upon to sign their names, had to employ
other than their own hands, and to attest the
signatures by their marks ? Why? Because the
men who are wielding Andrew Johnson's usurp-
ations had corruptly used for other purposes,
private or public, the grants of land for educa-
tional, common school, college, and university
purposes. The intellectual eyes of the masses
of the South were put out; their intellects
were benumbed ; their passions were excited
by the men to whom we are asked now to grant
lands for educational purposes. Sir, a man
who has proven himself to be a false trustee
shall never by my vote be made the custodian
of a trust for the people of the South, or any
State which may be established there. I shall
vote for the resolution making the grant to
Tennessee. Her schools, like her militia, are
to be open to every child born in the Common-
wealth or coming to it as an immigrant. There-
fore let us give this land to her; and let us
show to the people of the insurrectionary dis-
tricts that when they too shall have organized
republican constitutions such as the Congress
of the United States can accept these benefi-
cent grants will be open to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BID WELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Minnesota, to submit an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, The grant of land so made by the act to
which this refers and is amendatory shall be held by
the State of Tennessee subject to this condition:
that no person shall ever be employed as a professor
or teacher in the said agricultural college for the
State of Tennessee who ever held any military or
civil office in the so-called confederate government
or in the rebel government of Tennessee.
Mr. BID WELL. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on it.
Mr. BID WELL. I will give the gentleman
five minutes after the previous question has
been seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, who reported the bill, is now entitled to
one hour in which to close the debate.
Mr. BID WELL. In reference to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Minne-
sota, I have only to say that I consider the
bill all right without it; but there can be no-
serious objection to it with it. The State of
Tennessee is loyal to-day, and I entertain the
hope she will ever remain- so ; but if there be-
any doubt of it, if there be any fear the State
of Tennessee may at some time fall into the
hands of those who entertain rebellious senti-
ments against the Government, then as a safe-
guard I will not object to the amendment of •
the gentleman from Minnesota. Still, I am
not tenacious of the amendment. I will now
yield for a short time to the gentleman from
Tennessee. I am pressed on all sid$s to eall
for a vote.
Mr. HILL. I wish to move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
seconded if it be decided that the result will
be now to give the Judiciary Committee three
instead of two morning hours.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be made
after the hour of the gentleman from California.
Mr. BIDWELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee five minutes.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, the original
resolution as reported by the committee in my
opinion should be adopted. I think it is neces-
sary and right that it should be. By the act
of 1862 the donation of land was made to
Tennessee, but owing to the rebellion the
Legislature of that State did not accept it
within the two years provided by the act. By
the act of 1866 that limit was extended alone to
those States at that time represented upon the
floors of Congress. The State of Tennessee
was not then represented, and that grant thus
made to the State fell through ; and now, sir,
unless the time be extended to the State to
accept it we shall lose the grant. This gives
the proper authority, and that is all we ask.
Mr. Speaker, I differ widely with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] in the
views he has presented to this House in regard
to these questions, but that does not inter-
fere with my voting for a proposition right in
itself, and when he charges the President of
the United States as a usurper, if it were per-
mitted I would say, as Marmion said to Lord
Douglas—
" Lord Angus, thou hast lied."
I believe the resolution to beright, and I ask
the House to adopt it.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Chaxlepv.]
Mr. CHANLER. I cannot allow an oppor-
tunity so favorable as this for advocating the
cause of universal education to pass without
saying a word.' I must point to the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] as the barrier to universal education
on this question to-day. I support the resolu-
tion, and ask for its extension to the people of
this Union without regard to sex, race, or
color. I ask it for the benefit which wo all
know education confers upon the people in
every walk of life. But the policy suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
debar the children of the southern States from
the advantages of education, so necessary for
the management of their own affairs and for
their defense against the force of armed militia
under the Republican organization, which is
sought to be imposed upon the southern States.
Sir, what is the core, the center, the vital
principle of that organization as declared by
its journal in this city? It is that none but
soldiers are to be elected to opice by the suf-
frages of the grand army of the Republic. It
is an easy transition from the milit^i organiza-
tion to the ballot-box, and the tenacity and
persistency of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia in excluding the white race from the
advantages of education will, if successful,
result in the degradation of the white men in
the southern States. If his system has any
other object, let him declare it. If the policy
of this Government is to extend the benefits
of education to all, then in the name of the
Constitution, which is based upon the intelli-
