716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lie welfare to sweep away these local govern-
ments which have now for nearly two years
been discharging, more or less perfectly, the
functions of government for the people of
these southern States? I tak& it for granted
that every one who hears me will concede that
it is an absolute necessity that every commu-
oifcy should have at all times an organized
government of some kind fur the enactment
and enforcement of law. Any government is
always better than nagovernoient. Despotism
is always better than anarchy. The govern-
ment of the King of Dahomey is better for the
people of Dahomey than no government, no
authority, no control whatever would be. Now,
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] proposes to abolish all the
governments in these southern States, to de-
clare all the laws they have enacted to be
absolutely null and void, and to leave them
for a certain time absolutely without govern-
ment or law of any kind.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman is
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly, for correction
if 1 have made an erroneous statement.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is first to be in
a provisional condition, and then the provis-
ional government elected by the constitational
convention are to administer the State govern-
ment until a constitutional government is recog-
nized hy Congress.
Mr. BAYMQND. If I understand it, the
first section of the bill annuls absolutely all
those governments now existing, and declares
- all the laws which they have enacted to be ab-
solutely null and void. This takes effect as
soon as the hill becomes a law, and subsequent
sections provide that the conventions to be
elected under this law may appoint provisional
governors and cotamissioaers, who shall admin-
ister the government until the constitution, to
be framed, adopted, and ratified by Congress,
shall take effect. But between the date of the
passage of this act and the action of the con-
ventions to be elected under it, the govern-
ments now existing are abolished and their
laws nullified, and no provision whatever is
made for any authority in their place. There
is to be an interregnum extending from the
date of this act to the appointment of provis-
ional governors by the con vention to be elected
under it, and for that time the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio makes absolutely no provis-
ion whatever.
Bat, as I was saying, it is an absolute neces-
sity that every community should have at all
times some government, some law, whatever
its origin and whatever its character. The gov-
ernments now existing in the South are in the
actual daily discharge of governmental func-
tions. They are making laws for the govern-
ment and control of their people. They are
providing for the punishmeut of crime, for the
enforcement of contracts, for the transfer of
property, for the regulation of civil relations,
l'or the thousand transactions of common life.
It is urged that these laws are not equal; that
thoy are unjust, inadequate to the protection of
thelives, liberties, andproperty of their people;
that those of their people who have been true
to the nation during the recent war, and espe-
cially tho^se of the negro race, are not protected
in their rights.
I admit there is ground for this complaint.
I believe it to be true that crimes are of daily
occurrence in many sections of the southern
States which are shocking to humanity, and
which call loudly for redress. And it is greatly
to the discredit of these governments, it is
well calculated to arouse against them the hos-
tility of men who love justice and equal rights
everywhere, that they tolerate such outrages
and crimes within the territory subject to their
jurisdiction. It is proposed by this bill that we
shall suspend the habeas corpus and substitute
martial law over all this territory instead of the
State governments; in other words, that the
authority and direct power of the nation shall
take the place of the governments which now
exist in the South. I submit, in the first place,
that this act will not remedy the evil; it will
not give the security required, even if it should
become a law. It must be remembered that
the Federal Government already has full au-
thority to interpose its power for the protection
of the people whose lives and liberty are in
jeopardy in all the region embraced in the re-
bellion. The Freedmen's Bureau bill and the
civil rights bill passed at the last session, and
which are now in force aa laws, both authorize
the direct interference of the Government of
the United States for the protection of the civil
rights ofthe people of all that territory against
or in default of the local authorities and with-
out distinction of race or color.
But it is said these laws are not sufficient
because they depend for their execution upon
the President'of the United States, and he is
opposed to the principle of those laws, and
therefore is lax in their execution. Now with-
out raising any question as to the matter.of
fact, I submit that martial law, if declared, is
subject to exactly the same contingency. The
President of the United States is Commander-
in-Chief of the Army; if martial law should
be declared, its execution devolves upon him,
and if he will not execute these, what right
have we to assume or presume that he will
execute that ? I do not see, therefore, that we
should gain any additional security for those
great interests which justly deserve our care
by the enactment of martial law.
So much, sir, for the practical operation of
this section of the bill if it should become a law.
But behind all this arises in my mind this
objection: that we have not the power under
existing circumstances to declare martial law
over that territory. The Constitution in the
ninth section of the first article declares that—
" The privilege of thi writ of habeas corpus shall
not he suspended, unless wben, in oases of rebellion
or invasion, the public safety may require it."
The privilege of habeas corpus is not sus-
pended in that section now. It is enjoyed
by all the people of that territory. It was
suspended during the war, but it has since
been restored by direct proclamation of the
Executive, authorized by law. If it is to be
suspended now, therefore, it must be by an
original exercise of power on our part, and if
we are to be governed by the Constitution we
must confine ourselves to the specific contin-
gencies which alone, according to the Consti-
tution of the United States allow its suspen-
sion. Those contingencies are, first, that there
shall exist a case either of rebellion or inva-
sion, and secondly, that in consequence of that
rebellion or invasion the public safety shall
require its suspension.
Now, there certainly is no invasion in those
States, and I think there is no rebellion there,*
though upon that .point different opinions are
held, some maintaining that constructively at
least and in contemplation of law the state of
rebellion still exists. I will not stop to argue
that point; but certainly there is no such re-
bellion existing there at the present moment
as endangers the public safety, for that means
something more than the safety and rights of
individualmembers ofthe communityit means
the public safety—the safety of the hation, of
the whole public, or body politic and corpo-
rate. That certainly is not endangered. That
certainly does not require that the privilege of
this writ should be suspended. I do not see,
therefore, how, if this provision of the Consti-
tution is to control our action here, we can
possibly find authority to suspend this writ and
declare martial law over that territory, as this
bill proposes to do. I think I run no risk in
saying that it is absolutely certain that any
such law enacted by us would be declared
null and void by the Supreme Court of the
United States upon the first case arising under
it that should, come before that tribunal.
I have thus examined the first provision of
the bill as it now stands. As originally intro-
duced by the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania, it proposed to give validity to the
existing governments, to sanction their laws,
until they should be replaced by other govern-
ments, to be formed under our authority. That
provision was, in my judgment, just and wise,
far better adapted to the necessities of the ease
than the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,} which he accepted,
which encounters, as I have endeavored to
show, not only serious objections on the score
of poliey, but the direct and explicit prohibi-
tions of the Constitution.
The bill wovides in the next place for the
organization^new governments in those States
under authority of Congress. It prescribes the
qualifications of suffrage in the election of
delegates, and dictates certain provisions of
law which must be embodied in the constitu-
tions they may form before they can even be
submitted to Congress for ratification. The
learned member from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
in his very able argument submitted to the
House a few days since, objected- to this as a
substantial denial of the right of petition to
the people of those States—a right which
belongs to every citizen within the limits or
jurisffiction of the United States. If they are
States within the Union, I think it also ill
direct conflict with the second section of the
first article of the Constitution, which expressly
gives to the States absolute and exclusive power
to fix the qualifications of suffrage within their
limits.
Whether they are States within the Union
or not is a point I shall net argue now. I
have given on previous occasions my reasons
for believing that they are. But if they are,
they can only be so under and by virtue of the
Constitution, and I eonfess my inability to see
why, in that case, they do not come under all
the provisions of that instrument. " Eitberthey
are States of the Union, thus clothed with
such functions and duties as the Constitution
confers upon States of the Union, or they are
not States at all, but conquered provinces,
subject solely and absolutely to the will of the
national authority. One or the other of these
positions must be true. I cannot, with all
my disposition so to do, perceive the force of
the argument by which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] sought to show that they
are still States for some purposes but not for
others, that they are States for Federal pur-
poses but not for purposes of local govern-
ment, that they may ratify amendments to the
national Constitution, but cannot make laws for
their own government. I cannot perceive any
basis for such a distinction either in the lan-
guage or the spirit of the Constitution. This
bill treats them as conquered provinces. If
they are, we have the right to deal with them
as this bill proposes to do. But I have here-
tofore discussed this point so much at length
that I will not again enter upon it at thejresent
time. I have only to say that I havefpen no
reason to change my original opinion, nothing
in any quarter to refute the doctrine laid down
by a very learned and distinguished judge of
the State of Massachusetts in the decision of
a case that came before him: that the war for
the suppression of the rebellion could not give
the Government the rights of conquest, nor
could it authorize us to divest a State of all
political privileges and treat it as foreign ter-
ritory acquired by arms.
The same considerations apply with still
greater force to the third of the provisions of
this bill, which provides that if at any time
after readmission any of these States ^ shall
abrogate, alter, or change any ofthe provisions
which this bill requires them to ingraft upon
their constitutions; that State shall thereby and
thereupon forfeit its right to representation in
Congress. Afteradmission they become States
of the Union, and will be, beyond all doubt,
upon a footing of perfect equality with all the
other States. The national Government can-
not have power, in my judgment, thus to infiet
upon them terms and penalties which it can-
not also inflict upon any and all of the other
States of the Union. And with this statement
of my views upon that point, as my time is too
