1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1U
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Noell.
Ho. of Reps.
aspirations are subdued by careful teaching.
Have you ever considered that the minds of the
young can be molded like wax? Compt6, in
his Positive Philosophy, says.that conscience
and taste are creatures of education. Take
two children exactly alike, and the circum-
stances which surround them in childhood will
make one a saint and the other a sinner. The
mind of a woman is regarded as a secondary
consideration. The study of cosmetics engages
her whole attention. Mathematics is a hidden
book to her, and she learns geography only at
the watering places. She learns French in
order to perplex the male sex by throwing gib-
berish in their teeth. She learns to soak lith-
ographs in turpentine and daub them over with
variegated colors, not so brilliant as those of
the rainbow, but much more solid, and then
she asks you how you like her painting. I
have been crucified fifty times by being called
on to admire these hideous " efforts of genius."
She learns to make wax-flowers, making a
wonderful improvement on nature", there being
no withered petals nor worm-eaten leaves in
wax-flowers. She learns the mysteries of bot-
any, and talks so glibly of shooting shrubs
and pistils that you become apprehensive lest
she should touch off a bouquet at your devoted
breast. She learns from her botany that charm-
ing dialect known as the language of flowers.
If yon give a young lady a flower she invaria-
bly blushes and asks you "Do you mean it?"
If you give her a pink she knows that in your
eyes she is the pink of perfection. If a rose,
she is sweet sixteen.
If in a pleasant walk through the woods on
a May morning a sweet nymph, over whose
head thirtysummers have shed their brightness,
should hand you a violet, she means that she is
too young to leave her mother. If a scrawny
matron of fifty hands a bellicose old codger a
sprig of sunflower, it is a gentle hint that she
is '"fat and forty." Bear in mind that two-
score and ten does not deprive widows of sen-
timentality.
" Old aee ne'er cools a widow's blood."
If a buxom maid who weighs ten stones
hands you a "touch-me-not" she intimates
that she is a frail thing, and mutely beseeches
you not to crush her. If you walk in the gar-
den with an old maid whose personal charms
are in the inverse ratio of her fears of attack
upon her purity, be careful not to give her a
poppy. She will immediately take fright and
ask you to "spare her honor." If an old
bachelor, in attempting to play the gallant,
should pluck a daffodil and present it to a
widow, she will faint in his arms, and he will
* find himself like the venerable Mr. Pickwick,
with his head in the matrimonial noose—for
all unwittingly he has said " Will you marry
me?" and she has by this widowly pantomime
signified that " Barkis is willin'." If a laugh-
ing girl, with a rosy, pouting mouth, gives you
a tulip, she means "kiss me if you can and
I would not give much for a man that could
not.
A few years ago the girls had a great fancy
for phrenology. They discoursed wisely on
bumps and temperaments. They freely per-
mitted male gawks to fumble over their jaunty
little heads and discourse on their bumps. I
confess to having read Lavater, and who would
not when such were the inducements? What
a glorious privilege to hold in your hand these
beautiful temples of divinity! To think, too,
of the magic fancies, the bright dreams, the
quaint oddities, and little schemes that have
flitted through ihe teeming brain within. But
now these heads are sacredly guarded from
the touch of rude fingers. If you attempt to
caress a girl by stroking her front hair, she will
cry out, "Take care of my rats!" or if you
attempt to touch the back of her head you are
rolled away to an illimitable distance by a
resistless waterfall.
Girls have another highly intellectual diver-
sion, telling fortunes. The art of divination
has always been appropriated by the women.
The sibylline books were written by a woman.
The oracle of Delphi was a woman. In the
ancient times in Greece and Rome the women,
as a class, were oppressed as they now are,
but having a great knack of knowing secrets
and being skilled in the art of foretelling
events they became divinities. As late as
the eleventh century a temple was erected at
Venice for the worship of Joan of Aragon. :
It was at first erected for the joint worship
of herself and her cousin, Duchess of Gnise ;
but it being suggested that two female divini- ;
ties could not dwell in harmony together it \
was dedicated to her alone. No astonishing
occurrence was ever related to a woman that ;
she did not invariably reply, " I told you so." !
A man once informed his wife that the cow
had swallowed the grindstone. "Yes," says -
she, " that's always the way. I told you yester- !
day the old cow would swallow that grindstone.'' j
Among the gipsies the women tell the fortunes. ]
In the New England States a century ago J
nearly every door had a horseshoe nailed over j
it to guard it from the sj>ells and enchantments j
of the old women who were regarded as witches. ;
If a woman were old and ugly thisi was prima
facie evidence that she was a witch, and it
required but an idiot's tale to send her to the
gallows. Our Puritan forefathers were as mer-
ciless in exterminating old women as their
descendants are in exterminating rebels.
On one occasion eight persons were huug in
a lot. As they swung in the air Parson Noise
pointed to them exultingly and said, "There
hang eight firebrands of hell." _ But our Puri-
tan forefathers were like their descendants,
God-fearing people; and whether they engaged
in burning old women, murdering Indians, or
kidnapping negroes and selling tlietn into sla-
very, they found Scripture for it all. And
whether these Puritans were banishing Roger
Williams, squelching Mrs. Hutchinson, perse-
cuting Quakers, disfranchising all persons not
belonging to their church, or whether disfran-
chising rebels and enfranchising negroes, sell-
ing white women to Virginia planters or eman-
cipating slaves which their ancestors had
kidnapped, there is always the same valid
reason, " Thus saith the Lord!"
But I was speaking of the faculty which
women enjoy of fortune-telling. At an evening
party, when gossip has been exhausted and the
women whose^fcountenances are excruciatingly
ugly have been several times told by nice young
men that they look charming; when the weather
has been fully discussed; when one half of the
party have emphatically said, "This is a fine
evening, " and the other half have replied with
equal emphasis, "Delightful," so that there
can be no cavil or doubt about its being delight-
ful ; when silence has ensued and some one of
the party has made that facetious and original
remark, "Quaker meeting," a young lady
fixes her eyes on a susceptible young man and
sayst "Adolphus, can you tell fortunes?" In
a twitter of excitement he replies, " No, Zu-
leika; can you V' She answers, "A little,'' and
draws up to the table. She knows of a rival
to whom Adolphus pays occasional visits. In
a dextrous turn of the cards she makes him in
love with her brunette rival. The cards de-
scribe her person accurately, and disclose some
things new to Adolphus. The rival has a
catarrh in her nose and has false teeth; she
wears plumpers in her mouth, and her heart
is guarded by the same defenses as those
behind which General Jackson so successfully
repulsed the assaults of Pakenham at New
Orleans. Thus the meek-eyed Zuleika dissects
her rival divinity to the great amazement of
Adolphus. Then the cards tell of one who
loves Adolphus; and the cards describe Zu-
leika. The fates leave to Adolphus the priv-
ilege of a choice between the two rivals. If he
marries the dissected he is to have storms in
the morning and hurricanes at night, and die
poor and childless. If he marries the fortune-
teller he will be worshiped by her through
life, he will accumulate riches and have nine
children, (that is the magic number that all
men aspire to,) who will live to bless his old
age. The trick of telling fortunes is a good
thing if well followed up. Gamblers run horses,
astronomers make almanacs, politicians predict
elections, and girls tell fortunes. Which is the
most uncertain ?
Next in the order of female accomplishments
is music. Many an old bachelor has been
devoured by the sirens. A writer in the Spec-
tator said that marriages were more frequent
in the spring than any other season; that the
system was warmed up and a redundancy of
animal heat inflamed the amatory passions.
But music will thaw a man oat in the dead of
winter, and open the flood-gates of his affec-
tions. Shakespeare says—
"The man that hath no mu^ic in himself.
Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds,
Is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils."
The dove coos to his gentle mate; the dog
howls with delight at the winding of the hunt-
er's horn. When the dreadful marches and
stern alarums of grim-visaged brigadiers are
over they smooth their corrugated brows and—
"Caper nimbly in a lady's chamber
To the lascivious pleasings of a lute;"
For—
"Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast"—
That is, some music. I have heard music
better calculated to make tame beasts mad.
But the appreciation of music is purely a mat-
ter of taste. No doubt the tympanum of a
female cat's ear vibrates with pleasure at the
sound of her favorite Tom wauling in the gar-
ret, and many persons derive equal pleasure
from the falsettos of a fashionable opera
singer. The poet says:
"Sweet is tho cry of a new-born babe ;"
but very little of that sweetness will do me,
especially in a stage-coach. I got my fill of
music once. I became acquainted with a
young lady who played the accordeon. We
met by chance; her mother kept a boarding-
house. She was a healthy girl—a robust girl.
She sang through her nose, and ever the
burden of her song was—
" I'd be a butterfly."
For six months the tune was quite refreshing;
then I began to grow tired of it, and finally in
my tortured soul I poured forth*a prayer that
she might be a butterfly and flit away to other
places.
I have enumerated somfi of the accomplish-
ments of girls who are expected to move in
good society. Their education teaches them
deceit, seductiveness, and vanity. The idea
of her being a helpmeet is long discarded by
society. This idea must be generated ^ by a
higher civilization than we now enjoy. VV omen
are, as a class, burdens on society. Their
lives are devoted, not to high purposes or use-
ful pursuits, but to creating a comeliness of
person in themselves which will entice men
of inflammatory feelings from the freedom of
single-blessedness. We are amazed at tho
harems of the East. We do not reflect that
there may be harems with only one woman in
them. When Arteinus Ward was in Utah one
of the elders died, and all his wives flocked
around the wax-works man and besought him
to marry them. He replied that they were
pretty enough, and individually he would not
object to marrying any of them, but that it was
the muchness of the thing that he objected to.
That is the difference between our_system and
that of the East. What baser prostitution than
for a woman to marry a man for his money,
when she had as lief take a toad in her br som
as to enfold her arms about him ? W e talk i.bout
the heathenism of Oriental girls who dance
lasciviously in the presence of the men to in*
flame their lusts; but if the Asiatics should
peep over at their civilized antipodes they
would see in the fond embrace and lascivious
