1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
limited for any argument of the (jttesiian, I
leave it.
For these reasons, sir, reasons of policy and
of authority, I do not think we ought to pass this
bill. I do not believe it would be at all effect-
ive in securing the objects at which we aim, or
that it would conduce in the slightest degree
to promote peace and secure equal rights
among the people upon whom it is to take
effect. And I cannot help believing that it
contains provisions directly at war with specific
and peremptory prohibitions of the Constitu-
tion. So much for that.
But, sir, there is a graver aspect to this ques-
tion. I have proceeded thus far upon the as-
sumption that in this whole matter of restoring
the States lately in rebellion, as in the war
against them, the Constitution is the supreme
law. But the opinion is held by some—and
acted upon, I venture to believe, by many who
do not avow it, and who perhaps are not quite
conscious that they are acting upon it—that
the restrictions and prohibitions of the Consti-
tution have no application to such a case as
this. A learned and distinguished jurist of my
own State, a gentleman who has filled the high-
est judicial offices in that State, as well as repre-
sented this Government at a fore'ign Court—I
refer to Judge Conkling—has recently declared
that this.is no constitutional question at all;
that it arises outside the Constitution, and that,
to use his own language, we might as well refer
to the Koran as the Constitution for the pur-
pose of getting light upon it.
On the other hand, the Supreme Court of
the United States, in a decision recently pro-
nounced, has declared that the Constitution
as interpreted by that court is and must be
the supreme law alike for rulers and people
under all circumstances and at all times, in
peace and in war, and that none of its provis-
ions can ever at any time be abrogated, trans-
cended, or suspended during any of the great
emergencies of Government. Now, sir, while
I cannot assent to the doctrine of the distin-
guished judge whom I first quoted, while I
think it incumbent upon us as individual citizens
and as members of the Government to regard
and respect the Constitution as the absolute
rule of our action, I think that the opinion of
the Supreme Court is liable to a construction
somewhat stronger and more sweeping than
the real lacts of the case warrant, ltseems to
assert that the ultimate sovereignty of the na-
tion rests in the Constitution ; that there isnoth
ing behind it; that it binds the people in their
national and political character as well as in
their relations as individual citizens, absolutely
and at all times; and that no emergency of
Governmentcan permitor sanction any depart-
ure from its provisions or the exercise of any
authority which it does not confer.
Now, for all practical purposes in the or-
dinary movements and operations of govern-
ment this is well enough. It is well that
high regard and reverence for the Constitution
should thus be inculcated, and that ali the
action, of all classes, of rulers and people,
should proceed upon that basis. But as an
absolute statement of the nature and residence
of national sovereignty I cannot accept it. It
seems to .assert that the ultimate sovereignty
of the nation rests in the Constitution ; that
there is nothing higher, nothing superior to it
in authority. But there must be some power
somewhere which gives that Constitution its
authority. It certainly is not self-derived.
Wo are bound to obey *its injunctions, not
simply because they are there, but because they
come to us, through it, from some power which
has the right to prescribe them; and that
power, whatever it is and wherever it resides,
must of necessity be higher than the Constitu-
tion itself.
Nor can it be maintained that all the authority
of the Constitution was conferred, once for all,
by the Convention which originally framed and
the people who originally adopted it, and that
it now simply represents their will and their
authority. Sovereignty is something which
abides with and is inseparable from that power
in which it exists. It cannot die nor can it be
suspended. It is ever-living and ever-pres«nt,
giving at all times the sanction 'of its authority
to the organs and instruments of its wilL The
nation itself is that supreme, sovereign power
in this country; not the nation as it existed
in 1789, but the nation as it exists to-day. The
Constitution exists for the nation, not the
nation for the Constitution. It is the nation
which gives authority to the Constitution, not
the Constitution which gives authority to the
nation. The nation issovereign ; the Govern-
ment is the organ of such portion of its sov-
ereignty as it sees fit to delegate; and the
Constitution is the rule of conduct prescribed
to the Government by the nation, and by which
that authority is to be exercised. Of course,
neither the Government nor the rule of its
action can be superior in authority to the nation
which prescribes them both. It is the nation,
therefore, which is sovereign, and the people,
either as a political unit or as existing under
State organizations—I will not now inquire
which—are the nation.
We may, I think, suppose a case in which
the doctrine of the Supreme Court just cited,
that neither rulers nor the people—meaning
thereby the nation—can under any circum-
stances or in any emergencies exercise any
power not conferred by the Constitution, would
not be true. It was the nation which waged
the war against the rebellion. Now, suppose
that in the midst of the war the Supreme Court
had decided that the war was unconstitutional,
would the war have stopped ? Would the^peo-
ple have abandoned the attempt to vindicate
their sovereignty and to preserve their exist-
ence as a nation ? Ought they to have done
so? They might have chosen to do so; in the
exercise of their sovereignty they might have
had the right to surrender their national char-
acter and take instead of it the character of a
league of sovereign, independent States ; but
they would also have had the right, in the ex-
ercise of the same sovereignty, to defend and
maintain their existence as a nation by war.
Nor is it clear that political departments of
the Government would have been overborne
and bound by such a decision, for it is the gen-
eral rule in all constitutional governments that
the judicial department follows the political
instead of leading or overruling it. This,
moreover, is to be noted: the decisions of
courts can only take plaee after the facts have
occurred, after results have been attained.
They cannot annul those results. The Su-
preme Court may condemn as unconstitutional
the war which saved and established our exist-
ence as a nation, but it cannot reverse or _an-
nul that result. It may decide, as it is now
deciding, that steps which the Government,
acting as the organ and instrument of the na-
tional sovereignty, deemed essential to the
success of the war, transcended the authority
conferred upon it; but the %steps were taken
and cannot be taken back. Milligan was ar-
rested, tried by military commission, and con-
victed of being engaged in a conspiracy to aid
the rebellion. The Supreme Court now de-
cides that this trial and conviction were ille-
gal, but they took place nevertheless, and the
conspiracy was thus arrested and the rebellion
deprived of its aid.
Suppose that the court should now make a
similar decision in regard to every measure
taken by the Government to suppress the re-
bellion. Suppose it should decide that the
proclamation first calling for troops, the suc-
cessive drafts, the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, were all unconstitutional. They
have nevertheless done their work. They made
the war successful, and that result cannot be
changed, even if every single step by which it was
reached should be pronounced in violation of
the fundamental law. I have always believed,
and do still believe, that the Government had
the authority of the Constitution, express or im-
plied, for all it did in waging war against the
rebellion. But if the Supreme Court should
decide otherwise, if it should hold that every
act done to crush the rebellion was in direct
violation of the Constitution, the fact still
remains that the rebellion was crashed; and
no decisions, no judgments, no processes can
revive and reinstate it in what the court may
deem its violated constitutional rights. With-
out going further into what may be deemed
too abstract a discussion for such an occasion,
what I have said may show that emergencies}
may arise in which the rule LaicMown by the
Supreme Court is not absolately true, in which
the sovereignty of the nation may transcend
the authority of the Constitution without vio-
lating tie law of the national life, in which,
indeed, that law itself may demand such an
appeal from the Constitation to the nation
which created and maintains it.
Such action, I grant, is extraordinary, revo-
lutionary, indeed, in a eertain sense, and only
to be vindicated by extraordinary emergencies.
Yet it has been resorted to in more than one
instance in our brief history already.
When the apprehensions of the first Napo-
leon that Louisiana would fall into the bands
of England led him to instruct his minister
here to sell it to the United States, it was the
belief of all the leading statesmen of the day
that the Constitution gave our Government no
power thus to acquire foreign territory. And
Jefferson, who was then President, did not
hesitate to express the opinion that, without
an amendment of the Constitution, we had no
right to make the purchase. But there was
no lime to act upon amendments, and so press-
ing did he deem the necessity of the case
that Jefferson himself made the purchase, and
without hesitation gave effect to every Step
necessary to complete what he had pronounced
an unconstitutional transaction. By common
consent the act received the nation's sanction,
and a construction was thus given to the Con-
stitution which has never since been questioned.
Suppose the Supreme Court had decided that
purchase unconstitutional, would Louisiana
have been given up? The Supreme Court de-
clared the bill chartering a bank of the Uni-
ted States to be constitutional; but President
Jackson, claiming the right to administer the
Constitution as he understood it, overruled the
Supreme Court and vetoed tbe bill as in viola-
tion of the fundamental law; and the nation
sustained him in so doing. When President
Tyler sent troops across the Bio Grande, and
thus involved the United States in war with
Mexico without the assent or action of Con-
gress, so great an authority as Chancellor
Kent declared that he had committed an un-
constitutional act for which he deserved im-
peachment. Suppose the Supreme Court had
decided that the war, because of its origin, was
unconstitutional, would Texas and California
and New Mexico, the fruits of the war, have
been surrendered ?
In all these cases the Supreme Court accepted
the facts of history, the acts of tbe Government
which had passed into and become parts of the
national history, as the settled law, and the
people sanctioned them as an exercise of the
sovereignty of the nation, transcending the
delegated authority of the Constitution, it is
true, but justified by the emergency and sanc-
tioned by the result. If the Supreme Court is
wise now, it will thus accept as accomplished
and irreversible facts not to be drawn in ques-
tion the processes and results of our recent
war.
The instances I have cited show that there is
not only in theory but in actual practice a sover-
eignty higher than that of the written Constitu-
tion, and that whenever the emergency requires
it that sovereignty will assert itself. _ Indeed,
some of the ablest writers on constitutional law
maintain that the real constitution of a nation
is something wholly distinct from its written
constitution ; that it is nothing else than the
judgment, the opinion, the will of the nation
itself, and that the written constitution is sim-
ply an attempt to reduce this will, which is the
real constitution, to a fixed and definite form
for purposes of law and government. It is
important, therefore, that the written constitu-
tion should be at all times as nearly as possible
