1807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
bands of new and younger men ; men who are
not rich, nor likely soon to become so. Men
who, however, are eminently public spirited,
proverbially liberal, and always loyal. Men
who have striven from the outbreak of the
rebellion to keep their prices at the gold basis,
and who have done so. Men whose avowed
policy it is to reduce rather than advance
prices, and whose ambition it is to place a
sewing-machine in every household in the
land. I say shall this interest, shall these men
suffer because their predecessors (one perhaps
out of every hundred of the inventors in the
art) have made something? Shall they be
driven to increase their prices or add the
manufacturers' tax (which they have hitherto
refrained from doing) to the price of the ma-
chine ?
Who suffers by this? Is'it not the poor
sewing-girl? Is it not she who is watching
and guarding her meager earnings, prayer-
fully looking forward to the day when she will
be able to buy a sewing-machine? When she,
too, in common with the thousands now pos-
sessing them, may have the means of always
acquiring a respectable and honest livitjg?
Why, sir, there is not a person within the hear-
ing of my voice who does not know and
acknowledge that this invention has done more
to elevate, ameliorate, and improve the con-
dition of woman, whether rich or poor, whether
in the work-shop or in the family, whether in
the "boudoir" of the refined or the garret of
the toiling seamstress, than any instrumentality
ever before devised. Why, sir, this is a public
benefaction, it is an art which this Government
should be proud to foster and encourage; for
it comes home to every fireside, it lightens the
burdens and gladdens the heart of every
mother, every wife, and every sister in the
land. Every widow made desolate by the war
and dependent upon the scanty earnings of her
daily toil to feed her helpless orphans is inter-
ested in this question. I say, then, God speed
to the thousands of men who are manufactur-
ing these machines and who are distributing
and educating the people in their use through-
out every section of our country. I hope
there is not a member of this House who will
not vote for this amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by add-
ing after the word "machines" the words
"selling for less than sixty dollars." My ob-
ject is to confine this exemption to the cheaper
sewing-machines. Let those who want hand-
some well-boxed machines pay the tax.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. DAllLIN G. I accept the amendment
as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "provided that the
manufacturers of sewing-machines shall re-
duce the price of their machines to an extent
equal to the amount of the tax."
This House has already taken action allow-
ing railroad companies to charge over their
tax upon the persons traveling over their roads.
Now, it strikes me that, carrying out the same
principle, we should compel the manufacturers
of these machines to reduce the price of them
to an extent corresponding to the amount of
the tax from which they are relieved. I ap-
prehend there should be no objection to this
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, how does
the gentleman propose to enforce such a pro-
vision as that? I ask this question for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the committee
to what I have no doubt the gentleman intends
as the effect of his amendment—to ridicule
the whole idea of exempting sewing-machines.
If he adopts this as an effectual method of
defeating the pending amendment I am with
him.
The committee seems to be this morning
looking about with some diligence for objects
of exemption ; and it does seem to mo that
this is one of the most far-fetched of all the
propositions that have yet been suggested,
extraordinary as I deem some of them to be.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there be in this coun-
try one branch of industry or industrial enter-
prise as able as any other to bear any tax
which has been or is likely to be imposed
upon it, it is that interest embarked in the
production of sewing-mac.hines. I know that
these machines cost a great deal less than they
formerly did. The cost of manufacturing them
is, I think, forty per cent.—I am sure it is
thirty per cent.—less than it formerly was.
The idea that the reduction or abolition of the
tax on these machines can make any differ-
ence, "even in the estimation of a hair," to
the sewing-women, whether of high or low
degree, who use these machines, is in my judg-
ment utterly ludicrous, and is demonstrated
to be so by experience. The simple question
is, whether we shall by an exemption from
taxation add a certain percentage to the prof-
its (already so great that they dizzy all arith-
metic) of the men who deal in these machines.
My colleague [Mr. Daklikg] has suggested
that new wine has been put in old bottles by
putting new men in the places of those who
have grown rich in this business. The limita-
tion fixed in the amendment of my colleague
over the way, [Mr. Dodge,] who proposes an
exemption on machines selling for not more
than sixty dollars, would practically be an
exemption of all the machines except those
inlaid with pearl or ivory or otherwise highly
ornamented. Many of the ordinary machines
now cost less than twenty dollars, and an ex-
emption of those selling for sixty dollars or
even fifty dollars will embrace a vast majority
of all the machines sold. The manufacture
of these machines is to a great extent a monop-
oly ; and if any industrial production ought to
be taxed, I submit that these machines ought
to be.
Mr. Benjamin's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Darling was not
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert after
the word "spinning" the word "flax," so
that it will read "spinning and flax wheels."
The small wheel used in spinning flax is not
called a spinning-wheel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DEMING. I move to insert after line
seventy-eight, page 16, the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the act entitled "An
act/to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June30,1864, be amended
as follows: , , , „ , t 1
That section one hundred and five be amended by
striking out the words 44by fire, or," "or fire," and
"by fire or," where they occur in said section.
The section proposed to be amended is as
follows :
77. That there shall be levied, collected, and paid
a duty of ono and a half of one per cent, upon the
gross receipts of premiums or assessments for insur-
ance from loss or damage by fire or by the perils of
the sea. made by every insurance company, whether
inland or marine, or fire insurance company, and by
every association or individual engaged in the busi-
ness of insurance against loss or damage by fire or
by the perils of the sea; and by every person, firm,
company, or corporation who shall issue tickets or
contracts of insurance against injury to persons
while traveling by land or water; and a like duty
shall be paid by the agent of any foreign insurance
company having an omec or doing business withm
the United States; and that in the account or roturn
to be rendered they shall state the amount insured,
renewed, or continued, the gross amount of premiums
received and assessments eoliected, and the duties by
law accruing thereon.
I will explain the precise purpose effected by
this amendment. It is to exempt fire insurance
companies from the tax of one and a half per
cent, levied on their gross receipts from
premiums, and I am induced to offer the
amendment in deference to petitions from all
parts of the country from these associations,
for the purpose of having the Committee of
the Whole pronounce on the justice and equity
of their prayer. I have it from most reliable
statistics that the losses of these companies
during the past year have been entirely unpre-
1 cedented in the history of fire insurance com-
panies. The losses have exceeded the receipts
by $15,000,000, which is more than twenty pej
cent, of their entire capital, presumed to be
about seventy million dollars. Why, withia
the last twenty days the loss of-fire insurance
companies has been upward of three million"
dollars, and this, too, in spite of the increased
premiums laid on buildings and manufactories
they have insured. These premiums have
increased most enormously, almost to a pro-
hibitory rate, and yet have not compensated
them for their immense losses. They have ad-
vanced from $25,000,000 in 1861 to $60,000,000
in 1863, and to upward of one hundred mil-
lion dollars in 1866.
As an additional reason why these compa-
nies should be exempted from this tax of one
and a half per cent, on their gross receipts,
considering the hazardous nature of their busi-
ness, is that they already pay largely toward
the national resources. For instance, in sched-
ule B their tax on stamps alone amounts to
about one per cent, on thei^ premium, and in
addition they are taxed five per cent, on their
dividends, making in all six per cent, they are
taxed, independent of this one and a half per
cent, it is the purpose of my amendment to
relieve fire companies from. If there ever was
a case which appealed to the justice and equity
of the committee it seems to me it is the one
I have thus briefly presented.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman state
what advance of rate has recently been made
by fire insurance companies; and to what extent
this arrangement of advance prevails among
the leading companies? $
Mr. DEMING. I am informed they have
advanced the rate from three to four per cent,
on all manufactories and all kinds of buildings,
and that arrangement is universal with all com-
panies in this country. One fact has been
brought to my knowledge, where it was sixty
cents on $100 on cotton, they have now ad-
vanced the rate to four and five per cent, per
annum.
Mr. HILL. Has not this increase in the
rate been caused by the unusual number of
fires during last year?
Mr. DEMING. Most assuredly that is one
of the reasons. It is to compensate them for
their tremendous losses. Many of the com-
panies have been unable to continue their busi-
ness.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman mean to continue this permanently
or only for a year?
Mr. DEMING. Only for a year.
Mr. DODGE. This is a just amendment.
Their losses for the past year have been unpre-
cedented, and every man who looks at his
policy of insurance trembles for fear the com-
pany will not be able to respond in case of fire.
They now pay tax in three different ways, and
that certainly is an argument why they should
be relieved. I hope they will be relieved.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "for the next year the
tax on all the burned district of Chambersburg,
Pennsylvania, shall be remitted." Last year
we made the same provision for Portland,
Maine, and I think it is but fair that the relief
should be granted to Chambersburg. These
people are trying to rebuild their houses.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to Portland : we did not remit any
tax but simply extended the time for its collec-
tion, and a very short time it was.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of my
colleague how this remission is going to be
made. There is no real estate taxed by us.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a great deal of
tax levied upon the people of that town.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
and no further amendment is in order.
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to«
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Demixg. , ;
Mr. DELANO. I move to strike out the last
word of the section proposed as an amendment
for the purpose of opposing the amendment. I
