1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
tax bill in Committee of the Whole, the section
in relation to incomes being under considera-
tion.
Mr. MILLER. I cannot see any good rea-
son for the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Baker.] I think all taxes should
be uniform. The tax upon incomes for the
last two years has yielded more revenue to the
Government than the tax upon anything else.
Incomes over $5,000 have been taxed at the
rate of ten per cent., which is certainly a very
onerous tax; and we know that statements
of income have been returned honestly. Look
at the returns of incomes in New York, Phila-
delphia, and other great cities; men there have
made very fair and honest returns of their
incomes, and from that source has come an
enormous sum for our Treasury.
Now, why should this distinction be con-
tinued ? As the bill now stands, all incomes
over $1,000 pay a tax of five per cent. It is
proposed to change that so as to require a tax
of five per cent, on all incomes over $6,000.
Now, what justice is there in that? Why say to
people who by their industry have made large
incomes that they shall be still more heavily
taxed than are those who are not so industrious
and who have made but a small income, because
they are not or have not been so industrious ?
Where is the justice of that ? I cannot see it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
On the amendment of Mr. Baker, there
were-^ayes 21, noes 72.
Mr. BUCKLAND called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Baker
and G-akfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 26, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LB BLOND. I hope that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will al-
low this proposition to be reserved so that we
may have a vote in the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. For the purpose of clos-
ing debate on this bill, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bout-
well reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
the order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being House bill No.
1161, amending the existing laws relating to
internal revenue, and had directed him to
report that they had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, it is absolutely necessary to press this
bill through if we are to pass the other import-
ant measures which are now pending; and I
therefore move to suspend the rules so as to
provide that there shall be no debate on the
remainder of this bill in the Committee on the
Wliole, allowing however amendments 4to be
offered.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the
motion, so as to provide five-minute debate on
each side upon amendments.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that one min-
ute instead of five minutes be allowed for
debate on amendments.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not amendable nor debatable.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] that he
modify his proposition so as to allow ten min-
utes debate on each section.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a question of order.
My point is that debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Would it not improve
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to say that we shall simply take the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means for
granted, and that no amendments to the bill
shall be allowed ?
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules to close all debate on the tax bill in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr. HILL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
On the question, there were—ayes 74, noes 40.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Le Blomd were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 45.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the tax
bill all debate on the pending section be closed
in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order. '
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the tax bill as
the special order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that under the
order of the House debate on the pending
section closed in one minute.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend as follows:
Strike out after the word " whatever'/ in line six-
teen to the end of line seventeen, and insert a tax
of three per cent, upon the amount so derived over
$1,000 and under $5,000; a tax of five per cent, on the
amount so derived over $5,000 and under $10,000; and
on the amount so derived over $10,000 a tax of ten
per cent."
This is perfectly constitutional, even under
the objection of the gentleman from Ohio, as
it is perfectly uniform in every respect. Any
person who receives an income under $5,000
is taxed three per cent, and under $10,000
five per cent. There is no inequality in the
tax' at all. It applies equally to every man,
and therefore is constitutional.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call attention to the
following rale:
"No member shall vote on any question in the
event of which he is immediately and particularly
interested, or in any case where ho was not witlnn
the bar of the House when the question was put.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is not the question
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Gentlemen are voting
who are excluded by the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in orderunless
the gentleman will state who are so voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move the same
amendment, with the last clause stricken out.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to make the five per
cent, on the amount over $5,000 and ten per
cent, over $10,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Thatscction one hundred and seventeen be amend-
ed by striking out; all after the enacting clause and
inserting, in lieu thereof, the following That m
estimating the gains, profits, and income ot any per-
son, there shall be included all income derived from
interest upon notes, bonds, and other securities of the
United States; profits realized within the year Irom
sales of real estate purchased within the year or
■within two year previous to the year for which income
is estimated; interest received or accrued upon all
notes, bonds, and mortgages, or other forms of indebt-
edness bearing interest, whether paid or not, if good
a nd collectable, less themterest which has become due
from said person during the year; the amount ot all
premium on gold and coupons; the amount of sales
of live stock, sugar, wool, butter, cheese, pork, beef,
mutton, or other meats, hay and gram, or other vege-
table or other productions, being the growth or pro-
duce of the estate of such person, not including any
part thereof consumed directly by thofamily, all other
gains, profits, and income derived from any source
whatever; and the share of any person of the  ams
and profits of all companies, whether incorporated or
partnership, who would be entitled to the same, if
divided, whether divided or otherwise, except the
amount of income received from institutions or cor-
porations whose officers, as required bylaw, withhold
a per cent, of the dividends made by such institu-
tions, and pay the same to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue or other officer authorized to receive
the same; and except that portion of the salary or
pay received for services in the civil, military, naval,
or other service of the United States, including Sen-
ators, Representatives, and Delegates in Congress,
from which the tax has been deducted. And in addi-
tion to $1,000 exempt from income tax, as hereinbe-
fore provided, all national. State, county, and muni-
cipal taxes paid within the year shall be deducted
from the gains, profits, or income of the person who
has actually paid the same, whether such person bo
owner, tenant, or mortgagor; losses actually sus-
tained during the year arising from fires, shipwreck,
or incurred m trade, and debts ascertained to be
worthless, but excluding all estimated depreciation
of values and losses within the year on sales of real
estate purchased two years previous to the year for
which income is estimated; the amountactuallypaid
for labor or interest by any person who rents
lands or hires labor to cultivate land, or who con-
ducts any other business from which income is actu-
ally derived; the amount paid out for usual or ordi-
nary repairs: Provided, That no deduction shall be
made for any amount paid out for new buildings,
permanent improvements, or betterments, made to
increase the value of any property or estate :^And
provided, further, That only one deduction of $1,000
shall be made from the aggregate income of all tho
members of any family, composed of one or both pa-
rents, andone or more minor children, or husband and
wife; that guardians shall bo allowed to make such
deduction in favor of each and every ward, except
that in ease where two or more wards are comprised
in one family, and haye joint property interest, only
one deduction shall bemadein their favor: And pro-
vided, That in eases where the salary or other com-
pensation paid to any person in the employment or
service of the United States shall not exceed the rate
of 81,000 per annum, or shall be by fees, or uncertain
or irregular in the amount or in the time during
which the same shall have accrued or been earned,
such salary or other compensation shall bo included
in estimating the annual gains, profits, or income of
the person to whom the same shall have been paid
in such manner as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, under the direction of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, may prescribe.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved in
lines fifty-one and fifty-two to strikeout "Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue or other;" in
line eighty-three, after the word "provided,"
to insert " further;" and in line seventy, after
the word "derived," to insert "amount actu-
ally paid by any person for rent of house or
premises occupied as a residence for himself
or his family."
The amendment was agreed to.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the House, pursuant to order, took
a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
.SAFETY OF PASSENGERS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous
consent, the House took from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 467, to amend the act
entitled "An-act further to provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled iu whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspect-
ors, and for other purposes," approved July
25, 1866; which was read a first and second
time. .
The bill provides that section nine of the act
entitled "An act to amend the act entitled J An
act further to provide for the safety ot the H\ es
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the sal-
aries of steamboat inspectors, and for other pur-
poses,' " approved July 25, 1866, be amended
so as to read as follows :
Sec 9. And be it further enacted, That all ves-
sels navigating the bavs, inlets, rivers, harbors, and
other waters of the United States,. except vessels
subject to the jurisdiction of a foreign Power and
engaged in foreign trade, and not Jn A,?',1!
or in part by a citizen of the ,Unl'edfSf?'esfT®Kp!f
bo subject to the navigation laws of the JJiutod
States; and all vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and navigating as aforesaid, shall also oe
subject to all rules and regulations consiaten . there-
with, established for the government <>f steam ves-
sels in passing, as piovidcd m tho twenty-mnth sec-
tion of an aft relating to steam vessels approved
August SO, 1852. And every sea-going steam vessel
now subject, or hereby made subject, to the naviga-
tion laws of the United States, and to the rules and
