1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
Constitution, would leave no shadow of doubt
upon this subject hereafter, and would stand as
a perpetual guarantee against secession through
all time to come.
By the amendment already adopted seces-
sion is not forbidden, nor are officers of the
Governmentoftbe United States even required
to swear paramount allegiance to the national
Government. By the amendment I have sug-
gested secession, or attempts at secession, are
not only forbidden but are forbidden under a
distinct and formidable penalty. I think some
such amendment should be ingrafted on the
Constitution, and I deem it the duty of Con-
gress to present it, in addition to the one
already pending, to the States for adoption.
As for this bill, sir, I need scarcely say that
it contains nothing whatever which can possi-
bly be regarded as a guarantee. It is simply a
law, a law which the Supreme Court will un-
questionably annul, and which any coming
Congress may repeal. It has no single element
of stability, nothing which can guaranty any-
thing to anybody beyond the day which wit-
nesses its enactment. In my judgment the
nation demands something more stable, more
definite, more fundamental, more radical,
something which reaches the very root of seces-
sion and plucks it up more thoroughly than
anything contained either in this bill or in the
constitutional amendment which has been pro-
posed by Congress.
It will be objected, especially by gentlemen
on the other side of the House, that these acts
and amendments tend to a greater centraliza-
tion and consolidation of power in the Govern-
ment than is contemplated by the Constitution
as it is. I cannot deny that. I concede that
it does. But unless I am mistaken in my ob-
servation of the current of public sentiment,
the war through which we have just passed has
developed in the nation a feeling favorable to
gome further extension of the power of the
General Government, a feeling that in some
respects, those which the war has brought into
special prominence, some enlargement of the
national authority is desirable and neeessary.
It cannot have escaped observation that this
tendency to consolidation of Governments is
going on all over the world. The sentiment
is not peculiar to us. What we see going on
in Europe every day shows that the tendency
is toward centralization—the accumulation of
national power. In Italy, where only a few
years ago the tendency was toward a confed-
eracy of separate States, it is now toward con-
solidation. We all see what has taken place
in Germany within a year or two, where the
whole people, obeying the same tendency,
have followed the lead of their able and auda-
cious statesman and consolidated that whole
country into one powerful Government under
the lead of Prussia. In the British North
American Provinces a few years ago the tend-
ency was toward separation—maintaining the
rights and authority of each of the separate
Provinces. Then came a brief interval in which
annexation to the United States found favor.
Now, the general tendency is toward consoli-
dation in the hands of one general Govern-
ment which shall wield the power of them all.
Now, sir, we, under the ordinary operation
of things, would not have been free from this
same tendency. I think there has been from
the day the Constitution was framed until
the present time among a large ■portion of
the people of this country a conviction that
there ought to be more central authority; and
although the doctrine of State rights received
great development immediately after the for-
mation of our Government, and acquired fur-
ther force from the existence of slavery and
the struggle of that institution to preserve
itself, I think there has always been in the
nation a desire for somewhat more of central-
ization and consolidation in the national au-
thority. That central authority 1 admit should
be kept within limits and watched with jealous
care; for I agree thoroughly with the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Baker] when he de-
clared the other day that he would rather trust
the States with the defense of personal-liberty
than leave it in the hands of Congress.
But it is not wholly a question of personal
liberty. The people do really look to the
States for the preservation of personal liberty,
but it is also more or less in the public mind
a question of power, of grandeur, of considera-
tion among other nations. Every man would
rather belong to a great, powerful, and glori-
ous nation than to a small State which can
only wield a limited sovereign authority. The
war has strengthened this feeling of national
pride, this preference for national over State
distinction; and while I admit the force of the
objection and the necessity of watching care-
fully and keeping within proper bounds the
development of this feeling, I think that some
extension of national power must be expected;
But I must leave this line of remark and
return to the subject more directly under dis-
cussion. ^The bill before the House, it seems
to me, will be followed by certain -practical
consequences to which we should not shut our
eyes. Its first effect will be to implant in each
southern State a rival government to that
which now exists. There will be two govern-
ments contending for ascendency, one organ-
ized on the principles of those which exist there
now—the States controlling the franchise—the
other organized under the provisions of this
bill, and, resting upon universal suffrage dic-
tated by Congress as its basis. It is impossible
that they should not come into collision, first
a collision of authority, then a collision of
arms; and under the pretense of securing
their peace and the rights of all we shall have
given the southern States a fierce and bloody
civil war. You will say that the power of the
nation shall be exercised to sustain the gov-
ernments which will be formed under our
authority.
But who wields the force of the nation? Not
Congress. We cannot direct the movements
of the Army. That is done by the President
of the United States, and you can scarcely ven-
ture to hope that, with his opinions, the new
governments we propose to establish would be
sustained with much vigor or effect. The prac-
tical effect of such a step as we are asked to take
would be quite the reverse of the results we pro-
fesstoseek. ThehonorablememberfromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] said the other day
that however our opinions might differ we all
sought the same grand object—the peace, order,
and prosperity of our common country; we
all agreed that we could not afford to have
the South become to this nation what Ireland
has been to England and Hungary to Austria
and Poland to Russia — a discontented, de-
caying, rebellious section of the common em-
pire. I ask gentlemen to examine this bill in
the light of that opinion Is there anything
in it which tends to promote peace in the
southern States, where it is to take effect?
Will it give any better security for the rights
of any portion of their inhabitants ? Is it not
certain to stir up strife, to plant new seeds of
discontent and of civil war, to array class
against class and race against race in every
State to be affected by its provisions?
There can be but one answer to these inqui-
ries. No man can be so blind as to doubt that
these will be its surtP&nd its only results. I
say nothing of its effect upon the general pros-
perity of the whole country. Whatever pro-
motes discord and strife in the southern States
postpones restoration, destroys commerce, re-
pels capital, deranges the whole system of
industry by which alone the very men who are
. the objects of our special care can live, dimin-
ishes the ability of those States to pay taxes
and contribute their share to the common bur-
dens, and in every way does most serious and
lasting injury to all the interests of our com-
mon country. It seems to me quite clear that
the bill can effect no good purpose whatever,
either to the nation, to the southern States, to
the colored race, or the men who have stood
by the Union during the recent war. I cannot
help believing that they will all be injured,
seriously and fatally, by an Attempt to carry
its provisions into effect. The bill cannot pos-
sibly produce good results in any portion of
the country. It cannot meet the national de-
mand or satisfy the national expectations. Its
advocacy may meet certain party exigencies
and personal aspirations—I use the expression
in no offensive sense—certain desires of indi-
viduals to carry out theories and try experi-
ments of government, but beyond this I see no
good purpose which it can possibly serveA
If it were possible to modify in certain un-
important and exasperating details, and with-
out in the least impairing its real effectiveness
and practical utility, that clause of the constitu-
tional amendment already adopted which im-
poses disabilities upon certain classes of per-
sons engaged in the rebellion; and if then,
such an additional amendment as I have sug-
gested, forbidding under penalty of forfeiture
of all national representation during the pleas-
ure of Congress, any attempt hereafter on the
part of any State to secede; and if it were
distinctly stated that upon the adoption of
these amendments the States should be read-
mitted to representation, I believe all the
amendments would be adopted promptly and
cheerfully by three fourths of all the States,
and that the Union could be restored upon
that firm and enduring basis to more than its
ancient peace, prosperity, and renown.
This is my belief. Others may not share it.
They may think that none of these amendments
can be adopted by three fourths of all the States.
Very well; grant it. Those gentlemen who
say this are not without a theory fully adequate
to meet it; why not act upon that? They main-
tain that' the actual sovereignty, of the nation
rests with those States which never renounced
their share of it, and that three fourths of those
States are as competent to ratify constitutional
amendments as their representatives are to en-
act laws. My learned friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] holds this opinion and sustains it"
with his accustomed ability and eloquence. The
argument in its support is certainly not without
force, and the theory is held by some very able
writers on constitutional law. But why do not
hose on this floor who hold it act upon it?
The member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] the other day sought to hold the Sec-
retary of State responsible for dereliction of
duty in this respect; and denounced him in
what seemed tome very unbecoming terms, and
with utterly undeserved severity, for failure
in this regard. He did not deem it unworthy
of himself or in violation of his self-respect to
speak of the Secretary of State—venerable not
more for age than for the signal services- to
his country and the cause of trcedom every-
where. by which his long and laborious life,
devoted wholly from early manhood to the
public service, has been made illustrious—
as a " perfidious old man ;" perfidious, thegen-
tleman says, in not having proclaimed, as
required by law, the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment, for which three fourths
of the loyal States have cast their votes. I
cannot err in saying that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania knew that there is no such law.
The law requires the Secretary of State to cer-
tify the adoption of amendments when ratified
by three fourths of all the States. He acts
under that law. If Congress desires him to act
upon another theory why not enact another
law ? If Congress believes that to be the true
theory of the Constitution why not put it upon
the statute-book?
And I may ask the same question in regard
to action upon the whole subject of reconstruc-
tion. Why does not Congress—why does not
that party which has an overwhelming major-
ity in both branches—a majority large enough
to render the veto a barren scepter in the hands
of the Executive, do something that shall be
final and effective ? We hear much of the con-
gressional policy, the policy of the dominant
party, which the people are said to have in-
dorsed, and which some of us are somewhat
vehemently denounced for not supporting. But
what is it, and why is it not enacted ? Last year
we were told'it was the constitutional amend-
