1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
regulations aforesaid, shall, when under way, except
upon the high seas, be under the control and direc-
tion of pilots licensed by the inspectors of steam ves-
sels ; vessels of other countries and public vessels of
the United States only excepted: Provided, however,
That nothing in this act, or in the act of which it is
amendatory, shall be construed to annul or affect
any regulation established by the existing law of any
State requiring vessels entering or leaving a port in
such State to take a pilot duly licensed or authorized
by the laws of such State or of a State situate upon
the waters of tho same port.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION Of MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to report a bill from
the Committee of Elections to provide for a
uniform day for holding the election of mem-
bers of Congress. I wish to report it now that
it may be passed and go to the Senate.
Mr. ORTH. I object.
RELIEF OF CERTAIN DRAFTED M£N.
Mr. ANCONA, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
bill of the House No. 811, for tfre relief of
certain drafted men, submitted the following
report:
The commit! ee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to bill of the House No. 811, for the relief of
certain drafted men, having met, after full and free
conference do recommend that the Senate recede
from its amendments to the said bill.
SYD35NHAM E. ANCONA,
JOHN A. ISINGIIAM,
JOHN 11. KETCMAM,
Managers on the part of the House,
J. W. NESMITH,
EDGAR COWAN,
Managers on (he part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUItDEB 01? UNION SOLDIERS.
Mr. PIKE, from the select Committee on the
Murder of Union Soldiers in South Carolina,
submitted a report in writing; which was laid
011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
Leave was granted to the minority of the
committee [Mr. Cooper] to submit his views.
Mr. PIK13 submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of tho
report of tho select Committee on tho Murder of
Union Soldiers in South Carolina, with tho evidence
taken by the committoc, bo printed for the use of the
House.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that bill of the
House No. 598, to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
be taken from the Speaker's table with a view
to agreeing to the request of the Senate for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on said bill.
Mr. COOK. I object.
INDEMNITY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the special order, being bill
of the House No. 859, to declare valid and
conclusive certain proclamations of the Presi-
dent and acts done in pursuance thereof, or of
his orders, in the suppression of the rebellion
against the United States, upon which the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
object of this bill is a good one, and if Con-
gress possesses the constitutional power to pass
it we should place it among the statutes of the
nation without unreasonable delay.
The condition of the business of the House
will not admit of the latitude of discussion to
which«I would be glad to submit this measure.
I feel confident that it would survive the ordeal
of critical discussion, and reeeive the approv-
ing judgment of Congress and the country.
I am disposed to allow such latitude of discus-
sion as the circumstances surrounding us at
this time will admit of, and were it not for the
pressure of the business of the House and the
impatience of members to proceed with the
revenue bills, I would be glad to submit the
bill to as ample debate as could reasonably be
desired by any one.
The bill embraces two leading propositions.
The first relates to certain acts, proclamations,
and orders of the President of the United
States, and acts done by his authority or ap-
proval, including those done by and through
courts-martial and military commissions, and
is set out in the bill in these words:
That all acts, proclamations and orders of the
President of tho United States, or acts done by his
authority or approval after the 4th of March, A. D.
1861, and before the 1st day of December, A. D. 1865,
respecting martial law, military trials by courts-
martial or military commissions, or the arrest, impris-
onment, and trial of persons charged with participa-
tion in tho late rebellion against the United States,
or as aiders or abettors thereof, or as guilty of any
disloyal practice in aid thereof, or of any violation
of the laws or usages of war, or of affording aid and
comfort to rebels against the authority of the United
States and all proceedings and acts done or had by
courts-martial or military commissions, or arrests
and imprisonments made in the premises by any
person by the authority of the orders or proclama-
tions of the President, made as aforesaid, areheieby
approved in all respects, legalized and made valid,
to tho same extent and with the same effect as if said
orders and proclamations had been issued and mado,
and said arrests, imprisonments, proceedings, and
acts had been done under tho previous express
authority and direction of the Congress of the United
States, and in pursuance of a law thereof previously
enacted and expressly authorizing and directing the
samo to be dono.
The object of this part of the bill cannot be
mistaken. It is alleged that the President of
the United States, in regard to the various
matters here enumerated, has acted without
authority of law, and that all who have been
in any manner associated with him, as instru-
ments in rendering effective his acts, proclama-
tions, and orders, are guilty of infractions of
the law, for which they may be indicted, con-
victed, punished, and subjected to civil actions
for the recovery of damages. Many officers
and soldiers of the United States have already
been made defendants in civil and criminal
actions for acts which it is proposed to cover
by the broad mantle of this bill. Security for
the future for all those agents who acted for
the Government in its hour of peril is the ob-
jective point at which this measure is aimed.
They were our agents and we propose to make
their acts our own. It would not be right for
us to enjoy the benefits resulting from the acts
which surround our agents with perils and
refuse or neglect to shield them against im-
pending danger.
The power which this bill invokes has in
several instances been exercised by Congress.
The third section of the act of August 6,1861,
provides:
" That all acts, proclamations, and orders of the
Presidont of the United States after the 4th of March,
1801, respecting the Army and Navy of tho United
States, and calling out or relating to the militia or
volunteers from tho States, aro hereby approved and
in all respects legalized and made valid, to the same
intent and with the same effect as if they had been
issued and done under the previous express authority
and direction of tho Congress of the United States."
The Supreme Court in the prize cases, (2
Black's Reports, 270,) in pronouncing on the
right of the President to institute ^blockade,
(which he did by one or more of the proclama-
tions covered by the act of 1861,) made use of
this language:
" If it were necessary to the technical existence of
a war that it should have a legislative sanction, we
find it in almost evey act passed at the extraordi-
nary session of the Legislature of 1861, which was
wholly employed in enacting laws to enable tho Gov-
ernment to prosecute the war with vigor and effi-
ciency ; and finally, in 1861, we And Congress ' ex
majore cautela,[ and in anticipation of such astute
objections passing an act approving, legalizing, and
making valid all acts, proclamations, and orders of
the President, &c„ as if they had been issued and
done under the previous oxpress authority of the
Congress of the United States!
" "Without admitting that such an act was neces-
sary under the circumstances, it is plain that if the
President had in any manner assumed powers which
it Was necessary should have the authority or sanc-
tion of Congress, that on the well known principle of
law ' oninis ratihabitio retrotrahitur et mandato equi-
paratar,' this ratification has operated to perfectly
cure the defect."
It will be observed that while the court inti-
mated that such curative legislation may not
be necessary in such cases, it followed the
intimation with an emphatic affirmance of the
validity of such congressional action in case
the President had exceeded his powers. Nor
was the court willing to let the case rest here.
After citing the case of Brown vs. United
States, (8 Cranch, 110,) the doctrine of the
court therein so far as it relates to the present
discussion is reversed, and tho principle con-
tended for by_ Mr. Justice Story m his dissent-
ing opinion is declared to be the law. The
position of Justice Story, so far as it relates to
the question which I am now considering, is
stated as follows:
" For every purpose applicable to the present case
it does not seem necessary to controvert these posi-
tions ; and whatever may be the correctness of tho
others, I am perfectly satisfied that the position is
well founded, that no subjcct can legally commit hos •
tilities or capture property of Hn enemy, when, either
expressly or constructively, the sovereign has pro-
hibited it. Bat suppose he does, I would ask if the
sovereign may not ratify his proceedings; and thus,
by a retroactive operation give validity to them ? Of
this there seems to me no legal doubt."
This doctrine was adopted in the opinion of
the court in the prize cases unqualifiedly, and
in these words:
" Although Mr. Justice Story dissented from the
majority of the court on tho whole case, the doctrine
stated by him on this point is correct and fully sub-
stantiated by authority."
I accept this concurrent affirmance by Con-
gress ana the Supreme Court of the power to
pass this bill as a sufficient justification for
urging it upon the House. It is not necessary
for me to refer to other precedents. Every
one who is familiar with the legislative history
of the country knows that time and again
Congress lias in various ways asserted this
power; in some cases authorizing to be done
acts kindred to those directed and authorized
by the orders and proclamations to which this
bill refers; in other cases affirming and declar-
ing legal and valid acts which had been done
without the sanction of law. The legislative
and judicial action of the Government presents
no difficulty in this regard until we reach the
recent decision of tire Supremo Court in the
Milligau case, and even that case interposes
no real and valid objection to the passage of
this bill. It is true that a majority of the
court, in the opinion announced by Mr. Jus-
tice Davis, declares that Congress could grant
no power to try, in the Statu of Indiana, a
citizen in civil life, in nowise connected with
the military service, by a court-martial or
military commission, and in so far as this goes
the court stands in opposition to this bill.
But this is a piece of judicial impertinence
which we are not bound to respect. No quch
question was before the court in the Milligan
case, and that tribunal wandered beyond the
record in treating of it. Its discussion by the
court Was out of place, uncalled for, and wholly
unjustifiable. Milligan presented no point in
his ease upon which Mr. Justice Davis and his
concurring associates can hang an excuse for
this unnecessary examination of the powers
of Congress. All the court said upon this sub-
ject brought neither benefit nor harm to Milli-
gan. The court found that Congress had not
authorized nor attempted to authorize the trial
of Milligan by a military commission. This
in and of itself should have closed the door
against the voluntary wanderings of the court
into the fields of congressional power.
Mr. Speaker, it may not be out of place for
me to devote a few minutes to an examination
of some of the interesting and important ques-
tions discussed by the court in the opinion
delivered in the Milligan case. The difficulty
under which the court labored in this case
seems to me to have been the want of a just
and proper appreciation of the condition in
