720
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2%,
merit; this year the same men who made that
their basis then discard it now. Last $par
that man was untrue to his party obligations
who did not stand by it; this year the man is
■declared to -be faithless to his. party who does.
This is not meeting the expectations of the na-
tion. Professions, declamations, menaces are
not what the people demand, and they may well
say to Congress, as the impatient Hamlet said
to the murderers in the mimic play—
" Leave thy damnable faces, and begin."
If the majority has a policy of reconstruction
let it bring that policy forward and take the
responsibility of acting upon it. I am quite
ready to vote for it if it commends itself to my
judgment, and I am quite as ready to be out-
voted and submit if it does not. But the coun-
try demands action of some kind upon this
great subject, concerning which Congress has
been talking, and doing nothing but talk, now
for two successive sessions.
Mr. Speaker, I will not enter upon any of
the other branches of this great subject which
invite attention. I have very nearly exhausted
my time, and I fear more than exhausted the
patienoe, though not the indulgence, of the
House. The political state of the country
seems to me to become more and more com-
plicated, unsatisfactory, and threatening every
day that we sit here without action. Let us
adopt some measures of reconstruction or res-
toration at the earliest possible moment. If
we cannot get all we want let us take what we
can get. The condition of the country requires
decisive action. The feeling of the people de-
mands it. I am not alarmed at the prospect
of strife and collision, greatly as I should de-
precate it as an injury to the country and a
serious check on its prosperity. But I have
too much faith in the inherent and irrepressi-
* ble energy of the American people, in their
self-respect and self-command, and in their
devotion to their country and its cherished in-
stitutions, to allow me to believe that this
nation is doomed to perish under any strife
that can be waged upon its soil.
Every nation has had to earn its manhood,
to fortity its frame, to strengthen its muscle by
just such trials as we have encountered, but
the end of which, it seems, we have not yet
reached. Whatever further trials may await
us I believe the nation will emerge from them
strong, bold, and free, preserving its liberties
as a Republic and enforcing its respect upon
all the nations of the earth by its strength, its
liberty, and its adherence to substantial justice
and right in its dealings with its own people as
with all the world.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I would like to
make the first thing I say on this occasion the
most agreeable thing which I shall say; and
with that design I shall say first that I am not
about to make an hour's speech. [Laughter. ]
Mr. Speaker, the man who is now the acting
President of the United States once said to me,
in speaking of a bill like the one now before
the House, that it was a measure to dissolve
the Union. That proposition has been so often
repeated by members upon the other side of
this Hall during the debates upon the subject
now under consideration that I have thought
the House would probably pardon me if I
should attempt to condense into a few sentences
a suggestion or two in regard to that declara-
tion, repeated so often and worn out so thor-
oughly as it is; and with the purpose of mak-
ing the shortest statement that I can, of con-
densing it into as few sentences as I can, I trust
the House will pardon me for reading part of
what I have to say about it. I say it now, not
because it is either new or important—import-
ant I mean as presenting anything novel for
the consideration of the House—I present it
only because the declaration has been repeated
again and again with apparent earnestness by
gentlemen on the opposite side of this Hall and
as being worthy the attention of gentlemen on
this side.
Every argument and every view and every
method of presentation and statement which
ever has been or which ever can be devised
to enforce this doctrine, to wit, that the nation
has no power to guaranty to these revolted
districts loyal republican governments, con-
dense themselves into but two. One of these
methods runs thus: that as all loyal men con-
fess that by no secession, rebellion, or other
possible or conceivable act of its people can
any State, or the people thereof, withdraw from
the Union, therefore these rebel States are in
the Union. If in the Union then, as there
can be no State in the Union which is not en-
titled to two Senators and at least one Repre-
sentative, therefore these revolted States are
entitled to such Senators and Representatives
and to all the other powers and representations
of States, and any legislation denying this is
usurpation &nd unconstitutional. Now, it is
absolutely self-evident that if this view estab-
lishes anything, it establishes this also, namely:
that during the entire war these rebel States
were entitled to elect our rulers, because if you
admitthat during the war these States and their
people ceased to have such powers to elect
Senators, Representatives, and Presidents,
then you admit that it is possible for a State
and people to do that which in law either
forfeits or suspends their power to elect the
nation's rulers, and the whole argument so far
as based on this point is abandoned. Now,
notice here that they who make this argument
deny that individuals who go into rebellion can
decitizenize themselves so as that the United
States may, as to any individual, accept his
renunciation of any power appertaining to
citizenship, and declare him to have ceased to
have the powers of one of the people, an elector
of a State. Note carefully, also, that these
same persons all maintain that it is wrong, and
most of them that it is illegal, to try and punish
as traitors those who waged this rebellion, and
in pursuance of this doctrine their Representa-
tives vote nearly solid against punishing as a
traitor Davis, the head of the rebellion. Now,
this it is averred is the constitutional law of the
Republic.
Mr. Speaker, may I borrow from another
(Mr. Greeley) a method of illustrating this kind
of constitutional law?
Whatever is a principle of our Constitution
is capable of being written out into explicit and
affirmative requirements of the Constitution.
Let us write the above constitutional law out
into language, not unjust or tortured, but fairly
stating what this doctrine affirms. It reads
thus when written out:
Article nine, section one. Whenever here-
after a causeless rebellion shall arise, and war
be waged against the United States, so great
and bloody that the rebellion shall in fact abol-
ish and overthrow all the constitutions and
laws of eleven States of this Union which
recognize the supreme authority of such Union,
and shall remove from office all officers who
have taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and shall enact
and enforce in the place of such constitutions
and laws only such as recognized the supreme
authority of usurped and rebel governments,
and in the place of such loyal officers shall put
such legislators and officers alone as shall swear
to support such rebellion, and shall kill, im-
prison, or banish all such persons in such eleven
States as will not aid in the said war to destroy
this Union, and shall continue to wage such
war for four years, and therein shall kill three
hundred thousand of the loyal people, and, by
starving and other practices of barbarians, shall
murder sixty thousand more, and shall inflict
upon the nation a debt of S4,000,000,000, andi j
shall lay waste and desolate the entire land, '
and shall not cease such war until totally over-
thrown in overwhelming and crushing defeat,
then, and in all such cases, the people so actu-
ally engaged in such rebellion, war, starvings,
poisonings, and other barbarous practices^ for
the overthrow of the Government as afore-
said, shall not be deemed to have done any act
forfeiting or suspending any power or privilege
of a citizen of the United States, or of an elector
in any State, no$ be deemed to have put it in
the power of the United States to declare for-
feited or even suspended any power of such
persons to elect the rulers of the Republic;
but, on the contrary, all such people, while
so engaged, and the States, as bodies-politic,
which they compose, shall, during all said four
years of war, be deemed abdheld to be true,
loyal, and republican people and States ofjfiis
Union ; and as such ahaH, despite the prohibi-
tion of the United States, be entitled to elect
one third of the Senators, Representatives, and
presidential electors of the United States, and
shall thereby be enabled in the Senate and
House to defeat any act necessary to the exist-
ence of the Government of the United States,
and which requires the assent of two thirds of
such Houses or of either House. And moreover,
it shall be lawful for those who originate,^ead
in, and execute such war, rebellion, and mur-
ders, at all times to be elected to the offices'of
President, Vice President, Senators, and Rep-
resentatives of the United States. And neither
by test'oaths or otherwise shall it be lawful to
exclude sueh leaders while engaged in such
rebellion or afterward from being elected to or
assuming such offices.
Mr. Speaker, the man who affirms that this
is not a substantially just affirmance in the
terms of express law, of the exact effect of the
doctrine that the people of a State can do no
ae(f which deprives even temporarily such
people and their States of the power to elect
our rulers is either a false man or an imbecile;
and with him I hold no debate. And.he who,
seeing the consequences of such a doctrine
thus fairly written out into the terms of law,
does not turn away from them with loathing
and utter disgust is worse than either false or
imbecile. He is a traitor! And here I leave
that.
Mr. Speaker, that second and only other
method to which I have alluded, of enforcing
the, position that the United States have no
power to assume the organization of loyal re-
publican governments in these revolted States
can be accurately stated thus: it says that, ad-
mitting that during the force and usurpations
of the war of rebellion, the rebels and their
States ceased to have the power to elect our
rulers, yet the rebellion being crushed, the
violent overthrow of the old constitution and
laws of these States ended, and the people
having submitted after crushing defeat to \the
authority they failed to overthrow, then and
thereupon these old State governments ahd
such new ones as those so defeated may choose
to form become at once republican and loyal
States, and the United States have no control
over the matter, either as to who shall be
electors and take part in reviving these States,
or as to when and upon what terms these
States and their people shall resume the high
power of States governing the Union!
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this be iffdeed the
state of our constitutional law, then this too
may be written out fully into the forms of ex-
press law. So written out in all its leading
requirements and consequences, it reads as
follows:
Article nine, section two. Whenever here-
after such a rebellion against this Union as
is described in the first section of this article
shall arise and be overthrown by the United
States, then and in all such cases they who
engaged in such rebellion, war, murders, sta-rv-
ingsfpoisdnings, and other practices of barba-
rians, to the end that tliey might destroy
Government of the United States, shall, imnu-
diately upon their having their arms wrested
from them, and while yet prisoners of war,
have the right both as individuals and as the
people and electors of their States to elect, and
also to become the President, the Vice Presi-
dent, Senators, and Representatives of the Uni-
ted States. And such traitors shall, moreover,
have the power to so frame their State consti-
tution and laws that none shall be entitled to
vote for the offices aforesaid except those who
engaged in said rebellion: and the said traitors
and the States which they compose shall bo
entitled thus to at once assume said control of
