1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
the Government of the United States, although
in fact none of them shall have either felt or
professed any regret for such treason, and al-
though they may remain as traitorous as ever
toward the Government of the United States,
and may in fact assume such powers for the
overthrow of the Government of the United
States, and this although those so taking said
offices for traitorous purposes may compose a
majority of both Houses of Congress. And
it shall be unconstitutional and illegal for the
United States, by joint committee of Congress
or otherwise, to even inquire into the matter
of the return to loyalty or into the other acts
or purposes of the traitors aforesaid, or into
the republican character or purposes of the
governments of their said States. But, on the
contrary, such rebels, and if they so order they
alone, shall be, immediately upon their defeat
as aforesaid, and while yet prisoners of war,
entitled to assume and take control of the
Government of the United States without in-
quiry, conditions, let, hinderance, or delay. And
it shall, moreover, be unlawful to exclude such
traitors from any of said offices either by requir-
ing test oaths or otherwise, except only that
each House of Congress may judge of the elec-
tion aud qualification of its own members, and
expel if two thirds so order.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this section I do not
caricature or exaggerate, but on the contrary
I far understate the appalling results of this
position, which I consider a position which
teaches that, in defiance of the sovereignty of
this victor nation, and in the very teeth of its
prohibitions, its rebel prisoners of war, at the
very instant of their defeat, have the right—
ay, sir, the right—as electors and rulers of
sovereign States, to resume the control of their
conqueror; and the right to vote out that awful
life of the nation whitfh their five hundred
thousand murders done did not extinguish,
but augmented into mightier being.
No, sir; no. This is not the law of yoftr
nation's existence; and your injured country
—what one ever so wronged before?—has the
right and power in these revolted districts to
see to it that there shall be returned and guar-
antied to them governments right loyal and
right republican, the United States being
judges.
Now, I have said all that I propose to say
upon the general question of the power of
Congress to pass the bill now before the House,
or any other bill which shall provide for the
organization of loyal republican governments
in the revolted States; and to provide also for
the government of the people of those States
provisionally until such loyal State govern-
ments can be organized therein.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a suggestion
about the sixth section of this bill, which de-
clares rebellion to have wrought a forfeiture of
two privileges of citizenship, to wit: the/ight
to Vote and hold office.
Some gentlemen here of learning see in that
section a declaration that Congress can vote the
Territories and people, loyal and disloyal, of
our Union out of the national jurisdiction and
into foreign Governments, and can attach new
and unknown penalties to past disloyalty by
mefe act of law without conviction.
Sir, this seems to me a most strange and
obvious error, and arises out of forgetting that
'all the rights and obligations of citizenship
arise, not at all out of any criminal enact-
ments, but out of that contract and bond which
connects the citizen with his country, and
which binds both to certain correlative duties.
This mistake comes from forgetting what is
self-evident without being stated at all, but
which is stated by Yattel in these words:
"If the body of society or he who represents it
[the Government] absolutely fail to discharge their
obligations toward the citizen, the latter may with-
draw himsolf; for, if ono of the contracting parties
does not observe his engagements, the othoy is no
longer bound to fulfill bis, as the contract is recipro-
cal between socicty and its members. It is on the
same principle also that society may expel &> member
who violates its laws."
This right of Governments to withhold from
them who discard all the obligations pertaining
39th Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 46.
to their citizenship the powers and rights which
come alone from performing these obligations
is one which, by necessity, attaches to and
inheres in the very nature and structure of all
civil society, and has been acted upon and
enforced as a self-evident right of all govern-
ment in every stable Government that has ex-
isted since the world began. This identical
principle was asserted at the origin of your Gov-
ernment in the legislation of every one of the
States of the confederation; was repeated and
reenacted by three, at least, of the first Con-
gresses under the Constitution, and has been
virtually reenacted by being kept in force by
every subsequent Congress which ever met
under the Constitution.
But, sir, I am not about to enter upon an
argument which I submitted to this House upon
a former day; and only allude to it now to
submit to the House a single suggestion about
it. It is this which is submitted as an illustra-
tion and a proof:
There is a child before you. He moves about
in the simplicity of his young nature, uncon-
scious of the dignity which is upon him. He
goes under your flag to another country. There
another Government injures his life, his prop-
erty, or even a hair of his head. For that
injury, sir, what ought to happen ? Nay, sir,
by the very law of your nation's life and honor
what must happen? Now, nothing has occurred
except that a foripgn Government has put its
hand in insult or injury upon a little boy, and
he upon the other side of the globe, where mid-
night is when we have high noon. But then
the boy was our country's and was under its
flag. When the tidings come to us that that
child was hurt, if needs be for his redress every
sword in the land and every gun, every arm in
the land and every heart, every drop of blood
in the laud and every dollar of money pass
eagerly under requisition to the work of that
child's redress; and for that redress your
armies and navies start off in a procession
which girdles the globe with the light of your
banners.
And, sir, why all this? It is because that
child bore with him what$ thank pod and the
armies of America, is to-day the highest of
earthly dignities; higher than that which made
the person of him of Tarsus sacred in the pres-
ence of a Hebrew mob. The boy was an
American citizen.
But, Mr. Speaker, others are in foreign lands
from our country; Mason, Slidell, Breckin-
ridge are abroad. Should one of these be hurt
as the boy was, who in this House will arise
and say that his avenging belongs, by any law
of the Constitution or of honor, law of men or
of God, to his outraged country?
I will yield to any gentleman on the other
side who will rise in his place and say that this
Government should resent any insult or injury
to such men. [After a pause.] There is no
response ; no voice in all the loyal_ section of
the country will be heard to assert it. I there-
fore assume that their avenging belongs not to
my country. Now, why no! ! Mason once
did have the right to demand your protec-
tion, and he is unconvicted to-day. Why has
he not the right to make the demand now?
Why did your Government refuse to consider
Thresher, unconvicted of any offense against
your laws, as not entitled to the rights of an
American citizen? Why did that man, (Mr.
Webster,) who then administered your Depart-
ment of State, and who is to stand forever in
your country's history unmatched and solitary
as the master of your constitutional and your
public law, refuse to accord the protection of
this Government to one who engaged in the
Lopez expedition but who was unconvicted
of any crime? Sir, in the light of history,
of law, and of reason, there can be but one
answer ; that along with the repudiation of the
obligations of citizenship the right to claim its
privileges perishes in so far as the Govern-
ment may choose to forfeit them. And it is
upon this principle that we may rightly enact
this section into law.-
Now, I shall say nothing more about this
sixth section than I have already said. My
own objection to it is, that it fails to assert the
right to life which my Government has; it is
poor and impoverished in tie extent to which
it goes. I say here, in the name of the loyal
people of this country, South and North, that
if we fail to put its stamp of detestation upon
the treason of these men_, by prohibiting them
from any rule and authority in that country, in
so far as that prohibition shall be found by the
United States to be requisite to retain the gov-
ernments of the States and of the nation in truly
loyal hands, we will stab to the heart that Gov-
ernment which we on all sides of the Hall love
so well.
One illustrious in another age said what has
passed into the proverbs of a foreign tongue.
Vutce et decorum, est pro patriot mori. A distin-
guished Senator translated that to read, " It is
sweet and decent to die for one's country."
But, sir, let me once for all say now—perhaps
the last time that I shall ever speak upon the
subject in the American House of Representa-
tives—that if my Government shall, in any
policies of reconstruction that maybe adopted,
abandon to their fate the men of the South
who stood by their country when their country
so much needed friends there; the men who
proved their love of country when to prove it
meant to die; and who proved it by receiving
upon their own and their wives' and children's
defenseless heads the storm of a huge and
merciless treason, and shall, now in the day
of the nation's triumph, consign them and
their little ones, an^the power of their States,
to the dominion of those who made the rebel-
lion, and whose almost tenderest mercies and
best loyalty the nation, appalled with horror,
has just read in the fire and blood of Memphis
and New Orleans massacres, and shall refuse
to withhold from these authors and architects
of our ruin such powers as the southern patriot's
and the nation's safety demand to be withheld,
then will indeed the day have come when for
our country it will have ceased to be even
decent to die, and when our country will itself
be dead.
Mr. Speaker, I return to the House my thanks
for the singular attention and kindness with
which I have been listened.to, and here quit
the theme.
Mr. ROSS obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Boss] will yield, I desire to
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] desires to deliver a speech which
has been postponed a long time by the discus-
sion on this bill.
Mr. ROSS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. Some gentlemen have asked
me whether I propose to call the previous
question on this bill to-morrow. In answer to
that, I may say that while I do not regret the
length of time which has been occupied by
this debate, especially after the noble speech
to which we have just listened, yet I sec such
diversity of opinion on this side of the House
upon any question of reconstruction that if I
do not change my mind I shall to-morrow
relieve the House from any question upon the
merits of this bill by moving to lay it on the
table.
the norfolk riot.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of December
10, 1866, a report relative to the riot at Nor-
folk, Virginia, on the 16th of April, 1866;
which, on motion of Mr. Eliot, was referred
to the'Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
rev. william 1'incher.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War; transmitting a letter
and other, documents from the Commissioner
6f Freedmen 'relative to the imprisonment in
