1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
which the nation rested at the time of the
arrest and trial of Milligan. The nation was
in a condition of war. The war powers of the
Government were in intensely active operation
and were being applied to every part of the
national domain. When a nation is at war it
acts as a unit. One part of it eannot be in a
state of war and another in a state of peace.
In war the condition of a nation is indivisible,
and the state of war is national. The United
States can not be at war and the State of
Indiana at peace ; for that State is a part of
the United States. The fact that courts were
open in the State of Indiana and that hostile
armies were not encamped within its borders
could not suspend anj; of the war powers of
the United States in time of war. The State
of Indiana was not carrying on war; that was
being done by the United States. Hence,
when Justice Davis and his concurring asso-
ciates remark in their opinion—
" If armies were collected in Indiana they were to
bo employed in another locality where the laws were
obstructed and the national authority disputed. On
her soil there was no hostile foot; if once invaded,
that invasion was at an end, and with it all pretext
for martial law. Martial law cannot arise from a
threatened invasion. The necessity must be aetual
and present; the invasion real, such as effectually
closes the courts and deposes the civil administra-
tion"—
They manifest most singularly crude ideas of
the great questions they are discussing. The
recent war was not one of invasion in any cor-
rect sense of the term; it was a war organized
and carried on against the United States within
their jurisdiction by their own citizens. "Hos-
tile feet'' were pressing more than one halt of
the soil of the United States. Within the Uni-
ted States all of the furies of war were raging.
Army met army, and in the fearful shock men
met death by tens and scores of thousands.
The strong arms of the Government were
stretching out to every home in the land,
breaking the domestic circles and placing their
members in the front of battle, there to fight
$nd die for the safety of the nation. Treasure
and blood flowed in rivers all over the land.
Every resource and power of the Republic was
drawn upon and strained to the utmost limit.
These great facts are forgotten bjr the judges,
who arrest and turn away from their legitimate
offices the war powers of this Government
because the State of Indiana was or was not
actually invaded. Parties in Kentucky, in the
early days of the war, said to the Government,
'! Over the soil of this State no hostile forces
shall pass: neutrality shall be observed through-
out its borders." The voice of the judges
seems like an after-the-war echo of the_ voice
which proclaimed neutrality at the beginning
of the strife. The voices sound alike; both lack
harmony with the Constitution and the national
life, and both were toned by State rights' teach-
ings ; both assert the superiority of the con-
dition of the State over the necessities of the
nation. Had this judicial voice spoken in the
midst of the war as it has since its close, and
enforced its mandate, the Government would
have failed in the struggle, and the confederate
States would to-day occupy a place among the
nations of the earth. It is well for us that we
have a time of peace in which to_ examine the
dangerous tendencies of the positions assumed
by the Supreme Court concerning the warpowers
of the nation and the power of Congress rela-
tive thereto.'"" It is well for us, also, that these
positions are assumed outside of the record^ of
the case presented, and that they are occupied
by a bare majority of the court; that in no sense
do they convey to the nation the law of the
land. These things will direct the attention of
the nation to its highest judicial tribunal, and
ultimately result in checking the present tend-
encies of some of the members of that body
toward thrusting upon the country without war-
rant in the record the opinions of a mere major-
ity the gravest questions of constitutional law.
The failure of the majority of the court to
comprehend the national character of the state
or condition of war produced a natural result.
Having ignored the war status of the nation,
it next shuts its eyes against everything like
martial law, and the laws and usages of war,
except in that circumscribed sphere occupied
by persons in the—
"Land and naval forces, or in the militia, when in
actual service, in time of war or public danger."
Beyon4 this narrow limit, it is said, martial
law cannot extend unless the pressure of actual
war is usuch as effectually closes the courts
and deposes the civil administration." This
seems to me to be perfectly fallacious. There
are such things as martial law, and the laws
and usages of war, and these were put into the
Constitution of the United States with their
entire latitude of jurisdiction, when the framers
of that instrument provided that—
4< Congress shall have power to declare war, grant
letters of marque and reprisal, make rules concern-
ing captures on land and sea. raise and support
armies, provide and maintain a navy, make rules
for the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces, provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections
and repel invasions," &c.
And made the President Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of the United States.
Now, sir, whatever is necessary for the full
enjoyment and effective execution of these
powers follows them as incidents. When the
nation is at war it must be left free to exercise
these powers in such manner as will most surely,
safely, and lawfully promote the interests and
well-being of the Republic. The execution,
administration, and enforcement of these pow-
ers are not devolved on the civil courts or
the ordinary civil authorities. The jurisdic-
tion of these war powers is as comprehensive
as the state of war, and as the latter is national
in its extent the former extends to and em-
braces the nation. I do not mean to be under-
stood as saying that the military authorities
abl&rb the civil jurisdiction throughout the
nation in time of war and may punish civil
offenses, but that they may, under such regu-
lations as Congress may from time to time
establish, punish military offenses.
A military offense may be committed by a
civilian. The civil status of the offender will
not relieve him of liability to punishment.
He may be punished by the authorities who
administer the law against which he has
offended. A civilian may commit an act which
would place in jeopardy an entire army, and
yet his act may not be known to the civil law
as a crime. Hi3 act may hazard the life of
the nation, and yet he be entirely free from
intent to "adhere to the public enemy, giving
him aid and comfort." His act may be a
blunder without intent, but a blunder under
such circumstances is a crime which may be
punished by military authority. Where pun-
ished? The Supreme Court says where the
civil authorities have been deposed and the
civil courts are closed; I say wherever the
state of war exists, and by a court which can
punish according to military law. A civil
court could not try such an offense. The dis-
senting judges in the Milligan case very truth-
fully say:
" The Constitution itself provides for military gov-
ernment as well as for civil government.
And this military government must be clothed
with power to punish offenses against itself or
it would be utterly powerless to enforce its
commands and to protect itself against inter-
ference with its proper offices and powers from
whatever source it may come.
But the majority in the case under consid-
eration say:
" Until recently no one ever doubted that the right
of trial by jury was fortified m the organic law against
the power of attack. It is now assailed; but if ideas
can be expressed in words, and language has any
meaning, this right—one of the most valuable m a
free country—is preserved to every one accused ol
crime who is not attached to the Army or Navy, or
militia in actual service."
I admit, the sacred character and great value
of the right of trial by jury. It is a great right
which should not be abridged. But m the
case of United States vs. Davis, all. 10o, ) it
was held that the provision of the Constitu-
tion which says—
"The accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
public trial, by an impartial jury," &e., "is only in-
tended of those crimes which by our former laws and
customs had been tried by jury."
Now, sir, every one knows that military
offenses never were tried by jury. Henee this
parade of the right of trial by jury can serve no
other office than that of a popular float fo* a
mischievous decision. The guarantee upon
which the court plaees so much stress relates
to those " criminal prosecutions'' in whieh the
accused was entitled to a trial by jury at the
time the clause was placed in the Constitution,
and this is its entire length and breadth.
Great stress is placed upon that part of the
fifth amendment which declares—
"No person shall beheld to answerfor a capital, or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictmentof a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in
actual service, in time of war or public danger."
This relates to crimes known to the common
law, or declared by statute and punishable by
the civil courts. It has no reference whatever
to military offenses. This clause of the Con-
stitution, instead of being a limitation upon
the powers of military tribunals, is an enlarge-
ment of their jurisdiction, inasmuch as it sub-
jects persons attached to the military service
to trial by court-martial for any crime which
they may commit. The common law crime
of murder, if committed by a civilian, can only
be tried upon indictment or presentment of a
grand jury, and by a petit jury. Forthe same
crime a soldier may be tried by a court-mar-
tial. Now, if a soldier may be tried by court-
inartial for the highest grade of common-law
crime, it must follow that for every lesser
grade of common law and statutory crime he
may be tried by the same tribunal. In this
view of the subject I may very well adopt the
language of the majority of the court in the
Milligan case, and say that—
" The framers of the Constitution doubtless meant
to limit the right of trial by jury, in the sixth amend-
ment, to those persons who were subject to indict-
ment or presentment in the fifth."
What follows? Why, that persons involved
" In cases arising in the land and naval forces, or
in the militia, when in actual service in time of war
or public danger"—
No matter what the character of the offense,
and all other persons charged with the com-
mission of military offenses, are not entitled
to trial by jury under the sixth amendment,
because those of the first class are excepted
from the operation of the fifth amendment so
far as it relates to presentment and indictment;
and those of the latter class are charged with
offenses which have never been subjects _ of
indictment or presentment by grand juries.
This construction of the Constitution removes
all danger of conflict between the civil and mili-
tary authorities of the Government. Bach
have their appropriate sphere, clothed with
ample and perfectly harmonious powers to pro-
tect the citizen and the nation. A contrary
construction must render inoperative to an
alarmingly dangerous extent all those parts of
the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, which embrace the war powers of the
nation.
Mr. Speaker, the views which I have endeav-
ored to present are not without support in
former decisions of the Supreme Court. Sec-
tion four of the act of 1*795 declares
"That, the militia employed in the service of the
United States shall be subject to the same rules and
Articles o-f War as the troops of the United btates.
Upon this statute the Supreme Court, in the
case of Martin vs. Mott, 12 Wheaton, 19, fol-
lowing the case of Houston vs. Moore, 5 Whea-
ton, 1, held that—
"Although a militiaman who "fused to obey the
orders of the President calling h™ "J*® fPi™t
service was not, m the sense of the aet, of 1795,
' employed m the service of the United btates. so as
to subject him to the Rules and Articles of \\ ai, >et
he was liable to be tried for the offense under the
fifth section of the same act by a court-martial called
under tie authority of the United btates.
Thus clearly asserting that a person not_ in
tho military service may nevertheless be tried
by a court-martial for a military offense-. Hut
