1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Noell.
Ho. op Reps.
■The women of my district would probably
not exercise this prerogative, but it is their
right and they should have the privilege to
exercise it. As long as the men vote right the
women would be slow to obtrude themselves
upon the public. But in great public emer-
gencies they would step forward and save the
nation.
Rollin in the introduction to his Ancient
History, mentions Aristophanes' play, Lysis-
trata. and comments on it as follows:
"One of the principal magistrates of Athens had a
wife of that name, who is supposed to have taken it
into her bead to compel Greece to conclude peace.
She relates how. during the war, the women, inquir-
ing of their husbands the results of their counsels, and
whether the}* had not resolved to make peace with
Sparta, received no answers but imperial looks and
orders to mind their own affairs; that, however, they
perceived plainly to what a low condition the Gov-
ernment was declined; that they took the liberty to
remonstrate mildly to their husbands upon the rash-
ness of their counsels; but that their humble repre-
tentations had no other effect than to offend and
enrage them; that in fine, being confirmed by the
general opinion of all Attica that there were no
lonjer any men in the State nor heads for the ad-
min.stration of affaire, their patience being quite
exhausted, the.women had thought it proper and
advisable to take the government upon themselves
and preserve Greece, whether it would or not, from
the folly and madness of its resolves. 'For her part,'
she declares that 'she has taken possession of the
city and treasury in order to prevent Pisander and
his confederates, the four hundred administrators,
from exciting troubles according to their custom, and
robbing the public as usual.' She goes on to prove
that the women only arecapableof retrieving affairs;
that admitting things to be in such a state of per-
plexity and confusion, the sex, accustomed to un-
tangling their threads, were the only persons to set
them right again, as being best qualified with the
necessary address, patience, and moderation."—
MoUin't Ancient History, vol. i., p. 69.
When France was beleaguered by foes and
was about to fall under the dominion of a for-
eign scepter, the dark-eyed Maid of Orleans
buckled on her armor and headed her nation's
hosts and saved her country. And at a later
day, when terror reigned in the republic, and
a radical party, drunk with blood, had struck
down religion and law, when every fireside was
invaded and the busy guillotine chopped off
the head of conservatives all day and all night,
day after day, until men were struck dumb with
fear, the blue-eyed Maid of Caen came down
to Paris, and Charlotte Corday struck her dag-
ger to the heart of the chief of the infernal tri-
umvirate and turned back the red waves of
the surging revolution. Women are timid and
averse to destroying anything; but when dan-
ger is so great that the stoutest hearts of men
are appalled, a woman's courage rises to the
full height of her divine nature, and she is
always ready to sacrifice herself for the good
of others. I read yesterday an account of a
tornado which swept along the Mississippi river
above Vicksburg. When it struck the house
the father called to his children to escape from
the house and he ran off himself. The mother,
with that God-given heroism which women
alone possess, rushed in to save them, and the
roaring hurricane dashed down the building
upon her and she died with her children.
These resolutions single out the District of
Columbia and the State of Massachusetts as the
theater of experiment. The District was put
under the absolute dominion of Congress that
it might be the Utopia of the nation. Tom
Corwin related an anecdote of a pioneer com-
pany which went out to Oregon to found a settle-
ment. They run out of provisions, and had to
6ubsist on such roots and herbs as they could
find. One day they got a mess of greens which
proved noxious, and made them all sick. They
nad with them an orphan boy that no one took
any particular interest in. They concluded
that whenever they found any herbs that they
had never seen they would make this boy eat
of them first, and if they did not kill him they
pould till eat them. The District of Columbia
is our orphan child, and we have tried negro
suffrage here. We cannot do worse than -we
have done, and that gives me confidence to
press this measure. Let me say generally i it
Men are fast losing sight of the great prim-ipics
of patriotism and justice. They are generally
controlled by implacable hatred and prejudice
or by sectional selfishness and greed. Women
could not do half so badly as the men. '
Our boys in blue have intermarried with the
dark-eyed girls of the South ; and the gallant
boys in gray have won the affections of golden-
haired maids of the North. Let us unite polit-
ical affinities with these personal attachments
which are constantly springing up in every
community and our whole people will soon
have their hearts full of union.
Though I have no hope of practical results
from this'Congress, I confidently expect that
the Forty-First Congress will come here pledged
to give the women their rights. If the promi-
nent women of the United States withdraw
their support from the Radical party, it will fall
to rise no more. If you provoke opposition
from such women as Mrs. Mott, Mrs. Stanton,
Anna Dickinson, Lucy Stone, and Fannie
Gage, they will drive your radical orators from
every stump in the North. Who get up your
organizations and societies; who raise your
funds ; who get up your sanitary fairs ? The
women! It was through them that millions of
dollars have been raised for the men of the
Radical party to spend. I tell you that every
woman of talent throughout the North is im-
pressed with the conviction that she is injured
by this forced repression and social ostracism.
They say truthfully thatgenius and talents have
no sex.
There is a general reform steadily progress-
ing over the North, especially in the Empire
State. There every woman may control her
own property as a femmc sole. She may enter
into copartnership, trade, or engage in any busi-
ness, and nothing mars her prospects except
the influence of social custom and prejudice.
That is being rapidly overcome, and the men
have been brought down a peg. They con-
desce'nd to assist their wives in the hardest
drudgery. They provide conveniences and
mak£ their homes comfortable and their work
light. It is a spectacle of great significance
and moral sublimity as you pass by a New
England farm of a winter evenihg to see the
devoted husband with his head against the
sides of old Brindle, squeezing the foaming
milk into the pail, while his flaxen-haired
first-born stands "in front feeding her with
"nubbins" and his loving wife is near by
affectionately holding the calf. Such a scene
is well calculated to inspire the friends of
humanity with hope.
Intelligence is gradually restoring to women
the rights that are withheld from her by force.
The world is fast learning that war costs more
than peace. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] demonstrated to us that it cost
this Government over two million dollars to
kill an Indian, and with that amount we could
support the whole Indian race for a longer
time than it takes to make the longest cam-
paign. Killing is the most costly amusement
which mankind enjoys. Let the women vote
and we will have no more war. A woman
would bear a great deal before she would
plunge the country into war, for she is more
injured by war than any other portion of soci-
ety. Among the Romans the women were not
taxed for war debts. On one occasion, in a
great distress for money, a tax was laid upon
the property of women. Hortensia and four
thousand Roman matrons appealed to the
prsetor. She made a speech against war, and
against the injustice of taxing women for war,
that has come down in history as a remarkable
piece of eloquence. The prsetor struck their
names from the tax list.
The women are oppressed because tbey have
submitted without a murmur. But that time
is now past, and from this time on this ques-
tion will be agitated. Our forefathers submit-
ted to the imposition of unjust taxation with-
out representation until the burdens became
bo onerous that they passed non-intercourse
resolutions and threw off the yoke of Great
Britain. This last Government in 1812 as-
sumed prerogatives inconsistent with the honor
of our nationality, and our Government laid
an embargo on our ports, and the British lion
was forced to drop his tail and waive his high
pretensions. Let the women imitate our fore-
fathers and have nothing to do with men who
deny them their rights, and these self-consti-
tuted lords of creation will soon be humbled
as the British lion was.
Last night I attended the temperance meet-
ing in this Hall. I listened to the eloquent
speeches from the cream of orators of the
United States. The startling character of the
revelations were enough to freeze one's blood
and make—
"Each particular hair to stand on end,
Like quills upon the fretful porcupine."
Intemperance we were told filled our jails and
penitentiaries; scattered misery and starvation
over the land; struck down giant minds and
made them driveling fools ; corrupted society
from its foundation; invaded the forum and the
pulpit, and even provoked international wars.
A distinguished speaker said that a few years
ago Lord Buckingham introduced into Parlia-
ment a resolution asking for a committee to
inquire into this great evil which was destroying
the revenue of the nation and the bone and
sinew of the realm, and that he was laughed
at. But Lord Buckingham was a man of great
eloquence, and before he sat down he changed
their laughter to tears and forced them to give
him his committee, which committee had made
an able and convincing report in behalf of tem-
perance. I thought of my own effort here to
get a committee in behalf of a cause lying back
of surface reforms, and how I was lauglied at
by grave men who never laugh except to sneer,
and how a little select committee of five was re-
fused me. Then I wished for the eloque nce of the
great temperance reformer that I might com-
mand the serious attention and impress my
convictions upon the House. Oh, if I had the
eloquent Voice of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] I would make this House
ring with ore rotundas until I brought you all
to a sense of justice. So much for Buckingham.
After I left the Hall the graphic pictures
drawn here haunted me until 1 fell asleep.
Then I had a dream, which was not all a
dream. A spirit stood beside me dressed in
white raiments. Said I, " Who are you, young
man?" He replied, "I am the spirit of just
men made perfect." He had an empty bottle
under his arm, with which he struck the table
where the head-notes of my woman-suffrage
speech lay. Immediately I saw an election, and
the spirit said "1860." The people ranged
themselves along the bar-rooms and said it was
" candidates'treat." The candidates treated
and drank, and everybody had a jolly time.
Then I saw the elected candidates assembled
in Congress, and great discussion arose, and
the partisans on one side went out and took a
drink, and came back saying, we will have our
way or fight; and the partisans on the other
side went out and took a drink and came back
saying, we will have our way or break up the
Government. The good men tried to counsel
moderation, but neither faction heeded their
counsels.
Then the spirit struck his bottle on the table
again and the scene was changed. I saw the
sky red with the glare of a thousand stricken
battle-fields, and heard the opening roar of war,
and saw brave men fall, ana heard curses and
prayers ascend from two million begrimed
warriors toiling and fighting, and I saw two
million families wring their hands with agony
of suspense or despair. Said I, "What means
this?" The spirit replied, "This is man s
sport; it is the jolly dance of war!" Then
I saw a black cloud of men in the distancp,
and saw a great bird of prey hovering over the
whole army, and heard this bird scream with
delight. Said I, "What bird is that?" The
