116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffrebruary 12,
Ho. op Reps.
Civil Government in Louisiana—Mr. Boyer.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
spirit replied, "That is the American eagle."
Said I, ''Young man, what makes the eagle
scream so?'' He replied, "Because the col-
ored troops fought nobly."
Then I saw another army, five hundred
thousand strong, headed by young captains,
who shouted and laughed as the champagne
bottles popped around them; and in the train
were old, palsied, bottle-scarred veterans, nod-
ding their heads with driveling imbecility. Said
I, "What means this army of seare-crows?"
He replied, "That is the array of drunkards
in the United States." "Whereare they march-
ing?" said I. "To drunkards' graves," said
he. "Fifty thousand fall each year in theUni-
ted States." I saw a million ragged women
and children, with pinched, hungry faces fol-
lowing the drunkard army to perdition. Said
I, "Is there no way to disband these ar-
mies?" He struck the old junk bottle on the
very head-notes of my speech, and immediately
I saw five million white-breasted martins fly up
as if released from a cage, and as they rose in
the air they flocked around the American eagle
and picked him feather by feather, until he was
fain to perch in his eyrie, and a white-winged
dove of peace hovered over the land! And
over the drunkard's army I saw a fierce hawk.
"This hawk," said the spirit, "is the liquor
vender, who sinks his poisonous fangs into the
proudest in the land, and drags them to the
drunkard's grave." Then the white-breasted
martins darted at him and tore him limb from
limb.
Then I saw millions of paper fragments fall-
ing gently from the skies. "These," said the
spirit, "are the ballots of the women who have
suffered from war and whisky." When the
hawk was dead an angel hovered over and
emptied the horn of plenty upon a happy peo-
ple and war disappeared from the earth ; grog-
shops were supplanted by places of industry
and thrift. I saw Katy lead Dick to the polls,
and as they walked and whispered lovingly,
they said: "We have removed all temptation
and closed the corner-grocery." Then the
spirit dashed the old junk bottle on the hearth-
stone saying, "There is no more use for this."
And I saw an angel of the fireside gather the
fragments and make a flower vase of them, and
a bunch of fresh blooming posies shed their
fragrance over the room. "Now," said the
spirit, "every woman will have a husband, and
what is more, every man will have a wife." If
there are any other members who are, like
myself, "Josephs," they can interpret that
dream.
Civil Government in Louisiana.
SPEECH OF HON. B. M. BOYER,
of pennsylvania,
In the House op Representatives,
February 12, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
reported from the select Committee on New Orleans
Riots (H. R. No. 1162) for the reestablishment of civil
government in tho State of Louisiana—
Mr. BOYER said:
Mr. Speaker : I am not as well prepared to
enter upon the discussion of this bill now as I
would have been if I had supposed that a meas-
ure of this kind was to be introduced and put
upon its passage at this time. I am not as
well prepared as I should have been if it had
been supposed when the House adjourned yes-
terday that debate would be allowed upon this
bill to-day. at all. But unprepared as I am,
and without notes or previous arrangement, I
shall endeavor to present my objections to this
measure in such form, however desultory, as
that they will be at least understood for what-
ever they may be worth in substance.
This is another example of that impetuous
legislation to which this House has been too
much accustomed. There are excellent rea-
j sons, which unfortunately do not seem to have
, found a lodgment in the minds of the gentle-
i men who represent the Republican party here,
j why a measure so important as this should be
I properly debated and considered. There cer-
j tainly can be no good reason why a bill so
important and involving in its consequences
1 the interests of so many thousands of people
should be hurried with hot haste to its passage
under the operation of the previous question
after but two hours' debate. It seems to be
much easier for the dominant majority in this
House to unite in a measure which aims at the
destruction of States than in a measure in-
tended to restore them. They have as yet
agreed upon no plan for the restoration of the
Union ; but to keep the States apart there
have been many devices which commanded the
united radical vote of this body.
No plan for the restoration of the Union has
succeeded, because no plan of reunion will suit
this Congress but one which will perpetuate the
dominion of the Republican party. It is not
because the Constitution will not be obeyed,
nor because the laws cannot be enforced that
the ten excluded States are deprived of repre-
sentation upon this floor. It is not, therefore,
because this Union cannot be restored that we
are still a divided nation. The difficulty is not
because you are not able to bring back the cit-
izens of the southern States to their allegiance
to the Government, but because you cannot
at the same time convert them into radical
Republicans.
Mr. Speaker, what does this measure pro-
pose ? It proposes, sir, to abolish a State gov-
ernment. It proposes to wipe out a State con-
stitution. And what sort of a government and
what sort of a constitution is it here proposed
to subvert?
The constitution under which the govern-
ment of Louisiana is at this time in peaceful
and successful operation is the constitution
adopted more than two years ago, and ever
since that time recognized and obeyed as the
constitution of that State. Every civil office
in the State of Louisiana has been filled under
its authority. Two successive State Legisla-
tures have been elected, have met, and have
adjourned under its provisions. Everywhere
throughout the State of Louisiana the courts
are open and speech is freer
I admit that the constitution which it is pro-
posed by an act of Congress thus to abolish
was not originally a constitution regularly made
with the active coiiperatiQn of the whole people
of the State. The authority to assemble the
convention which originally framed that con-
stitution was an authority emanating from a
major general commanding the Department of
the Gulf. But a majority of the parishes in
the State sent delegates to the convention, a
constitution was framed and submitted to the
people of the State, and ratified by them;
and the Governor of the State issued his proc-
lamation that it had been regularly adopted.
The whole people of the State of Louisiana
have since then acquiesced in it and obeyed it
as such for more than two years past, during
all of which time Congress has not interfered.
If there were anything in the existing govern-
ment of Louisiana which was subversive of the
principles of the Federal Constitution, or if
there were anything in the constitution of
Louisiana so unjust in its provisions as to call
for the speedy application of a remedy for the
sake of humanity, there might indeed be some
pretext for such a measure as this.
But it is a constitution framed by the very
men who now ask this Congress to destroy it.
It abolishes slavery and prohibits the Legisla-
ture from recognizing the right of property in
man. It prohibits the payment of the rebel
debt; it authorizes the Legislature to extend
suffrage to such of the colored population as
by military service or by taxation to support
the Government or by intellectual fitness may
be deemed entitled thereto. It disqualifies
from holding office, either of profit or trust,
and from exercising the elective franchise,
every person convicted of treason. Such is
the constitution which this bill proposes to
nullify; and the State government established
under this constitution is the government
which this bill proposes to overthrow.
I well know that Congress is besieged by in-
dividuals claiming to be loyal citizens of the
State of Louisiana, who say they have been
driven from their homes by political persecu-
tion. I know that there are such in this city
at this time ; probably there are some of them
at this time in the galleries or in the lobby of
this Hall and within the hearing of my voice.
Some of them may be patriots, but all of
them are office-seekers and political agitators,
and most of them intemperate in speech and
action. It can easily be shown, also, that
those most prominent among these gentlemen
are not men whose antecedents justify them in
setting themselves upas the accepted standards
of loyalty and Unionism in Louisiana. Some
of them were confederate office-holders, and
took the oath of allegiance to the confederate
government. Some of them were members of
secession societies in the early part of the war,
organized to exercise espionage over the move-
ments of Union men. I could name some
among them who voted in favor of hanging
Union men for their Union sentiments, and
who assisted in driving them beyond the lines
of the State for no other reason than that they
stood by the flag of the nation. I will not
name them here; I have named some of the
most prominent among them in the minority
report, which, as a member of the Committee
to investigate the New Orleans Riots, I had the
honor yesterday topresenttothisHouse. I have
named them in that report, and I have accom-
panied the mention of their names with the
proof. I maintain that even these men can
live safely in Louisiana ; but they are here to
traffic with their bogus loyalty and to manu-
facture political capital out of their voluntary
martyrdom.
These men tell us that they cannot live in
peace in the State of Louisiana, and they ask
us for their saltes to establish another govern-
ment there. Look to their antecedents, and it
will be seen that it is office they want rather
than peace. They were the advocates of the
rebellion when it was strong; they deserted
it when it became weak. They were only polit-
ical adventurers then; they are but political
adventurers now; and what they want is not a
better government in the State of Louisiana,
but they want a government so constructed
that under it they can obtain the monopoly of
the offices. That is all they want.
At the foundation of this proposed change
of government in Louisiana are two motives.
One is to get hold of the offices of the State; the
other is to bring Louisiana ultimately into this
Union with a Radical-Republican representa-
tion in Congress. Why is she and why are the
other nine States that have no representation
upon this floor excluded, while Tennessee has
been admitted ? Tennessee was a part of the
confederacy; Tennessee seceded; Tennessee
fought gallantly in opposition to the Union cause
side by side with Louisianaand South Carolina.
Why is it that Tennessee is not proscribed ?
Why is it that we see her Representatives upon
the floor of this House? There are two rea-
sons. One is that Tennessee bent her knee in
subserviency to radical rule. She elected a
radical Legislature and a radical Governor,
by the help of certain restrictions imposed by
the Federal Government upon her voting pop-
ulation. The other reason is that the Presi-
dent of the United States is himself a citizen
of Tennessee, and it was too striking and prac-
tical a refutation of the radical theory of ex-
clusion that an "alien enemy" should sit iu
the presidential chair.
Butgentlemen on the other side of this Cham-
ber seem to think that they cannot afford to
