1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of the orders under which subordinates
act are mere verbal commands. These per-
sons are as much entitled to the protection
of the Government as are the higher grade
of officers who may be able to present the
written orders or instructions of the Presi-
dent delivered directly to them or kept on
the records of the appropriate department.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the bill, taken as a
whole, is a good one. I know it has been
drawn with great care, and that it has had the
deliberate^ consideration of the Committee on
the Judiciary. That it may work harshly in
some cases I do not doubt; but this results
from the fact that it is necessarily general in
its application, and all general rules have their
exceptions. This could not be more readily
avoided in this instance than in any other. I
can but express the hope that the bill will be
approved by the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, this bill goes
a good way toward granting indemnity 1 ad-
mit, but it is not in the English fashion of
giving direct indemnity. In the act of indem-
nity for the President, which we passed about
the middle of the war, we copied the English
statute, putting in a direct and explicit indem-
nity for all acts done under his orders. I do
not know that that is necessary. This bill
possibly goes far enough to legalize all these
acts without a special act of indemnity, but I
would suggest to the gentleman to put in a
direct indemnity to all persons who acted
under these proclamations.
The law with regard to the power of mili-
tary tribunals is one about which there is not
very great harmony among the legal fraternity.
While I feel disposed to support them all as
far as possible, and while I believe that noth-
ing has been done by them which was not
requisite for the country, yet I am not quite
prepared to believe that a mere civilian can
commit an offense except it be as a spy, which
can be tried by a military tribunal. Take, for
instance, the case of Mr. Harris, of Maryland,
who was tried by a military tribunal, he never
having been in the Army or Navy, or in any
way participating in military operations, but
being simply charged with giving a dollar to a
confederate soldier to buy a night's lodging.
I have not made up my mind yet, but I can
hardly believe that an offense of that kind is
triable by a military tribunal.
I do not wish, however, to criticise this pro-
ceeding. I am not quite as competent to decide
it as those who ordered the trial; still I should
like to see full indemnity provided, if it is not
already contained in the bill, to everybody who
acted on any such tribunal as that. That Con-
gress could authorize such trials, just as they
can now authorize them in the rebel States, I
have no doubt at all. That part of the opinion
of the Supreme Court is, I ought not to say
absurd, but I think clearly erroneous. But
without such authority, I have some doubt
about the validity of these tribunals and I
should like to see the officers who acted on
them have direct indemnity.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that before he yields the floor he call the
previous question, and if the House sustains it
we had better act on the bill to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentlemaiT from Iowa whether he intends by
this bill to prevent the review of any case or
cases where the parties may now be in prison
or may now be suffering from decisions which
they claim to be illegal, if his purpose is, as far
as an act of Congress can do it, to prevent a
reviewal of any such cases as that?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The purpose of
the bill is very plainly indicated in its terms,
and that is to deprive the civil courts of the
United States of all jurisdiction in relation to
the acts of military commissions and courts-
martial.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it the purpose of this
bill to prevent a review of any case where the
party may be now in prison, and illegally in
prison, under some sentence of some pretended
1487
military court? Is it to deny justice to sach
persons and to prevent them from obtaining
what they have a right to under the Constitu-
tion and the laws?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill has no
reference to "pretended military tribunals,"
but to those which have acted in pursuance of
the orders of the proper officers of tlfe Gov-
ernment of the United States. Now, if the
gentleman has a particular case to which he
wishes to direct my attention, I will endeavor
to give him an answer in regard to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no particular case,
but I suppose there are many cases where par-
ties have been condemned by these military
tribunals and who are now suffering the penal-
ties pronounced upon them by those tribunals,
and which may be illegal. I desire to know
if it is the purpose of this bill to inflict upon
them still further illegal punishment and to
prevent them from having any remedy, or to
prevent them from asserting their rights under
the Constitution and laws, where they have
been illegally tried and convicted?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have already
stated that the purpose of this bill is to keep sep-
arate and distinct the civil and military jurisdic-
tion of the Government, that the civil courts
shall not interfere with the military tribunals
in the administration of military law, cxcept so
far as the Congress of the United States may
confer that jurisdiction, nor shall the military
tribunals interfere with the exercise of the
proper jurisdiction of the civil courts except
so far as belongs to them under the powers
that may be conferred upon them by the legis-
lative branch of the Government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the gentleman going
to deprive these parties of the opportunity of
inquiring where the jurisdiction of the one ends
and the other begins? Is the party to have no
remedy, but must he suffer, without the right
of trying the question where the jurisdiction
of the one court commences and where the
jurisdiction of the other ends?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It seems to be
very difficult for me to give an answer which
shall be satisfactory to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] or which he can
comprehend ; that may be my fault and not his.
I will say again that if the proceedings have
been in pursuance to proper orders, if the per-
sons who have acted have done so in pursu-
ance of those orders, the effect of this bill will
be to remove entirely from the jurisdiction of
the civil courts the power to review these pro-
ceedings. And the last clause, to which I will
call the attention of the House, simply pro-
vides that persons who have claimed to act in
pursuance of these proclamations of the Presi-
dent shall be deemed prima facie to have
acted in pursuance of such orders and proc-
lamations. In a case of that kind the burden
of proof is thrown upon those who may ques-
tion the authority of the person claiming to
have acted as an agent of the Government.
That provision is based upon the well-settled
principle of law that persons who are acting
for the Government as its officers or agents
are presumed to act in pursuance of law in the
discharge of their duty. It is merely proposed
to extend that principle of law so as to cover
the cases of all officers and soldiers who are
now made subject to civil action for what they
have done in pursuance of orders or proclama-
tions of the President during the war.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly; for a
question."
Mr. STOKES. I desire to know whether
this bill will relieve soldiers against whom suits
have been or may be brought for acts done
while in the military service of the Govern-
ment and before they were mustered out ? If
the gentleman will allow me I will state that
there are a number of cases of the kind to
which I have referred. There is not a court
in my district before which suits have not been
brought against Federal _ soldiers for alleged
crimes or offenses committed while they were
in the military service of the Government.
These soldiers are obliged to fee lawyers to
defend them,^ and thus are compelled to pay
out all the little money that they may have
earned in the service of their country. Some
of them are already in prison, and many of
them are being persecuted and hunted down by
the rebel portion of the community. Now, I
ask the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
whether this bill will reach those cases, and
whether it will relieve these Federal soldiers
and take them away from the jurisdiction of a
rebel judge and a rebel jury?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not doubt
that this bill will cover every case where a
person has acted in pursuance of the orders or
proclamations of the President, or of orders
approved by him.
Mr. STOKES. Then I will vote for the bill.
Mr. PIKE. I would call the attention of
the gentlemau from Iowa to the fact that the
bill as it now stands only pertains to procla-
mations and orders of the President made be-
fore the 1st day of December, 1805. I would
inquire what objection would there he to make
the date subsequent to that? There have been
military commissions held since that time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to changing the date if the House desire it.
Mr. PIKE. I move, then, to amend the bill
by striking out "December, 1835," and insert-
ing "July, 186(5."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Now, unless there
is a general desire to refer the consideration
of this bill to some other day, I will call the
previous question upon it.
Mr. IIISE. I understood the gentleman to
say a moment ago that he did not propose to
press this bill to a vote to-night, provided there
was a desire on this side of the House to enter
upon a discussion of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If there is a gen-
eral desire that this bill shall not be put upon
its passage to-night, of course, I will not press
it; but I will test that by asking a vote on
seconding the call for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Gentlemen around me
say they understood the gentleman from Iowa
to say that he would not press this bill to a
vote without some debate upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the previous
question should be seconded, and gentlemen
on the other side desire to discuss the bill, it
can go over until to-morrow, when I will be
willing to yield to them the most of the hour
to which I would be  ntitled to close the de-
bate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The understanding was
that a reasonable timfe for debate would be
allowed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am pressed on
all sides by members who desire to proceed
with the consideration of the tax and tariff
bills and other measures of legislation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me that so
important a measure as this is ought not to be
passed without some opportunity for discussing
it beingflowed.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I will' test the
question by calling for a vote of the House
upon seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Jlr. ELDRIDGE. Will not the gentleman
consent to let this bill go over until to-morrow
without at present calling the previous question
upon it? lie can call the previous question
to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would myself be
very willingto dothat; butwe all know that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
lias the power to make a privileged motion,
which would prevent me from getting up this bill
again until the tax bill and tariff bill have both
been disposed of; that is, the motion to suspend
the rules for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on those bills. Under
other circumstances I would allow any latitude
of discussion which the other side might desire;
but the gentleman can appreciate the position
in which I am placed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Some gentlemen an this
