1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11?
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Government in Louisiana—Mr. Boyer.
Ho. of Reps.
admit any more of the "wayward sisters" !
into the national family; not that Unionism
would thus be put down, because the repre-
sentatives of all the southern States, if ad-
mitted here would constitute a powerless mi-
nority; but the fat offices would slip away
from the Republican grasp, and the tyranny
of the two-third majority would come to an
end.
In order to bring in the now excluded States
of the South at some future day as States in
subservient accord with the dogmas of the
Republican party, it is necessary to resort to
certain measures of coercion subversive of their :
rights as States in the Union. Louisiana is ;
to-day to be selected as the victim. If the ex-
periment succeeds, it will be tried on all the
others. It is unblushingly proposed by this
bill to effect that purpose by establishing a
negro government in the State of Louisiana.
The fifth section of the bill extends the right
of suffrage to the colored population without
restriction. There are in the State of Louisi-
ana about twenty-eight or thirty thousand white
voters. If suffrage is extended to the colored
population, as it will be if this bill passes,
there will be from thirty to thirty-five thousand
negro voters. Therefore, the State of Louisi-
ana will pass out of the hands of white men
into the hands of the negroes as soon as the
government organized under this bill shall go j
into operation.
But this does not seem to be sufficient in the
eyes of its authors to insure the accomplish-
ment of the design; and therefore it is that this
bill provides in addition for the disfranchise-
ment of a majority of the white voters of the
S'ate. Rufus King Cutler, one of the most
influential leaders among those who set them-
selves up to be the peculiarly " loyal'' men in I
the State of Louisiana, in his testimony before
the investigating committee, after mentioning
the statistics of population to which I have just
referred said, that after the extension of suf-
frage to the negroes and the disfranchisement
of white men (just as is provided in this bill)
he believed thai with the help of the military
power of the United States the local govern-
ment thus established might be maintained.
One might suppose that gentleman had drafted
this bill; it accords so well with his notions of
what the government of Louisiana should be.
And who is he who sets himself up as the
indicator to this Congress of the kind of gov-
ernment which ought to be established in that
State? There was during the war a rebel com-
pany known in the confederate army by the
name of the "King Cutler Guards" a com-
pany equipped at the expense of the individual
I have named. I shall not consume time by
going over in detail the loyal antecedents of
the other gentlemen to whom I have alluded.
I refer those who have any curiosity upon the
subject to the report of the minority of the in-
vestigating Committee on the New Orleans
Riots.
I have not heard urged upon this floor by
the honorable gentleman who reported this
bill, and whose first intention it was to pass it
without any debate, any reasons assigned why
the existing government of Louisiana should
be abolished; and therefore it is impossible
for me to take up his argument as I should like
to do, step by step, and show upon what sort
of a foundation this proposition rests. I cannot
analyze his argument, because he has presented
none; and it is therefore left for me to antici-
pate what possibly might be the excuse which
would be offered if he had condescended to
offer one at all.
It was said some time ago, when the com-
mittee was appointed to investigate the New
Orleans riots, that there had been registered
in this Congress—in some secret Republican
caucus, I presume—a decree that the govern-
ment of Louisiana was to be subverted, and
the State reduced to the condition of a Terri-
tory, and that a committee of three had been
appointed to go down to New Orleans for the 1
purpose of hunting up an excuse for such legis- I
lation. If we look to the report of the major- j
ity of the committee, and to this bill submitted
by the chairman, it appears that the committee
has come fully up to the demands of its mis-
sion.
It will be a surprising thing doubtless to the
people of Louisiana when they learn a com-
mittee, sent to New Orleans for the purpose of
investigating a local riot, put upon trial in
secret session the State of Louisiana itself, and
now hold accountable before this Congress and
the nation the entire people of the State for a
local disturbance in which a few hundred were
engaged, and which was confined to a few
squares within the city of New Orleans. It
might have surprised even -me, as a member of
that committee, if I had not had some previous
experience in this body, when I found the
range which the inquiry was taking, and the
determination to hold accountable for its con-
sequences so many thousands of those who
never had any knowledge or warning of the
disturbance. The riot of the 30th of July
does, indeed,- embrace some circumstances
much to be deplored; but I maintain that it
did not arise in any degree whatever out of
any hostile feeling which the people of the city
of New Orleans or the people of the State of
Louisiana entertained toward the Government
of the United States. It was a riot which
under similar circumstances could have been
provoked in any other quarter of the Union.
But while the committee was investigating
the origin and progress of the riot, there was
"lugged" into the examination a great deal of
testimony bearing on the general sentiments
and feelings of the people of the State of Louisi-
ana, not by the introduction of facts, but of
opinions. The facts themselves were meager
enough, but the opinions were as strong as the
majority of the committee could desire; for
they called to the stand as witnesses upon this
point the very individuals who by incendiary
speeches and revolutionary acts and threats of
violence had themselves produced the riot,
and they came before the committee and swore
through their own case as a matter of course.
It would have been much more conducive to
the ends of impartial justice if there had been
some consultation between all the members of
the committee as to some impartial system to
be pursued in the examination of witnesses in
the case; and that would have been done if it
had been intended to make this investigation
profitable for any oflier than a party purpose.
If the public sentiment of the State was to
be inferred from the testimony of witnesses
called by the committee, it would have been
more in accordance, in my judgment, with the
ends of a fair investigation, and more product-
ive of light upon this important question if
it had been so arranged that from all parts of
the State men not involved in the movement
of the conventionists of the 80th of July- had
been summoned to testify in regard to the
state of affairs in their respective localities.
When the committee did allow, upon the
suggestion of citizens of New Orleans, wit-
nesses to be called whose opinions on public
questions might be regarded as reliable from
ttie character of the wituesses themselves and
from the position they occupied in society and
in the State, it will be found upon reference to
their testimony that the government of the
State of Louisiana as it now exists is a gov-
ernment in which justice is for the most part
fairly administered in the courts and else-
where, without distinction of race, color, or
opinion.
Union men, not such Union men as the "lat-
ter-day saints," to whom I have before referred,
but men who were loyal in the beginning, when
the rebellion seemed to be strong aaa when
public sentiment was overwhelming lnits favor,
men who stemmed the secession tide, wno
resisted the influences which were employed to
carry the State of Louisiana out of the Union,
as long as resistance could be of any avail, and
therefore men to whose judgment and state-
ments of fact we ought to pay a decent regard.
The individual instances in which facts were
testified to showing injustice in the courts were
very few. There was but a single district in the
whole State of Louisiana in reference to which
there was any proof whatever that the course
of justice had been obstructed or that jurors
were influenced by their political feelings.
I do not propose to take up the testimony
and show in detail what appears in the evi-
dence. I leave that to the members of the
House who desire to enlighten themselves by
the perusal of the testimony hereafter to be
printed and laid before them. I see, at this
moment, in the hand of one of my colleagues,
the chairman of the committee, an advance
copy of the printed testimony; and if he or
any other gentleman on the other side desires
to make a speech on this subject I have no
doubt he can select from different parts of it
much which, standing by itself, would seem to
favor the views of those who are pressing the
passage of this bill, for the testimony is volumi-
nous and varied. Time does not permit me
to enter upon that sort of analysis of the tes-
timony, and all I propose to do this day is
simply to refer gentlemen to the testimony
itself, and to ask that before they vote upon
this bill they shall take time to look it over and
to investigate the subject in a manner befitting
the magnitude of the occasion.
It is no light thing to take away the govern-
ment of a people and blot out the existence
of a free State.
There are those in this Hall who profess to
regard with veneration the precepts and ex-
ample of the late President. I have always
myself regarded the memory of President Lin-
coln with respect, because whether he was
right or wrong I always thought he loved his
country and was actuated by patriotic motives.
In reference to this very government of Louisi-
ana, one of the very last councils he gave near
the close of his Administration was that the
government of the people there, inaugurated
under the constitution of 1854, should be en-
couraged. You remember well the homely but
apt illustration by which he enforced his coun-
sel. You could sooner get a fowl by hatching
the egg, said he, than by smashing it; and that
although this government of Louisiana might
then not be precisely all that might be desired,
it was a move in the right direction and ought
to be fostered and sustained by the Federal
Government. But no chickens are allowed to
be hatched by this Congress unless the eggs
have upon them the label of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, and warranted to produce
radical Republican fowls. [Laughter.]
A Member. Shanghais. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOYER. Therefore it is that the com-
mittee of fifteen, organized nearly two years
ago for the purpose of restoring this Union,
have sat upon their basket of eggs without
producing a single well-developed living fowl;
and we have at last the authentic announce-
ment of the chairman, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] made yesterday
to the House, that the eggs were all addled.
[Laughter.]
I do not say that the government of Louisi-
ana is perfect in its operation or that no injus-
tice is ever suffered there. I do not say that
in every court in that State every jgdff^ is
fallible and every jury unbiassed. Iknow of
no States and I know of no coaite anywhere
within the limits of this broad land towhich
we can impute absolute perfection and mfialli-
JjOuisiana u,  - ... .
ministered, the constitution of 1864, is
a government in peaceful and regular opera-
tion, under which, in general, the laws are
