1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL iGIiQBE.
119
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Defrees,
Ho. of Reps.
should be encouraged. To accomplished this
I am willing to vote for any measure having
clearly in view the complete and final settle-
ment of our difficulties coming from any quar-
•ter, from any individual, or from any of the
great leaders of this House. It matters not to
me so that this great object is attained. I am
in favor of forever setting aside the concoctors
of the late rebellion; they should
"Never more be officers of mine."
Yet no vote of mine shall be given which would
blot one star from the flag nor one State from
the Union.
With care we may escape the dreadful dan-
gers which now surround us, become a truly
united people, with energy to restore, beautify, i
and stimulate the great resources of the coun- i
try, and take our stand as the foremost nation
of the world. We can do none of these things
under this bill.
Reconstruction.
REMARKS OF HON. J. H. DEFREES,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1867,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the latety rebellious States.
Ttfr. DEFREES. Mr. Speaker, but little
over six months ago this Congress submitted
a plan to the country providing a way by which
the States lately in revolution might be restored
to "their practical relations with the General
Government." That plan was supposed at the
time to have been a liberal one upon the part of
the loyal States, and the generosity of the peo-
ple of those States was fully manifested when
the question came to be submitted to them for
consideration. None doubted but that the dis-
organized States would readily accept of the
constitutional amendment as a finality, and tlnjs
forever settle the existing difficulties. But in
that expectation the country has been disap-
pointed ; and it is not necessary to discuss the
question whether such refusal was brought
about by the Executive, as some allege, or
whether the rebellious spirit alone that seems
yet to exist on the part of the community that
inhabit those States caused its rejection. One
thing, however, is a fact, that all the disloyal
States have repudiated it.
Under these circumstances it would seem
that something further in the way of legislation
should be done—in addition to the proposed
constitutional amendment, which 1 believe
should still be exacted as a condition—which
will speedily cause to be organized republican
governments in those States, and which will
give full protection to all the people.
To effect this object a number of bills have
been drawn and reported to the House, and
among them one by myself; but they have all
alike have been swallowed up by the great mael-
strom that exists here, the committee ot fifteen
on reconstruction, and will never again be per-
mitted to see the light of day. According to the
rule adopted nothing that relates to a reorgan-
ization of the rebel States can be considered,
unless it comes through that committee, and is
by it indorsed. Notwithstanding this state ot
facts, I will take the liberty to recur to some
of the leading features of the bill siAmitted by
me, which, 1 think, if they were carried into
operation, would furnish a government that
would give peace and quietude and protect all
the interests of the people of every class.
In the first place, after setting forth the facts
connected with the organizing of the present
governments in the preamble, it provides that
marshals shall be appointed in every county in
each State to organize a board preparatory to
holding an election of the people, irrespective
of color, and permitting all to vote for dele-
gates to a convention (except certain lead-
ing rebels) to be assembled at the capital of
each State, at a given time, for the purpose of
making a constitution. When such constitu-
tion is made and ratified by the people, and
indorsed by Congress as being republican, then
the existing local governments that have been
set up by executive authority shall cease to be.
Again, provision is made, as an inducement to
the citizens to acquiesce in the proposed plan
of government, for an amnesty, to apply to all
who may have been engaged in rebellion, re-
storing them to full citizenship, and releasing
them from liability for their treason, excepting
those that will be excluded by the proposed
constitutional amendment from holding official
position; and all such are disqualified from
not only voting, but from serving as delegates
to any one of the State conventions provided
for. This provision of course is conditional,
and is only effective should the new govern-
ment go into force in good faith. The Pres-
ident is required to furnish sufficient force from
the Army and Navy to protect the people in
carrying out the provisions of the law.
Such are the general features of the bill,
and it seems to me, guarded as it is, that no
injustice- can arise to any, but that all may
join in the measure of organizing a funda-
mental law for their State, and assist in put-
ting into motion the machinery of Government.
I am aware that most of the measures hereto-
fore proposed for organizing those revolted
States have been based upon the principle that
none but those who wholly abstained from
taking any part in the rebellion, or did not
sympathize with traitors, should take part in
reconstruction. That position now, whatever
may have been its correctness, is hardly
tenable. The proposed constitutional amend-
ment ignores any such idea, but upon the other
hand fully restores all to their original rights,
except a certain class especially provided
against. For the interest of the general wel-
fare, and especially for those who inhabit these
disturbed States, it certainly is essential that a
homogeneity of feeling should be encouraged,
and all the past blotted from memory as far as
may be, and that the pulse of the nation once
more beat in unison, so that we may go on
and fulfill the expectations of the liberty-loving
in establishing an empire where equal and exact
justice is meted out to all people, irrespective
of nationality.
Mr. Speaker, I have but little expectation that
any views that I may entertain will meet with
much favor from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. They have peculiar notions of their own,
and they occasionally report something upon
the subject; but they take good care to hedge
around their propositions with such parlia-
mentary obstacles as will prevent an amend-
ment even to be offered to their bills. Not long
since that committee gave us a bill in the shape
of a territorial government for the rebel States,
but it contained some provisions not fully satis-
factory to a majority of the House ; and by
vote, after discussion, it was recommitted to the
same committee for alteration or amendment.
It was expected that in a short time the bill
would be returned containing amendments in
accordance with the views, as near as possible,
that the discussion had drawn out. But, sir,
what was the surprise a few days ago when,
instead of reporting a bill providing for civil
governments for the revolted States, one was
sent to this House establishing a military des-
potism all over the South—a measure unheard
of and unprecedented in the history of our
legislation. When in the annals of the world
was it ever necessary for a Republic in full
vigor of its power, and the people in more
than three fourths of its territory indorsing
and sustaining by their moral force its govern-
ment, was it necessary to abandon its effort to
furnish its people with republican civil Govern-
ment and force upon them a purely military
organization whose dictum is the supreme law ?
The necessity, if one exists, for resorting to a
measure of this character is strong presump-
tive evidenpe that the great Republic is on the
wane, or that those who are now directing its
affairs are not capable of grasping the situa-
tion and bringing out of it such events as the
people demand.
This bill furnishes no solution to our diffi-
culties. Instead of providing the means where-
by the people might organize a government
upon a proper basis, it will tyrannize over
them worse than the despotisms that are now
in "existence in that part of the country where
the law is to be enforced. Was there ever a
time that the military, when the power of State
was conferred upon it, that it ever sympathized
with the masses of the people? The whole
system of military law partakes of aristocracy,
and our brigadiers, as well as those of lesser
degree, will in a short time be in sympathy
with the rebel aristocracy of the South, for
they yet control the wealth of the country,
and the poor white loyalists and freedmen
will feel the force of military rule. In case of
controversy between the aristocrat and the
freedman, your corporal, who may be vested
with a little "brief authority," sits as umpire
between the parties, although he may be as
ignorant of law and justice as the musket he
carries on his shoulder ; yet there is but one
appeal from his decision, to that of the briga-
dier, who will be governed by the known rules
of military discipline, and his judgment is
final. Why, sir, in the darkest days of the
rebellion, when it almost seemed as though
the nation's life must perish, no such power
was conferred upon an officer of the Army.
If a citizen was so unfortunate as to fall under
the ban of military law he had an appeal from
a military court to the President of the United
States, where his case was revised, and a de-
cision had upon its merits uninfluenced by
camp surroundings.
Sir, it would seem that the warning voice of
history can make no impression upon the friends
of this measure. When Rome placed her civil
power in the hands of the military her history
was written as a republic. Her liberties were
soon swallowed up, and an emperor swayed a
scepter over her people. It will not do to say
that such can never take place in our country.
So thought the ancient republics. Inaugurate
the military power over one third of our Re-
public and there is no telling where the end
will be. I know it is said that this measure is
hut a temporary one, and only intended to oper-
ate until Congress can establish civil govern-
ments. When will that be? This session is
almost at its close, and where is the plan for
civil government? Why not place the civil
government in the foreground, and let the mili-
tary, if needs be, assist in putting it into oper-
ation?
But, Mr. Speaker, what laws in those re-
volted States are to be put in force by this
military government? Certainly not those
made by the governments that the President
set up, for these are called illegal. Not the
laws of Congress, for Congress makes no laws
of a police character to be enforced in the
States. Congress makes no laws to regulate
the dealings between individuals. Congress
makes no laws regulating the settlement of
estates and the divisions of property. Con-
gress makes no laws for punishing burglary or
arson. What laws, then, are to be enforced?
None, sir, but the dictum, of the brigadier.
He is governor, legislature, itnd judiciary. His
will is supreme, and all have got to bow to it,
and acknowledge him" "Lord of all he sur-
veys."
Sir, the loyal people of this country want no
such despotism organized in any part of the
Republic. What they demand is a govern-
ment that will give all eqoal rights and have
those rights amply secured. They want a civil
government to go in advance of the military,
and to have the military subordinate to it, to
be used only as * handmaid to assist, if neces-
sary, the enforcement of the enactments made
