1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
result even in a civil proceeding, much less in
a criminal one, for a violation of the law. Until
there is a vigorous effort on the part of the
department, it is impossible we can prevent
these frauds or derive any considerable reve-
nue from this source.
Now, sir, the true remedy in my opinion lies
in the Committee of Ways and Means revising
this system to its foundation. Last year we
created a horde of inspectors, an inspector for
every distillery in the country. Men hired at
fivedollars a day have been set down in every
distillery, and there is no distiller who carries
on business of any importance who cannot
afford to pay that inspector to aid him in vio-
lating the law. He acts as a spy or informer,
and the Committee of Ways and Means seem
to expect a man employed at this small salary
can" be placed in a distillery as a protection
against fraud. It is a mere waste of time to
be legislating in this way.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me to suggest there is
only one inspector in each distillery to watch
night and day.
Mr. SLOAN. The whole system is wrong,
and until it is reorganized it is idle to expect
any considerable revenue.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say in response
to one point the gentleman has made he is mis-
taken in alleging no prosecution has been
made. Suits have been brought, but the courts
have dismissed the parties on a fine of a six-
pence or an imprisonment of an hour. We
do not propose to continue the discretion in
the court, but now provide the fine shall not
be less than a certain amount and the impris-
onment shall not be for less than a certain
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. In what part of the Uni-
ted States did that administration of the law
take place ?
Mr. GARFIELD. New York.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman for in-
formation, what was the amount collected by
this tax ?
• Mr. GARFIELD. From January to Jan-
• uary $37,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Within that time how much
whisky was distilled?
Mr. GARFIELD. The general estimate is
we have not received the tax on more than two
gallons in five.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the committee have
undertaken to perfect our system. Instead of
teariug up the whole system, as the gentleman
from Wisconsin suggests, we have, I think,
established some good safeguards. If this pro-
cess of continuous distillation be permitted,
if we are not to cut up this distillation into
several processes so we can examine into them,
then they have covered up the chief source of
all the frauds upon the revenue. I hope it will
not prevail.
Then there is another thing in which we have
made a vital change. As the law now stands,
one man inspects the whisky in the warehouse
and the same man inspects it out of it. He
may cover his tracks; he may lie twice and
shield himself. We have now two inspectors,
one to inspect in, and one to inspect out.
I move that the committee rise to close
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Boot-
well reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being House bill No. 1161,
amending the existing laws relating to internal
revenue, and had directed him to report that
they had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that all debate on
the ponding section of the tax bill in the Com-
mittee of the Whole be closed in five minutes
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be
suspended and the Hoase resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Botttweix in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the tax bill as
the special order.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. FARQUHAR. I raise the point of
order, that having moved this proposition I
am entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana has already spoken.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is a
very important question to the interest of the
revenue laws and of our western distillers; and
for myself I should not oppose the proposi-
tion if I believed it would have the effect to
injure honest distillers in the West. But if I
understand this question, without professing to
have any practical knowledge of the subject,
for I have none, the difficulty in placing the
necessary instruments within the establishment
for the distillation of alcohol is found in the
fact that illicit whisky may come into the dis-
tillery without paying any tax and go out of it
again branded as alcohol or rectified spirits
without paying the tax. I do know that such
was the case in one instance in my own city
under the tax law prior to August, 1866. Now,
the object of this amendment is to prevent at
least one source of fraud, so that if there are
any honest distillers who desire to conduct the
business of rectifying whisky they can do so
by erecting alongside of the distillery another
establishment which will enable them to do it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman let
me cali his attention to the fact that I am not
proposing to allow rectifying under this amend-
ment, but redistillation.
Mr. ALLISON". I understand perfectly that
the proposition is to manufacture alcohol by con-
tinuous distillation. But I say by allowing that
process to go on in one building you open the
door whereby alcohol may be distilled, not in
the original still which distills the first-proof
spirits, but for whisky that is brought illicitly
into the building; and it is for that purpose
that it is deemed dangerous by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and by the special
commissioner appointed for that purpose, to
have such processes carried on in the same
building.
Mr. HILL. Does the gentleman propose to
legislate to prevent the pursuit of honest in-
dustry because some illicit whisky is introduced
into distilleries?
Mr. ALLISON. Of course we do not intend
to prevent a man from conducting an honest
business, but we do propose to throw around
the business of manufacturing whisky every
possible precaution for the prevention of fraud.
And those who are familiar with the subject
do say this is one of the greatest avenues of
fraud in the internal revenue. For myself,
though it may inconvenience the distillers, yet
if it is necessary to prevent fraud I am for pro-
hibiting any process of distillation being con-
ducted in a building where proof-spirits are
distilled.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. If whisky is
brought into the distillery illicitly and made
into alcohol, and is inspected and found to be
three times the original strength, do you not
get three times the tax?
Mr. ALLISON. You would if it was done
honestly.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Your machin-
ery will indicate the proof as well as you can
indicate the temperature of water.
Mr. ALLISON. Those who have liad expe-
rience in this matter say it is done dishonestly,
and I do know it opens a wide door for fraud
where alcohol is distilled in the same building.
Now, if the distiller is compelled to remove his
proof-spirits from the building to another, and
then allow it to pass through this further pro-
cess of distillation, there aro officers who oan
detect him in any attempt at fraud, because
everv barrel must be inspected and marked in
accordance with the provisions of law. I doubt
very much whether there can be a continuous
process of distillation ; it is a redistillation,
and nothing more or less.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The amendment of Mr. Fabquahar was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add atthe close
of the section the following:
And m-ovided further. That the tax shall not be
collected from spirits manufactured in the State of
iennesso and consumed prior to the 1st day of August,
1866.
_ It is the same proposition I offered to a pre-
vious part of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I move in line three to
strike out two dollars and insert fifty cents.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk commenced reading section four-
teen.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I move to strike out two
dollars and insert one dollar.
Several Members. Too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that it
is too late.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That proof-spirit
shall beheld and taken to be that alcoholic liquor
which contains one half its volume of alcohol of a
specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred
and thirty-nine ten thousandths at sixty degrees
Fahrenheit; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to adopt, procure, and prescribe
for use such hydrometers, weighing and gauging
instruments, meters, or other means for ascertaining
the strength and quantity of spirits subject to tax,
and 10 prescribe such rules and regulations as he may
deem necessary to insure a uniform and correct sys-
tem of inspection, weighing, and gauging of spirits
subject to tax throughout the United States. And in
all sales of spirits hereafter made, where not other-
wise specially agreed, a gallon shall be taken to be a
gallon of first-proof, according to the foregoing stand-
ard set forth and declared for the inspection and
gauging of spirits throughout the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend that sec-
tion by inserting after the word " tax," in line
nine, the -words "or for the prevention or de-
tection of frauds by distillers of spirits so
that it will read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to adopt, procure, and prescribe for use such hy-
drometers, weighing and gauging instruments, me-
ters, or other meansfor ascertaining the strength and
quantity of spirits subject to tax, or for the preven-
tion or detection of frauds by distillers of spirits, and
to prescribe such rules and regulations as he may
deem necessary to insure a uniform and correct sys-
tem of inspection, weighing, and gauging of spirits
subject to tax throughout the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after the
words 11 United States" the following:
And whenever the Secretary of the Treasury shall
adopt and prescribe for use any meter or meters, it
shall be the duty of every owner, agent, or superin-
tendent of a distillery to make application to tho
collector of his district for such meter or meters to
be used in his distillery, and tho same shall be fur-
nished and attached to the distillery at the expense
of tho distiller, whose duty it shall bo to furnish all
the pipes, materials, labor, and facilities necessary to
complete such attachment in accordance with the
regulations of the Commissionerof Internal Revenue
under the direction of tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, who is hereby farther authorized to order and
require such changes of or additions to distilling
apparatus, connecting pumps, or cisterns, or any
machinery connected "with or used in or on the
distiller's premises, or may require to be put on any
still, tub, cistern, pipe, or other vessel, such fastening,
lock, or seal as he may deem necessary.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I rise to oppose that
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to say a word
in favor of the amendment. The object of it
is to enable the Secretary of tho Treasury to
select from a number of meters that are now in
process of examination a meter whereby the
amount of spirits distilled can be detected
either after it assumes the form of distilled
spirits or before it assumes the form of distilled
spirits, in the shape of wort or mash, and when
such meter is selected by the Secretary of the
Treasury—of course it will be alter approval
by scientific men—'it is proposed to attach this
meter or whatever it may be to the several
distilleries.
Mr. BUCKLAND, The amendment of the
