1867.]
APPEHDLK TO THE CONaBESSIOSAL GfiLQBEi
I2T
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction,—Mr. Rice.
Ho. op Reps.
peace, even if delegated to the distinguished
officers contemplated by this bill. With all
their great skill in arms, with all their great
patriotism shown upon hundreds of battle-
fields, with all their great qualities of intellect,
purity, and public virtue, with the undivided
hearts of a grateful people in their possession,
still they are but men. (like the rest of us some-
what,) and being but men they are unfit to
exercise the functions legitimately pertaining
to civil and judicial power, except in case of
war or absolute necessity, unless they first
divest themselves of all military authority and
proceed in strict accordance with the great
precepts and principles and the prescribed
forms of civil and judicial process.
Mr. Speaker, I would willingly see the dis-
tinguished General upon whom it. is proposed
to confer the extraordinary powers of this bill
so divested of his military functions, but only
to take up and retain for the prescribed term
the higher position of Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and the Navy, as provided by the
Constitution of the United States, with the
highest title which the people of the Republic
can bestow superadded. Such, I believe, is
the desire of the true and loyal people. But,
sir, I greatly fear that that desire will be
defeated if we thrust upon him any of the
duties of that great office prematurely and
contrary to the true intent and meaning of the
fundamental law of the land.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the most earnest
desire of the people whom we represent upon
this floor to be the restoration of the southern
States and the reconciliation of the southern
people, in true loyalty of heart and mind, to
the Government and the laws of the great nation
under which it is our pleasure as it must be
their lot to live. Can it be accomplished by
measures like this? In my judgment, No I We
are beginning at the wrong end of our work.
We set up military power ana through that hope
to inaugurate civil government. We may with
as much reason expect the noonday light to
follow the setting of the sun. The two powers
always have and always will be in direct antag-
onism, and can only be kept from collision by
making the latter supreme over the former.
We should build up or recognize civil govern-
ments in these States upon a loyal basis, and
then, if need be, call in the military power to
maintain and defend them, as prescribed by
the Constitution and laws of the country. This
measure does not contain a single element of
reconstruction, restoration, or conciliation, but
the reverse. The people ask for peace, and we
give them war; they demand reconstruction,
and we give them redestruction ; they want
restoration, and we give them annihilation;
"they ask for bread, and we give them a stone."
The loyal and law-abiding people of the
South, those who "accept the situation" in
good faith, desire protection and conciliation,
and so far as we know the opinions of such
now in this city, they do not approve this
measure, and many of them look upon it as
the last knell of their failing hopes. Still we
are told that rapine and murder stalks abroad
at noon-day throughout all the South unre-
strained and unmolested, and that we must in-
stantly pass this bill to stay the Moloch of
blood. And upon the statement of facts we
must do it. No man will go further than I
will to protect the true men of the South or
of any other section from such a state of
anarchy. But I warn my friends upon this side
of the House that we cannot stand before the
country long upon this measure. Wc must
work out the fruition of the people's hopes and
demands for peace and restoration in some-
thing more in accordance with the spiritof our
institutions than bold, naked military power.
I have no doubt that in some parts of the South
a state of things exists which will fully justify
the extreme remedy embodied in this bill, but
1 do hope and I must be permitted to believe
for the future peace and welfare of all parts
of the country, that it is not so throughout all
that section. If such be the fact, our troubles
and trials as a nation and a people have but
just commenced. I have just received a letter
from a reliable and most intelligent friend who
has been long in Texas, in which some facts
are stated bearing directly upon this question.
I will read it to the House :
Shrevepobt, Louisiana, January 26,1867.
My dear Sib: I see that a committee has been
appointed in Congress to investigate the murdering
of Union soldiers in South Carolina and elsewhere.
On the 30th August last two of our soldiers were
shot without any provocation at a post where they
were on duty, about eighteen miles from Jefferson,
Texas. Their names were privates Nathaniel Eylan
and John Bull, both of company F, eightieth United
States colored infantry- Themurderer was one Jack
Phillips, of Jefferson, and at that time holding some
civil office. A complaint was made by the officer
commanding the guard to the civil authorities and a
warrant was issued; but after the troops were with-
drawn from that station, which was a few days after,
not the least effort was made to arrest him, and in a
few weeks he returned to Jefferson, and has been
there since, unmolested by the civil authorities. It
is not considered an offense in that section to kill a
negro, and especially a negro soldier.
There is no law or protection in this section for the
poor colored man ; but they are being murdered in
cold blood every week; andwhero is the strong arm
of the Government? Heart-rending scenes have
been brought to my attention all through the past
year, which if you gentlemen in Congress could see
and know as I do would induce you to do something
for the race whom you have taken from slavery in
name, but whose freedom in fact you have guaran-
tied. It is criminal to take these people from the
protection of their masters and leave them in aland
of murderers and ruffians with no protection. Your
Freedmen's Bureau bill amounts to nothing, for they,
that is the officers of the bureau, have no power, or
are not allowed to exercise any, except to tell the
outraged negro where the office of the justice of the
peaceis; a sort of guide-post for them. YonrArmy
amount® to but little, for in officering the new regi-
ments no care seems to have been exercised to ap-
point, men possessed of heart, soul, and intellect. I
could recite more atrocities and outrages against
freedmen in eastern Texas and northwestern Lou-
isiana than would fill one hundred pages like this,
and more facts than all the committees and inspect-
ors sent down here, fattening upon the luxuries of
rebels' tables and hearing their hypocritical state-
ments. We are to be mustered out. My address
for a few days—say two or three weeks—will bo 16
Natcbtez street. New Orleans, care J. H. Hatch, when
I shall go north to Maine.
Respectfully, <fcc„
CHARLES W. LOWELL,
Major Eightieth United State> Colored Infantry,
Brevet Colonel United States Volunteers.
Hon. John H. Rice, M. C.
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding this dark pic-
ture, I yet have hope for a peaceful and in
some degree satisfactory solution of our diffi-
culties. The Legislatures of the southern States
have unwisely, and in some cases rudely, re-
jected the constitutional amendment submitted
by this Congress at its last session. I still have
faith to believe that that just and conciliatory
measure may yet be ratified by many of these
States by an appeal to the people from the
action of their representatives. It should be
remembered that probably three fourths or
more of the men in the South who have voted
upon the question of the ratification in their
Legislatures would be disqualified under the
provisions of the third section. This may be
the reason for their action, but no such reason
exists in the minds of the masses of the people,
for probably nineteen twentieths will not be so
affected. It ought not to be supposed, and it is
not a faot, that the masses there have any desire
to retain or sustain tie original breeders of the
rebellion in places of trust and power; on the
contrary, they must know from their sufferings,
if not by their reason, that all their ills have
been brought upon them by their words and acts
of misrepresentation and deception. They do
have and will have faith in the men who op-
posed secession, and than, after_ being beaten
upon the stamp, went with them into the ranks
and fought for a cause which they knew was
wrong and in which they did notbelieve, and
had predicted would fail. These emb will bow
have power, while the unrepentant secessionists
win be cursed and forgotten.
It may be said that this class of men (the
eo«pe wtk>rfists as they were termed) are no bet-
ter the other class. I do not think so, for
all must understand the difficulties of their
position. I have no doubt that some of the
secessionists are now better disposed to the
Government and accept the situation in better
faith than some of the cooperationists, but the
general rule must be the other way. I believe,
sir, that the true policy for us to pursue is to
divide the people of the South in political sen-
timent, so that they will organize into antago-
nistic parties instead of consolidating into one
party, and that party in affiliation and acting in
conjunction with the Democratic party of the
North. Just so long as such a state of things
exists, just so long the country will be in peril,
for we cannot keep these States out forever,
and with the great States of New York and
Pennsylvania, so nearly divided politically
between saints and sinners as they are, we are
liable at any time to pass into the power of a
reunited, a reconstructed, but not a regener-
ated Democratic party, for it will be under
the control of the rank copperheads and the
unconverted secessionists. The first financial
shudder, the first commercial agony that shall
sweep over the land wili unsettle and overturn
our majorities in those two great States, and
then we shall "gnash ourteeth'' in agony, and
the Republic will again go darkling through
the realms of political infamy, and quite likely
culminate again in blood and disaster.
I beg my friends here to open their eyes to
this great danger. Do not lay the flattering
unction to your souls that the Democratic party
is dead. It is hardly asleep, only a little dor-
mant, while generating and bottling up virus
for future mischief. It is the political worm .
in our body-politic which never dies. It is
"coppered and copper-fastened," and will ride
out the storms of political adversity and come
safely into port, provided it can recruit its old
officers and crew from the Sonth. Our only
safety is to take out its fangs, and the only
way to do that is to divide the people of the
South. If we are wise we can do tms. How ?
Let us properly appreciate the great work that
has been accomplished by the war, the radical
and revolutionary fact that slavery has been
abolished, and that the southern people, or the
great mass of them, recognize and concur in
the living, glorious truth that it is so, and
would not have it restored if they could. This
breaks the great material bond, the one strong
political cord that held them united and bound
them to the Democratic party before the war.
There is no earthly reason why they shall again
unite in that affiliation, and they will not,
unless we are idle and fail to properly use the
instrumentalities within our reach. They know
very well that all the promises made to them
before the war by the Democratic leaders were
shamelessly broken, and that they deceived
them as to the feelings and the promised action
of their followers in the North in case of war.
Let us, then, appeal to the people of the
South, the laboring, suffering millions there,
and indoctrinate them with the true principles
of republican liberty, instruct them in the man-
hood of free labor, and the advantages of free
schools. The foundation of reconstruction
must be laid deep and solid in the hearts and
minds of the common people. We can reach
and touch them now by words and acts of kind-
ness. Some of them may at first turn from
us with revilings, because of their ignorance of
us and the motives which actuate us; but we
can surely forgive those who are ignorant and
have been misled and deceived by others.
They are stricken and suffering from tfce deso-
lations of war and the bitter pinching ^ P°T"
erty and hunger, and shall wealae saute those
whom God has stricken? Sol Let us dis-
criminate in their behalf, *e visit incor-
rigible and unrepentant rebels, those who have
been instrumental iabrining the wrath of (rod
down upon then 0(t upon us, and are still
inciting the people to deeds of wroag and vio-
lence, with themll force and vengeance of the
GoeeroWast. This I know cannot be arcom-
