728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
January 25.
Osage Indians, and known as the Bast Treaty
lands ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pubiic Lands.1
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting to the
Union Pacific railway (southern branch) like
or equal aid as has been granted to the Union
Pacific railway with its several branches,
namely: The Central Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia, the Union Pacific railway (eastern
division) 'the Sioux jCity branch, and the
, Union Pacific Central branch; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. ■ j
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Albert W. Bishop, adjutant general of Arkan-
• sas, praying for an appropriation for the pub-
lication of his report presented to the Legisla-
ture of that State in November, 1866 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the memorial of
a large number of persons who have been in
the Union service as officers, soldiers, and
sailors, citizens of Virginia, remonstrating
against the closing of the Norfolk navy-yard.
I also present the memorial of a large num-
ber of colored citizens of Portsmouth and
Gosport, remonstrating against the closing of
the yard.
I also present the memorial of sundry citi-
zens of Virginia, and a memorial numerously
signed by the workinginen employed in the
. yard to the same effect.
I move that these memorials with the accom-
panying papers be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or a return
within a limited time to specie payments, and
against compelling all national banks to re-
deem their notes in New York, or prohibiting
them from paying or receiving interest on bank
balances ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented twenty-three
petitions of manufacturers and operatives in
Manayunk, twenty-first ward of the city of
Philadelphia, praying for a repeal of the inter-
nal revenue tax levied on all goods manufac-
tured ; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Georgia, remonstrating against the
passage of any act for the curtailment of the
national currency, or a return within a limited
time to specie payments, and against compel-
ling all national banks to redeem their notes in
New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of W. Marsh, United Slates consul at the port
of Altoona, in the Duchy of Holstein, Ger-
many, praying for an allowance to him for dis-
bursements for living and charities, for office
rent, clerk hire, and for amount expended in
the publication of an emigrant guide-book;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
• merce.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of the
president of the North Missouri Railroad
Company, praying for a reduction of the duty
on steel and iron for railroad purposes; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which were ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. BROWN presented a paper in relation
to the claim of Mrs. Jerusha Page for a pen-
sion j which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
the officers and members of the Newsboys'
Association of Washington, praying that the
namo of the association be changed to that
of the Newsboys' Home and Children's Aid
Society of the District of Columbia, and that
the criminal court, the police, and magistrates
of the District be authorized, in their discre-
tion, to commit juvenile offenders and vagrants
who come within their jurisdiction to the pres-
ident and board of managers of said associa-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
merchants, mechanics, manufacturers, and
others, of Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating
against the passage of the bankrupt bill; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of Dempsey Reece, prayingtobe
relieved from any further performance of his
contract to carry the mail on route No. 12068,
between New Castle and Mechanicsburg, in
Indiana, submitted a report, accompanied by
a joint resolution, (S. R. No. 160,) for the relief
of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana. The joint res-
olution was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 506) to authorize the trustees of
the Foundry Methodist Episcopal church to
sell and convey square No. 235 in the city of
Washington, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Edward Dodge, of Brooklyn, New
York, praying that the name of the yacht May-
flower may be changed to the name of Silvie,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. -No. 159)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
permit the owner of the yacht Mayflower to
change the name of thesame to that of Silvie;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wasreferredthepetitkm of Rowland W. Griffith
praying that the bark R. W. Griffith, now
under the British flag, may be granted an
American register, asked' to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John A. Ragan,
praying for an appropriation for the construc-
tion of certain canals to prevent the inundation
of the Mississippi river, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of members of the
Union Republican Central Committee of the
city of Elizabeth, New Jersey, praying that
that city be made a port of entry, and that an
appropriation be made for the purpose of
erecting a suitable building for the accommo-
dation of the custom house, post-office, col-
lector and assessor of internal revenue, and for
holding the Federal courts, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
161) in addition to a joint resolution to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the Universal Exhibition
at Paris, in 1867 ; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) in
relation to ocean mail service between San
Francisco, in California, and Portland, in Ore-
gon, reported it with amendments, accompa-
nied by a written report; which were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Nathan
Noves, to make an adverse report. I move
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
  1
COMPENSATION OS CIVIL .EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employ6s
in the civil service in Washington, to report
the same back with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute; and I will say, so as
to make it unnecessary for those concerned to
ask questions about it, that the amendment
omits the exceptions in the original resolution,
and provides for an addition of twenty per cent,
to the salaries of the all officers and empoly6s
of the Government at Washington whose sala-
ries do not exceed $3,500, without respect to
any advancement that they may have received
in their salaries by the disbursement of the
fund that was placed in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I give notice that I
shall endeavor to call up this resolution to-
morrow morning.
PARIS EXHIBITION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print extra copies of the mes-
sage of the President of the United States on
the subject of the Paris Exhibition, to report
it back to the Senate without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the mes-
sage of the President, with the accompanying docu-
ments. on the subject of the Paris Exhibition, trans-
mitted to the Senate on the 21st of January last, bo
printed for the use of the Senate, and two thousand
copies for the use of the Department of State.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL SOCIETY.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate the
First Congregational Society of Washington,
have instructed me to report it back, with a
recommendation that the Senate disagree to
the amendment of the House. I ask for its
present consideration. -
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
to the bill; which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause and to insert the following:
That Hiram Barber, Roswell n. Stevens, Charles
II. Howard, Silas II. Hodges, Henry A. Brewster,
John W. Rumsey, David M. Kelsey, Abner T. Long-
ley, Benjamin F. Morris, William X. Bascom, S. O.
Pomeroy, and Calvin S. Mattoon. and tlieir asso-
ciates, are hereby created a body politic and cor-
porate by the name of *' The First Congregational
Society of Washington;" and as such may purchase,
hold, and convey real and personal estate, make
contracts, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
and may exercise all such powers as are_requisite to
enable them to sustain religious worship in Wash-
ington, in Jlie District of Columbia, and to erect and
maintain edifices for that purpose, and parsonages ;
and said society shall be exempt from any taxes to
be assessed upon their property, under the authority
of Congress or of the District of Columbia or the city
or county of Washington: Provided, That the whole
value of their property shall not exceed $200,000,
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the first
meeting of said society shall be hoiden at the tune
and place at which a majority of the persons herein
above-named shall assemble for that purpose: and
six days' notice shall bo given each of said corpora-
tors; at which meeting, and at all annual meetings,
and at all meetings specially called for that object,
said society may enact, amend, or repeal by-laws
regulating the government of said society; prescrib-
ing the number, character, and duties*of their offi-
cers, and the manner of their election; defining the
terms on which members may be admitted to it, and
shall cease to be such; and providing in all things for
the management of the affairs of said society or for
securing its interests and welfare.
Skc. 3. And be it. further enacted, That the powers
of this corporation shall vest in the board of trustees,
who shall be chosen as provided by the by-laws, and
shall consist of five persons, and shsll have perpetual
succession, each one holding his office until his suc-
cessor is chosen and qualified.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
bill recommitted.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill (S. No.
866) to reorganize the clerical force of tiie ar
Department, and for other purposes, he taken
up and recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
