1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
gentleman from Iowa may be all right enough;
but I wish to say that I think the great mistake in
all this legislation is the attempt to heap burden
upon burden on the distillers, instead of direct-
ing the attention of the committee to the laws
regarding those who administer the revenue
laws and infusing into the administration of
the law more energy and more honesty.
Now, I can say to gentlemen, that unless
they contrive some-system by whieh everybody
who desires to do so can enter into the busi-
ness of distilling, you may rely upon it you
cannot for any great length of time sustain this
tax upon spirits. I know that to-day, under
the present administration of the law, the corn
which is raised around the distilleries in my
district is taken to New York and there dis-
tilled, and the whisky is transported back to
Ohio and sold for less than the tax. Why is
that? It is not the fault of the law, but it is
the fault of the manner in which the law has
been administered. It seems to have been
administered for the benefit of eastern distill-
ers entirely. Now I wish to state one instance
which has occurred in my district, which is
pretty largely engaged in distilling.
Mr. DARLING. I would like to ask the
price of whisky in the gentleman's district.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I do not know what the
price is generally, but I state the fact that alco-
hol and other spirits have been brought from
New York into my district by druggists and
others for sale within five and ten miles of the
distilleries.
I wish to give one instance of the manner in
which the internal revenue department has
administered this law during the last year. An
inspector at Monrocvilic went to some four or
five distilleries and inspected their high wines,
making a deduction, as he claimed, of five gal-
lons on a cask for shrinking. He did this at
his own instance, but afterward it was found
out by the assessor, and those distilleries were
all seized. Now, here is the point in the caso:
the inspector was arrested and taken to Cleve-
land, but was discharged from custody and
continued in office afterward for months. He
was relieved from all blame, although he did
this at his own instance, as is asserted by as
honorable men as any that sit upon this floor,
for I know some of these distillers, and know
thorn to be honorable men. He was continued
in office, and these distilleries, whieh were
seized nearly a year ago, are still under seiz-
ure and are not allowed to run. Now, I say
that just as long as you administer the law by
such means and through such agents, and those
agents are sustained in frauds of this sort, and
the whole penalty is imposed on the distillers,
you cannot expect to collect the tax.
Now, [ know that some of these distillers pay
their taxes honorably and honestly. As I said
before, some of them are just as honest men
and would just as soon undertake to cheat the
Government in any way as any man upon this
floor, and no sooner. But they are compelled
now to stop their business, because the law is
administered for the benefit of eastern distill-
eries and refineries, so that our western distill-
ers are ruined. You may pass what law you
please; but unless it is administered honestly
and justly it will fail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of replying briefly to what has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
brcicland.]
Members will bear in mind that this law
weal into operation on the 1st of August last.
It was a law whieh had been carefully pre-
pared by a commission appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Members will also
bear in mind that about that time came our
political troubles, and we had a change of
nearly all the revenue officers in the country;
and I say here without the fear of contradic-
tion that those changes, in my opinion, cost
the people of this country a loss of at least
$50,000,000 in the way of revenue.
Mr. HILL. Yes. and $100,000,000.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know but the loss
was $100,000,000, as my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Him,] says. A great deal of the trouble
in the administration of this whisky law is to be
found in the fact that dishonest men were ap-
pointed by the President of .the United States
to administer the law, and I will say here that
I have been informed that in most if not all of
these cases these appointments were made
against the protest of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Now, I believe this law would be successfully
administered if there was somewhere a power
to remove dishonest officers. But I am in-
formed and believe that that power does not
lie with the Secretary of the Treasury nor with
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, but is
controlled and directed by the President to
destroy the party that elected him; and a great
deal of this difficulty arises from that fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury is compelled to submit to the appoint-
ment of men to discharge duties like these,
which men he believes to be unfit for the places
they occupy?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not say that precisely.
But I do say that I have been informed that
these changes were made against the protest
of the Secretary of the Treasury; if that is not
true, then the Secretary of the Treasury should
be held responsible for the $50,000,000 of rev-
enue lost to the people of this country.
Mr. CONKLING. I propose for one to hold
the Sccrctary of the Treasury responsible to
this extent: if it be true that there are men
who were set to do this work against his pro-
test, work for which he is responsible, ana he
submits to it, then he holds his place upon
terms degrading to his manhood, terms to
which he would not submit if he had proper
self-respect. That is all I have to say about
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that is quite enough.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] one question. I
wish to ask him whether he knows of a single
instance where the Secretary of the Treasury
has permitted a man to be appointed as a rev-
enue officer whom he believed to be unfit for
the office to be appointed by the President
against his protest?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not wish to waste
much time upon this point. I will only say that
I know a great many men have been appointed
who are totally unfit for their positions.
Mr. CONKLING. So do I.
Mr. ALLISON. And whether with or with-
out the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, they should not be in the positions which
they now occupy.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman a moment ago
said that he believed the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury was honest in his appointments.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not mean to say that
is so, because I do not know how that is; I
have no precise information upon that subject.
• Now, I desire to say just one word in vindi-
cation of the action ofthe Committee of Ways
and Means upon this subject. We endeavored
to throw around the law penal provisions which
would reach dishonest men. I do not know
whether we have succeeded in accomplishing
that object. But gentleman will bear in mind
that it is impossible if not impolitic to change
the entire machinery of the law in a session of
three months, especially when that law only
went into operation but three or four months
before. The object ofthe committee has been
merely to endeavor to perfect the existing law,
and leave to another and a longer session of
Congress the duty of further investigation and
modification.
I now move that the committee rise, for the
purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bout-
well reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pursuant to
the order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being House bill No.
1161, amending the existing laws relating to
internal revenue, and had directed him to
report that they had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move that the House
adjourn. '
The motion was not agreed to; there being
—ayes nineteen: noes not counted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House again resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tax bill, all debate on the
pending section be closed in five minutes.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the yules be suspended, and that the
House now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Botjtwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1161, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I
think that the attention of the officers of the
Government having in charge the appointment
of inspectors cannot be too often or too em-
phatically called to the manner in which that
power is exercised. Now, sir, I know one
appointment in the State of Iowa of a man
totally unfit for the position. The reasons upon
which I base the statement of his unfitness I
have stated in person to the Secretary of the
Treasury, asking him to look into the case for
the benefit of the revenue. I have not been
making any recommendation as to whom he
should appoint in place of this improper offi-
cial; I have asked him to make a removal in
the case solely for the benefit of the Govern-
ment. This was some three or four weeks ago.
So far as I have any information that person
still remains an inspector in charge of that dis-
trict. I referred the Secretary also to the proofs,
on file in the War Department, of the unfitness
of the person for the position. Yet up to this
day, so far as I have any knowledge, no attempt
has been made by the Secretary to remove that
person from office.
I might speak of other cases. So far as I
have knowledge of persons occupying these
positions, the most unfit persons who have
been presented for appointments have as a gen-
eral rule been selected j and I think that the
rule will apply pretty generally throughout the
country. Now, sir, that is misconduct upon
the part of public officers which deserves at
least a thorough airing, if not something more,
in this House.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will permit
me a word, I desire to say that the only thing
which surprises me is that the gentleman is at
all astonished at such a circumstance.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot say that
I am astonished at it. If I have said so, I take
that back. Indeed, I have already negatived
such an idea by the declaration that I believe
what I have stated to be the general rule all
over the country. I only make this statement
now thus publicly that the country may know
and that it may go on record that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in permitting the officer
to whom T have referred to retain his position,
does it with the knowledge that he is not a
proper person to hold the office.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say that the case re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Iowa is only
one of thousands. In my own district a_ col-
lector who had been most faithful and efficient,
and who had collected about a million and a
half of dollars in about a year and a half was
removed and another man whose sole recom-
mendation for the place was that he had served
to the utmost of his ability in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress in hostility to the administration of
Mr. Lincoln, upon the principle of "not an-
other man nor another dollar for the support
