1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Woodbridge.
Ho. of Reps.
all I regard as being the great enemy with which
we have to contend. That power confronts us
here and it confronts us there. Strike it down
there and it falls here and everywhere, and
with it falls all the wrongs and the violence
and the outrage that now prevails at the South
and which distracts us here to-day. I do not
mean to charge our friends on the other side of
this House as directly or indirectly encouraging
such astate of things, for they are all "honorable
men,"' and many of them my personal friends,
who would not be guilty of any such offense;
but the fact of their great power in the States
I have named and some others of the northern
States, induces the southern people who are
disloyal and ill-disposed to exercise their
" amiable qualities'' in committing wrongs and
outrages upon defenseless negroes and loyal
white men, and relying upon the Democratic
party for friendship and general amnesty.
If the measure now before the House shall
fail to become the law, as I think it will in its
present shape, and if no better measure can
be agreed upon as a finality upon this question,
let a grand political campaign be inaugurated
upon the basis of the constitutional amend-
ment and universal manhood suffrage. The
proposed amendment is I know quite generally
misunderstood by the people of the South. I
so found the fact, and I did not find but very
few who made objection to it after they under-
stood it, other than those who would be dis-
qualified from holding office under the third
section. If the masses of the people can be
induced to accept it in good faith, probably
no better method of reconstruction and recon-
ciliation can be devised. I believe that a line of
towns and counties and States from the mount-
ains of West Virginia down to the Gulf can
be carried, by proper effort, and through the
instrumentalities I have named, and thus divid-
ing the southern country again, now in the
interests of peace, transversely to that other
division made by the hosts of war. Not by a
pathway strewn with the desolations and ruin
of war and lighted by the glare of burning j
towns and hamlets, but one made joyous by i
the blessings of peace and contentment. This
effected, the belt would rapidly expand, left
and right, to the dashing waves of the Atlantic
in the east and to the murmuring ripples of
the Rio Grande in the west. Then the great
desire of the nation's heart, the rich fruition
of the people's hopes, the grand consummation
of our labors—reconciliation, reunion, and
restoration, these three in one—will have be-
come an accomplished fact.
Then from the fountains of wealth in the
North the waste places of the South will be
rapidly rebuilt, and the ever-rushing tide of
human migration from the East and from over
the sea, no longer turned westward by the dark
barrier of slavery, will spread itself throughout
her borders. Then the land will bud and blos-
som—in all the vallies and upon the hillsides,
along the rivers and the arms of the sea, upon
the mountains and the broad savannas—with
the ripe, rich fruits of human industry, directed
by the impulse of free minds and the energy
of willing hands. That diversity of employ-
ment and production will then obtain whicn was
impossible under the old system of labor, and
the want of which has kept the South lagging
behind the other sections. Not only will her
rich fields and savannas produce increased
riches in cotton, corn, ana sugar, but her
mountain sides, touched by the wand of free-
dom, will pour forth rich streams of mineral
wealth. Her coasts and her rivers will whiten
with the sails and hiss with the steam of com-
merce and navigation ; and the waters of her
numerous streams will laugh and sparkle amid
the revolving wheels of manufacturing ma-
chinery. Thus, under the stimulus of free
labor, with a free Bible and free schools every-
where and the blessing of God, the nation will
be regenerated and take a new start in the race
of prosperity and empire. Slavery was the
"dead-line" which divided the sections. It
has been obliterated by the sharp point of the
bayonet and the atonement of Mood. Let us
not raise another wall in its stead, but stand
together in republican equality upon the broad
plain of a common country, a common broth-
erhood, and a common destiny.
These views, Mr. Speaker, at the present
time, may seem extravagant and Utopian; but,
sir, if wisdom and true statesmanship shall gov-
ern .the hearts of the people and the action of
their representatives, all that my words have
indicated and even more will be accomplished.
It is time for us to abandon the idea that the
southern people are to be punished for their
treason by excluding them from participation
in the Government under which they are to live.
The question to be determined is, are they loyal
and well-disposed toward the Government now?
I believe that the great body of them are so.
They do not want to fight any more ; they have
had enough of<that; they do not desire to have
slavery reestablished even if they could ; they
know that it has been the fruitful cause of all
their trials and sufferings, and they do not
desire that their children shall be subject to
the like. We cannot exclude all who have
given aid to the rebellion in the South from
participation and voice in the Government and
preserve even the semblance of republican
institutions there. The grand foundation-stone
upon which our form of government rests is
equal, unrestricted manhood suffrage, and the
sooner we reach uniformity in all the States in
that respect the better it will be for all. We
cannot set up a military government nor an
oligarchy in one part of the country and main-
tain it for any length of time without endangering
the entire national edifice. If we are wise we
shall not try the experiment beyond the bounds
of absolute necessity, but hasten forward as
speedily as possible to the auspicious day when
all government and divisions of government in
our happy land shall rest securely "upon the
consent of the governed.''
Reconstruction.
REMARKS OF HON. F. E. WOODBRIDGE,
of vermont,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill (II.
R. No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the lately rebellious States-
Mr. WTOODBMDGE said:
Mr. Speaker : I think it will be admitted
by all that when we adopted the constitutional
amendments at the last session of Congress it
was with the understanding that upon their
ratification by the rebellious States restoration
to the Union and representation in Congress
would naturally and perhaps necessarily fol-
low. We went to the country upon that ground
and made it an issue in the elections last
autumn. A triumphant and overwhelming
majority of the loyal people sustained us. The
South, instead of accepting our reasonable and
generous propositions, hurled them back upon
us with derision and scorn, and regardless of
all law, either human or divine, and with a
recklessness and hate worthy only of demons,
have oppressed loyal men; refused to protect
their persons or property ; driven them from
their homes and their States for no other rea-
son than because they stood by the grand old
flag; and, if accounts are true, they have
beaten and scourged and murdered the poor
freedman. and never in a single instance has
the offender been punished.
In this condition of things an additional duty
is imposed upon Congress, and that is, first of
all to provide some means whereby loyal men
in the South shall be protected in their persons
and property. Under this paramount obliga-
tion of the Government to all its loyal citizens
the bill introduced the other day by the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] called the military bill, was justi-
fiable, and met with my support. However
inconsistent with a Republic martial law may be,
or however onerous a military government may
be, Congress, as the supreme legislative body
of the nation, may establish either or both when
the safety of the Government or of the people
demand it. I was not particularly pleased with
the bill, andgreatly prefer the amendment which
has passed the Senate and is now under con-
sideration. I greatly doubted the constitution -
ality of the provision directing the General of
the Army to detail officers, not below the rank
of brigadier generals, to command the districts
into which the ten rebellious States were di-
vided, upon the ground that Congress has no
authority to grant to any one a power the exer-
cise of which directly infringes upon that clause
in the Constitution which makes the President
of the United States the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy.
Somewhat distrusting my own judgment, how-
ever, and differing with several gentlemen, for
whose opinions I entertain the profoundest
respect, 1 supported the bill, believing that the
Senate would relieve it of any unconstitutional
provisions. It seems that the Senate agreed
with me, and in the amendment have given to
the President the power Which in the original
bill was conferred upon the General of the
Army. The country demand of the present
Congress two things respecting the rebellious
States: one is such legislation as will protect
loyal men, black and white, in their lives, lib-
erty, and property; the other is some well-
defined plan or platform, by which the loyal
people of the South may reorganize and rees-
tablish State governments, republican in form,
which may be recognized and accepted by
Congress, and they thereby become entitled to
representation as States in the Union. This
Congress, sir, will be untrue to itself and un-
true to the country if it adjourns without accom-
plishing these two results, and I doubt whether
the party can sustain itself which fails to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I will very briefly examine the
proposed amendment for the purpose of con-
vincing gentlemen, if possible, that it will meet
the exigencies of the times and the demands
of the country. I confess, sir, that it does not
entirely suit me. While, in my judgment, the
purposes which we seek may be fairly attained
under its provisions, I would prefer such altera-
tions as would have nothing to intendment or
implication. But, sir, as we have but one day-
left in which to get the bill into the hands of
the Executive it is necessary to have early and
speedy action; and the fact that, so far as I am
informed, it met with the favor of every Repub-
lican Senator, induces me to believe that any
material changes would cause delay. -
Two objections are raised against the bill.
First, that the rebellious States will be in the
hands and under the control of rebels until
their restoration to the Union; and second,
that the third section confers suffrage upon all,
including the prominent and leading rebels, or,
as some have expressed it, grants universal suf-
frage and universal amnesty. I deny both these
propositions. The amendment in its preamble
states that no legal State governments or ade-
quate protection for life or property now exists
in the ten rebel States, and that it is necessary
that peace and good order should be enforced
in said States until loyal and republican State
governments can be legally established ; and
for that purpose it is provided in the first sec-
tion that the rebel States shall be divided into
five military districts and made subject to the
military authority of the United States, lhe
second section provides that the President shall
assign to the command of each district an
officer of the Army, not below the rank of
brigadier general, and detail a su$icient mili-
tary force to enable him to perform his duties
and enforce his authority.
