730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
from my knowledge of the country I thought
I better understood than the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed'for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
WlttT OF HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 605.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. B. No. 605) to
amend an act to establish the judicial courts
in the United States, approved September 24,
1789.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the bill.
• The Secretary read it as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That the several courts of the
United States and the several justices and judges of
such courts, in addition to the authority already
conferred by law, shall have power to grant writs of
habeas corpus in all eases where any person may be
restrained of his or her liberty in violation of the
Constitution or of any treaty or law of the United
States; and it shall'be lawful for such person so re-
strained of his or her liberty to apply to either of said
justices or judges for a writ of habeas corpus, which
application shall be in writing and verified by affida-
vit, and shall set forth the facts concerning the de-
tention of the party applying, in whose custody he or
she is detained, and by virtue of what claim or au-
thority, if known; and the said justice or judge to
whom such application shall be made shall forthwith
award a writ of habeas corpus, unless it shall appear
from the petition itself that the party is not deprived
of his or her liberty in contravention of the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States. Said writ shall be
directed to the person in whose custody the party is
detained, who shall make return of said writ and
bring the party before the judge who granted the
writ, and certify the true cause of the detention of
such person within three days thereafter, unless such
persoiTbe detained beyond the distance of twenty
miles; and if beyond the distance of twenty miles and
not above one hundred miles, then within ten days;
and if beyond the distance of one hundred miles, then
within twenty days. And upon the return of the writ
of habeas corpus a day shall be set for the hearing of
the cause, not exceeding five days thereafter, unless
the party petitioning shall request a longer time.
The petitioner may deny any of the material facts set
forth in the return, or may allege any fact to show
that the detention is in contravention of the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, which allegations
or denials shall be made on oath. The said return
maybe amended bylcaveof the court or judge before
or after the same is filed, as also may all suggestions
made against it, that thereby the material facts may
be ascertained. The said court or judge shall pro-
ceed in a summary way to determine the facts of the
case, by hearing testimony and the arguments of the
parties interested; and if it shall appear that the
petitioner is deprived of his or her liberty in contra-
vention of the Constitution or laws of the United
States, he or she shall forthwith be discharged and
sot at liberty. And if any person or persons to whom
such writ of habeas corpus way be directed shall refuse
to obey the same, or shall neglect or refuse to make
return, or shall make a false return thereto, in addi-
tion to the remedies already given by law, he or they
shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall, on conviction before any court of
competent jurisdiction, bo punished by fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000 and by imprisonment not exceeding
one year, or by either, according to the nature and
aggravation of the case. From the final decision of
any judge, justice, or court, inferior to the circuit
court, an appeal may be taken to the circuit court of
the United States for the district in which said cause
is heard, and from the judgment of said circuit court
to the Supreme Court of the United States, on such
terms and under such regulations and orders, as well
for the custody and appearance of the person alleged
to be restrained of his or her liberty as for sending up
to the appellate tribunal a transcript of the petition,
writ of habeas corpus, return thereto, and other pro-
ceedings, as may be prescribed by the Supreme Court,
or,in default of such,as the judge hearing said causc
may prescribe; and pending such proceedings or
appeal and until final judgment be rendered therein,
and after final judgment of discharge in the same,
any proceeding against buch person so alleged to be
restrained of his or her liberty in any State court, or
by or under the authority of any State, for any mat-
ter or thing so heard and determined, or in pripeess
of being heard nnd determined, under and by virtue
of such writ of habeas corpus, shall be deemed null
and void.
Sec. 2. And be if farther enacted. That a final judg-
ment or decree ir. any suit in the highest court of a
State in which a decision in the suit could bo had,
where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty or
statute of, or an authority exercised under, the Uni-
ted States, and the decision is against their validity,
or where is drawn in question the validity of* a stat-
ute of or an authority exorcised under any State, on
the ground of their being rcpugnantto the Constitu-
tion, treaties, or laws of the United States, and the
decision is in favor of su6h their validity, or where
any title, right, privilege, or immunity is claimed
under the Constitution, or any treaty or statute of or
commission held or authority exercised under the
United States, and the decision is against the title,
right, privilege, or immunity specially set up or
claimed by either party under such Constitution,
treaty, statute, commission, or authority, may be re-
examined and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme
Court of the United States, upon a writ of error, the
citation being signed by the chief justice, or judge,
or chancellor of the court rendering or passing the
judgment or decree complained of, or by a justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States, in the same
manner, and under the same regulations, and the
writ shall have the game effect, as if the judgment or
decree complained of had been rendered or passed in
a court of the United States; and the proceeding
upon the reversal shall also be the same, exccptthat
the Supreme Court may, at their discretion, proceed
to a final decision of the same, a&d award execution,
or remand the same to an inferior court. This act
shall not apply to the case of any person who is or
may be held in the custody of the military authori-
ties of the United States, charged with any military
offense, or with having aided or abetted rebellion
against tho Government of the United States prior
to the passage of this act.
Mr. JOHNSON'. The bill itself I have 110
doubt will commend itself to the approval of
the Senate, and I only rise for the purpose of
inquiring of the chairman of the committee
what will be his construction of the bill or his
opinion of the law in the particular which I am
about to mention. In my own view, under the
law as it now is, any judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States has a right to issue
a writ of habeas corpus to be executed any-
where within the limits of the United States.
This bill professes, according to its terms, to
recognize that right, and to make it the duty
of the court where it does not appear affirma-
tively or to the satisfaction of the court that the
arrest is not in violation of the Constitution or
laws of the United States to issue the writ. A
difficulty has arisenin the construction of the
present power, and the difficulty will arise if
we pass this bill, if it be well founded now.
The former Chief Justice of the United
States held that this kind of process issued by
any judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States could be sent anywhere within the limits
of the United States, and would of course be
compulsory upon the party to whom it was
directed ; but an application was made to tho
present Chief Justice for a writ of habeas cor-
pus to bring before him the case of one of the
prisoners at the Tortugas who was charged and
convicted of being concerned directly or indi-
rectly with the assassination of the President,
by a military commission, upon the ground
that military commissions for the trial of citi-
zens, he being a citizen, were unconstitutional,
thatquestion having been decided affirmatively
by a recent decision of the Supreme Court.
The Chief Justice sifiiply denied the applica-
tion ; but, as I understand, he denied it, not
upon the ground that the prisoner was there
under any proper authority, but because he
had no power himself to issue such a writ to
bo executed outside of his own circuit.
This bill does not cure that defect, if it be a
defect; and I suggest to my friend, the chair-
man of the committee, that perhaps he had
better lay it on the table and let us examine
the question of law, so as to place it beyond
all doubt. There is a practical inconvenience,
as we can all see, in authorizing a writ of
habeas corpus to be issued by any judge of the
United States. This bill gives it to the district
judges as well as to the Supreme Court judges :
.and an application might be made to a district
judge in Florida to bring before him some men
convicted and sentenced and hold under im-
prisonment in the State of Vermont or in any
of the further States. Perhaps it would be as
well to limit the authority to the circuit over
which the judge's jurisdiction in other respects
extended.
I rose merely for the purpose of suggesting
to the honorable chairman the doubt which is
evidently in the mind of the present Chief
Justice of the United States, and the advisa-
bility of so framing the law as to remove that
doubt.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, if we are about to
pass the bill we ought to understand exactly
what will be the operation of it. Any man who
may be imprisoned in any part of the United
States may be brought out by this writ issued
by a district judge of the United States farthest
from the place of imprisonment. I think that
is exceedingly inconvenient, embarrassing, and
expensive, and I do not see the necessity for
it. I do not see why the authority should not
be limited to the circuit judge of the circuit
where the party is imprisoned, or at least to
the district judges within the same circuit.
The bill would apply, I suppose, to the judges
here in this District. They would be authorized
to issue a writ of habeas corpus, and it could
be sent down to the Tortugas or any where else
the farthest from here, either south or north,
and the party would be brought here to have
his case decided here, and the decision upon
that ivrit of habeas corpus would be conclusive,
no matter what might be the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States on the
same question brought before them.
I think perhaps the chairman had better let
the bill lie on the table until the next session
of the Senate, until to-morrow or Monday, so
that in the mean time we may look at it and
guard against what seems to me to be a very
unnecessary measure, and what would be a
very expensive one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to
the bill lying over until to-morrow, if the Sen-
ator from Maryland desires to examine it fur-
ther. It was a bill which was called up at
the last session and some discussion was
had upon it then. There is certainly some
force in the suggestion of the Senator, if it be
true that the bill is susceptible of such a con-
struction as he puts upon it, that a district
judge in one part of the Union might issue a
writ of habeas corpus to bring before him a
person confined in a remote part of the Union
from him. That would be objectionable. It
would hardly be tolerated that the district
judge of California should issue a writ of ha-
beas corpus to bring before him some person
from Maryland. Such, I apprehend, is not
the design of the bill, and probably it is not
susceptible of that construction ; but if the
Senator wishes to look into it further I shall
not object at all to its going over to to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should prefer that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is now one o'clock
the special order cuts it off at any rate, I sup-
pose.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lluyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. No. 99) for the relief of Paul S. Forbes,
under his contract with the Navy Department
for building and furnishing the steam screw
sloop-of-war Idaho, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. No.
112) for the relief of Mrs. Abby Green.
The message further announced that^ the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. fifi6) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to purchase certain property for
military purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
•Henry S. Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 98T) for the relief of Jynes
Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland;
A bill (H. R. No. 104-1) for the relief of
John Gray, a revolutionary soldier ;
A bill (H. R. No. 10-15) for the relief of
Daniel Frederick Bateman, a revolutionary
soldier;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of George W. Laue, superintendent of
