1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
particulars aforesaid, in the manner required by
law. And the inspector in charge of any distillery
shall make a prompt return of the name of the dis-
tiller and of all spirits inspected by him in accord-
ance with the provisions of law, to the collector,
and a duplicate thereof to the assessor of the dis-
trict.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk reacj, as follows :
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, Tbat general
bonded warehouses, for the storage of spirits or
other merchandise allowed by law to bo placed in
bond to secure the payment of the internal revenue
tax thereon, or the exportation thereof, may be es-
tablished under such rules and regulations, and upon
the execution of such bonds, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, and shall be in the imme-
diate custody of storekeepers who shall be appointed
for that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose compensation shall be paid monthly to the
collector of the district by the owners or proprietors
of such warehouse, and shall not exceed the rate3
which may be allowed to storekeepers of bonded
warehouses established under the laws and regula-
tions relatingto customs: Provided, That any article
manufactured in a bonded warehouse established
under the one hundred and sixty-eighth section of
the internal revenue act of June 30,1864, and located
in any of the Atlantic States, may be removed there-
from for transportation to a customs bonded ware-
house at any port on the Pacific coast of the United
States, for the purpose only of being exported there-
from, under such rules and regulations and upon the
execution of such bonds or other security as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
every collection district where the same be neces-
sary. one or more general inspectors of spirits, who
shall be required to inspect, gauge, and prove any
distilled spirits to bo removed from any bonded
warehouse before such removal, or received in or
delivered from any general bonded warehouse, and
make prompt return thereof to the collector under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed, and
such general inspector shall be entitled to receive
such fee as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue for each and every proof gallon
gauged and proved by him; and any owner, agent,
or superintendent of any distillery or bonded ware-
house who shall refuse to admit such inspector upon
such premises, so far as it may be necessary for the
performance of his duties, or who shall obstruct any
inspector in the performance of his duties, shall for-
feit and pay the sum of $500, to be recovered in the
manner provided for recovery of other penalties im-
posed. by this act.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall evade or attempt to evade the payment of
the tax upon any distilled spirits, by changing any
marks upon any such cask or package, or in any
other manner whatever, or who shall put into each
cask or package spirits of greater strength than that
inspected and certified to by the inspector, shall pay
double the amount of tax on each proof gallon ot the
quantity of such spirits, to be assessed and collected
as in case of other taxes, and forfeit and pay as a
penalty the additional sum of $500 for each cask or
package so altered or changed, to be recovered as
provided by law; and any person who shall defraud
or attempt to defraud the United States of the reve-
nue or tax arising from distilled spirits or any part
thereof, or who shall, with intent to defraud the Uni-
ted States of such revenue or tax, make any false or
fraudulent entry, certificate, or return, or place any
false or fraudulent mark upon any cask or package,
shall, on conviction thereof, pay a fine of not less
than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned
for not le s than two nor more than five years; and
any person who shall fraudulently use any cask or
package bearing inspection marks, for the purpose
of selling any other spirits than that so inspected, or
for selling spirits of a quantity or quality different
from that so inspected, shall be imprisoned for a
term of not less than six months, and shall pay a fine
of not less than $100 for each cask or package so used,
in the discretion of the court; and any person who
shall knowingly purchase or sell, with inspection
marks thereon, any <*ask or package, after the same
has been used for distilled spirits, or who shall fraud-
ulently omit to erase or obliterate the inspection
marks upon any such package or cask at the time ot
emptying the same, shall forfeit and pay the sum ot
£200 for every cask so purchased or used, or on which
the marks are not so obliterated. And any person,
Other than the inspector or his assistant, who shall
use any inspector's brands or plates upon any cask
or package containing or purporting to contain dis-
tilled spirits, or any person who shall knowingly
make or use any counterfeit or spurious brand or
plate upon any cask or package of distilled spirits,
as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and,
on conviction thereof, shall pay a fine ot Sl.uuu, ana
be imprisoned for not less than two nor more than
five years, and such cask or package, with its con-
tents, shall be forfeited to the United States. And
any inspector who shall permit any person not em-
ployed by him to use any of his brands or plates, or
who shall negligently or willfully leave such brands
or plates where they can be used by any other per-
son than those who may be in his employ, shall pay
a fine of not less than $200 nor more than $1,000. in
the discretion of the court. And any inspector who
shall employ any owner, agent, or superintendent of
any distillery or warehouse under his supervision, or
who shall employ any person in the service of such
owner, agent, or superintendent, to use his plates or
brands, or to discharge any of the duties imposed by
law upon such inspector, shall, for each offense so
committed, be subject to the fine last mentioned.
And every owner, agent, or superintendent of any
distillery shall, at all times when required, supply all
assistance, lights, ladders, tools, staging, or other
things necessary for inspecting the premises, stock,
tools, and apparatus belonging to such person, and
shall open all doors, and open for examination all
boxes, packages, and all casks, barrels, and other
vessels not under the control of tho inspector, when
required so to do by any duly authorized officer,
under a penalty of $200 for any refusal or neglect so
to do.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend this
section by adding the following:
Provided, That the President shal 1 appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of theSenate, inspectors
for all establishments for rectifying the same as for
distilling.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I move to strike, out the
entire section.
Mr. McKEE. Why?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not think it ought to
be there.
The motion was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 28. And bp. it further enacted, That any dis-
tilled spirits which have been inspected, gauged,
proved, and marked by the inspector, according to
the provisions of law, may bo removed without the
payment of tax from the bonded warehouse owned
by the distiller, under such rules and regulations,
and upon the execution of such transportation bonds
or other security, as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, may prescribe, andmay be transported
to any general bonded warehouse used for the stor-
age of distilled spirits, established under the internal
revenue laws and regulations, after having been
branded as follows: 44 U. S. bonded warehouse, —-
district, ; for transportation to district, ,
(inserting in each case tho number of the district and
name ot the State;) and immediately after tho
anival of such distilled spirits in the district of the
collector to which it was to be transferred, it shall
again be inspected by a general inspector, and
placed in a bonded warehouse; and tho tax shall bo
paid on the difference between the number of proof
gallons as stated in the bond given at the place of
shipment, and the number received at the ware-
house, less the allowance for leakage, as established
by the regulations of tho Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and, except for actual destruction by un-
avoidable accident, by the elements, or by the pub-
lic enemy, no other allowanceforloss shall be made;
and any distilled spirits entered in a general bonded
warehouse shall be subject to such rules and regula-
tions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe, and be chargeable with the same costs and
expenses, in all respects, to which imported goods
deposited in public store or bonded warehouse may
be subject, and shall be in charge of a storekeeper,
to be appointed by the Secretary of tho Treasury,
who, with the owner and proprietor of the. ware-
house, shall have the joint custody of all tho distilled
spirits so stored in said warehouse, which shall be at
the risk of the owner of the said spirits, and all labor
on the same shall be performed by the owner or pro-
prietor of the warehouse, under the supervision ot
the officer in charge of the same, and at the expense
of said owner or proprietor. And the sarno fees
shall be paid for the execution of all papers, instru-
ments, and documents relating to the exportation
of any spirits or other merchandise, as are charged
to exporters for like services inthecuslom-house;
andallexpenseandservicesrequiredin the removal,
transfer, and shipment of the same for export shall
be paid by the owner thereof: Provided, That any
distilled spirits may be withdiawn from a bonded
warehouse, after having been inspected and gauged
by a general inspector, and after the payment to the
collector of internal revenue for thedistrxct in which
the warehouse is situated of the tax imposed( by
law: and when so delivered, shall be branded U.
S. bonded warehouse, tax paid;" or may be re-
moved from said warehouse without the payment ot
the tax for tho purpose of being exported, or tor the
purpose of being rectified, or redistilled, canned, or
put into othor packages, after the quantity and proof
of the spirits to be removed has been ascertained and
inspected as required by law, under such rules and
regulations and the execution of such bonds or other
security as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of tho -treas-
ury, may prescribe; but such removal of bonded
spirits for the purpose of being rectified, redistilled,
or put into other packages, shall bo allowed but once
on the same spirits; and all spirits so removed for re-
distillation, rectification, or change of package, shail
be returned to the same warehouse, and shall again
be inspected; and the tax shall be. paid to tho said
collector on any deficiency or reduction beyond three
per cent. And upon spirits removed under oond for
the purpose of being redistilled or rectified, or change
of package as aforesaid, and upon which an allow-
ance shall have been made, as herein provided, the
duty upon such allowance shall bo paid, together
with the taxes imposed by law upon such spirits, m
case euch spirits shall be withdrawn for consumption
or sale, or for transportation without being exported.
And no drawback shall be allowed on any distilled
spirits on which the tax has been paid; but nothing
in this section shall be so construed as to prevent the
manufacturo in bond for exportation, without the
payment of taxes, of medicines, preparations, com-
positions, perfumery, cosmetics, cordials, and other
liquors manufactured- wholly or in part of domestic
spirits, as provided by law.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted. That any dis-
tilled spirits may be removed from bonded ware-
house, for tho purpose of being exported, upon the
order of the superintendent of exports for the port
whence the same are to be exported; and such order
shall state the port to which such spirits are to be
shipped, the name of the vessel, the number of proof
gallons, and the marks of the casks or packages; and
such spirits shall bo branded " U. S. bonded ware-
house, for export/' and shall be put on board the
vessel in or by which they are to be exported, under
tho superintendence of a genoral inspector, and
placed under tho supervision of an officer of the cus-
toms, after a bond with good and sufficient sureties
shall have been given in such form and containing
such conditions as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, subject to the approval of thcSecretary of
tho Treasury, may prescribe. And such bond shall
be canceled upon the presentation of the proper
certificate that said spirits have been landed at the
port named in said bond, or at any other port with-
out tho jurisdiction of the United States, or upon
satisfactory proof that after shipment the spirits
have been lost. And at any port where there shall
be no superintendent of exports, all tho duties and
services required of superintendents of exports and
drawback shall devolve upon and be performed by
tho collector of internal revenuo designated to have
charge of exportation.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 30. And bo it further enacted, That any por.->on
who shall remove any distilled spirits from tho place
where the same is distilled, otherwise than into a
bonded warehouse as provided by law, shall be liable
to a fine of double tho amount of the tax imposed
thereon, and to imprisonment for not less than three
months. All distilled spirits so removed, and all
distilled spirits found elsewhere than in a bonded
warehouse, not having been removed from such
warehouse according to law, shall be forfeited to the
United States, or may, immediately upon discovery,
be seized, and, after assessment of the tax thoreon,
may be sold by tho collector for the tax and expenses
of seizure and sale. And proceedings upon such
seizure shall be according to existing provisions of
law in relation to distraint, and in conformity with
any regulations which shall be made by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. And the burden
of proof shall bo upon the claimant of said spirits to
show that the requirements of law in regard to tho
same have been complied with. And any person
who shall aid or abet in the removal of distilled
spirits from any distillery otherwisethan to abonded
warehouse as provided by law, or shall aid in the
concealment of such spirits so removed, shall be
liable,on conviction thereof, to a fine of not less than
$200 nor more than $1,000, and to imprisonment for
not less than three nor more than twelvo months.
And any person who shall remove, or shall aid or
abet in the removal of any distilled spirits from any
bonded warehouse, otherwise than is allowed by
law, shall bo liable to a fine of not more than $1,000,
and to imprisonment for not less than three nor moro
than twelve months.
No amendment being offered.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That any person
or persons who shail add or cause to bo added any
ingredients to any spirits before the tax imposed by
law shall have been paid thereon, for the purpose of
creating a fictitious proof, shall, upon conviction, be
subject to a fine of $1,000 for each cask or package so
adulterated, and be imprisoned for not less than one
nor more than two years, in the discretion of the
court; and such cask or package, with its contents,
shall be forfeited to the*United States.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That every recti-
fier or wholesale dealerin distilled spiritsshall enter,
daily, in a book or books kept for tho purpose, under
such rules and regulations as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may prescribe, the number of
proof gallons of spirits purchased or received, of
whom purchased and received, the name ot the dis-
tiller, thenamesof the inspectors, the number on tho
cask or package, and the number of proof gallons
sold or delivered, and to whom, and shall mark with
a stencil-plate, on each package of five gallons or
moro of distilled or rectified spirits sold by him, ins
name and place of business; and every rectifier or
wholesale dealer who shall neglect or refuse to keep
such record, or shall omit to mark each, cask or pack-
age as aforesaid, shall forfeit all spirits in his^ pos-
session, together with tho apparatus, tools, and im-
plements used, and. be subject to a fine of #o00, and
imprisonment for not less than six months nor more
than one year, in the discretion of the court.
No amendment being offered}
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec S3 And be it further enacted. That any person
owning any distilled spirits intended for sale, manu-
factured prior to the time when this act takes effect,
exceeding fifty gallons altogether, shall notify m writ"
