1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
the branch mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 24-1) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 755) amendatory of an act to
amend an act entititled "An act relating to
habeas corpus, and regulating judicial proceed-
ings iu certain cases," approved May 11, 1866:
and the enrolled joint resolution (S. No. 156)
to provide for the removal of the wreck of the
steamship Scotland; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
TUB TARli  BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Finance by
striking out lines seventeen to twenty-four,
inclusive, of section thirteen, on pages 84 and
85, and inserting in lieu thereof:
On candlc or catinel coal, and on all bituminous
coal, SI 50 per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty
pounds to the bushel.
Mr. President, the bill as it stands in those
parts of it which the amendment proposes to
strike out levies a duty of $1 50 a ton upon
bituminous coal brought from a certain region
of country, and it levies a duty of only fifty
cents upon coal brought from a distance inside
of a described line. The Senate will see by
looking at the line which is described that the
effect of it will be that nearly all the coal that
is imported from abroad will be subjected only
to the duty of fifty cents, as nearly all the coal
■which is imported is brought from inside of
that line. Now, as I stated the day before
yesterday, if that duty alone is imposed upon
the bituminous coal, it will very materially
injure, if it does not entirely destroy, the use of
the bituminous coal of the United States.
The bill, in a line which I do not propose to
strike out—for if that interest needed the pro-
tection I would vote for it—proposes $1 50 a
ton upon anthracite coal. Pennsylvania does
not need that protection, there being, as I
understand, little if any anthracite coal im-
ported into the United States. It is an article
which almost exclusively belongs to Pennsyl-
vania, and is a source of great wealth to her.
But the bituminous coal is common to Mary-
land, common to West Virginia, common to
several of the western States, and is very ex-
tensively, and must be very extensively, used
throughout the United States, for various pur-
poses, for fuel for manufacturing purposes,
for the production of gas, for steamboat fuel,
and it is becoming a very extensive article of
sale and consequently of wealth to the United
States. The whole effect of the provision as
it stands in the bill will be to protect the man-
ufacturers, who can be supplied by foreign coal
this side of the described line, paying a duty
only of fifty cents, which will render it impos-
sible for the Mai-yland miner or the West
Virginia miner or the Kentucky minor to com-
pete in the markets with that coal. The whole
effect of my amendment, therefore, will be to
strike out the distinction, so as to levy a duty
of $1 50 per ton upon all bituminous coal;
and I hope that, looking to the purpose which
we all have in view and the necessity of protect-
ing all, the Senate will concur in the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The clause which has
been inserted by the Committee on Finance
here is the same that was inserted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the House when
they reported the original bill. It was debated
very much in the House,^nd principally by one
of the Representatives f m Maryland, taking
the same ground that the honorable Senator
from Maryland does now, and by a majority of
one, I think, though it may have been two or
three, the duty was finally carried, as tho Sen-
ator proposes here. The Representative from
Pittsburg gave his assent to it as proper and
fair under the circumstances.
Now, there are several reasons why the clause
should stand as the Finance Committee ar-
ranged it. The Senator from Maryland has
made a very general statement that it would
destroy the mining interests of the Cumberland
valley and of Kentucky if this duty of fifty cents
only was imposed. In reply to,that I want to
say to him that during the existence of the re-
ciprocity treaty, under which coal came in free
from Nova Scotia, the whole trade of the Cum-
berland valley in coal, the peculiar coal they
raise there, came up from about nothing to sis
hundred thousand tons. Although cfuring the
operation of that treaty the Nova Scotia coal
came in without any duty, the trade in Cumber-
land coal grew up from a very low figure to
about six hundred thousand tons. How can
the Senator reconcile that fact, about which
there is no dispute, with the idea that the im-
position of fifty cents on it, instead of nothing,
is to ruin the trade in Cumberland,coal? It
shows that the honorable Senator has made his
statement without being fully acquainted with
the data that exist in relation to the matter
about which he has made his remarks to the
Senate.
Now, sir, does anybody know how much
coal is imported from Novia Scotia at this time
in the whole? Never over five hundred thou-
sand tons in any one year, and the whole coal
trade of the United States exceeds twenty-two
millions. Even when the Novia Scotia coal
came in free its importation never exceeded
five hundred thousand tons. How can that
ruin the business in Cumberland coal?
There are several other facts that I wish to
mention for the information of the honorable
Senator. None of the Novia Scotia coal goes
south of Rhode Island to any appreciable
extent. It is used principally in New England
for the purpose of makin^jgas. All but about
eighty thousand tons of it is used for the pur-
pose of making gas, affording the light used
by gas companies. Some of the gas companies
do not use it, preferring to import their coal
from England even at a duty of $1 50 a ton,
and do so ; but others use it to a great extent.
There are only about seventy or eighty thou-
sand tons used for any other purpose than gas-
making. It is not used for fuel in families.
The anthracite is used almost exclusively for
that purpose. The seventy or eighty thousand
tons I speak of are used for the purpose of
manufacturing iron in the iron rolling-mills
established in New England. The Nova Scotia
coal cannot be used by blacksmiths, and it is
not used by blacksmiths or in machine-shops.
It does not answer their purpose; but it is used,
as I said before, to that small extent in the man-
ufacture of iron in the rolling-mills in New
England.
Now, how will the use of Nova Seotia coal
for gas interfere with the Cumberland coal?
The"Cumberland coal is not used for making
gas and cannot be.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is in Baltimore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, not the Cum-
berland coal. I understand it cannot be used
for that purpose, and is not. I think the Sen-
ator, if he makes proper inquiries, will find
that he is mistaken. So it does not interfere
with'that. It might interfere possibly, but for
the large additional freight, with the Westmore-
land county coal of Pennsylvania, out of which
gas is made, and which is sent down to Phila-
delphia and other points for that purpose.
Now, let me state another fact of some import-
ance, and that is that the Cumberland coal
already has an additional protection of one dol-
lar in the fact that in the same marketit always
commands a dollar more per ton than the Nova
Scotia coal for the very use to which it is put—
I mean for use in manufacturing iron. It is a
better coal and commands a dollar a ton more,
and this added to the gold duty of fifty cents,
as the committee propose, would be a protec-
tion as it stands now of in fact §1 70 a ton in
currency.
Under these circumstances the committee
thought that, in view of the large additional
duties that are placed upon iron manufactured
so largely in Maryland and Pennsylvania, and
which fall very heavily upon the workers in
iron, it was no very great boon to ask that
those who have the coal at their doors pre-
cisely .where they get their iron should allow
the iron-workers elsewhere to import the very
small quantity that they use, seventy or eighty
thousand tons, free from the additional burden
of the increased duty. • In Maryland you have
your coal and your iron upon the spot. We
must carry our coal to Maine and carry our
iron to Maine to manufacture it. Now, is not
a protection of $1 70 per ton upon the coal
sufficient for the Maryland workers in iron and
the Maryland owners of coal ? It is strange to
me that under these circumstances the very
small-quantity that is used for that purpose
and for gas-making purposes cannot be al-
lowed to be imported at the rate of duty now
proposed to be stricken out; and such was the
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the other House, as well as of the Commit-
tee on Finance of the Senate.
The truth is that with reference to all these
matters many things are to be considered.
The tariff on iron proposed by this bill will
bear very heavily upon the population of New
England. I think that men should consider
in framing a tariff applicable to so many dif-
ferent sections of this great country, having
different interests in many particulars, that the
rule of "live and let live" might well be ap-
plied. It should not be insisted upon by the
owners of these large coal mines, whose trade
is so very large, that this article, which is
mainly used by persons in the United States
who were formerly accustomed to get their
coal free under the reciprocity treaty, and who
have not been able to raise the importation to
over five hundred thousand tons, should be
subjected to the heavy duties imposed upon
other coal.
I have now stated the facts in relation to the
matter, afid until the Senator can tell me why
the Cumberland coal trade grew up from al-
most nothing to over six hundred thousand
tons a year under the reciprocity treaty, when
there was no duty on Nova Scotia coal at all,
I shall be unable to see how the Cumberland
coal trade can be destroyed by a duty of fifty
cents, and I cannot consent to vote for this
amendment. If he could prove that as a mat-
ter of statistics I should be inclined to look
with a little more favor on his argument.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from M$ine is always instructive; no one is
more conscious of that than I am, because I
am almost always instructed by him; but on
this occasion he has attempted to instruct me
where I think I was instructed before.
I was aware that under the reciprocity treaty
coal was admitted free; and I was aware that
to a certain extent the Maryland coal was pro-
duced and disposed of to a great extent at
that time. Whether the amount was four hun-
dred or five hundred or six hundred thousand
tons, as he states. I do not know. _ I suppose
he is right as to the amount; but in point of
fact the owners of the mines made little or no
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They sold over six
hundred thousand tons.
Mr. JOHNSON. No matter what it was,
they made little or no money by it; and they
made little or nothing, because the demand for
such coal was not equal to what they could
have supplied; and the profit upon what they
were able to supply was comparatively trifling.
Notwithstanding the reciprocity treaty they
supplied all the wants of the country with ref-
erence to this article this side of New "i ork.
That, they do now; but that does not furnish a
sufficient, demand. There have been various
companies chartered by Maryland for the pur-
pose of mining coal and bringing it to market.
The stock at one time went up to a very large
figure beyond its par value, but it soon_ re-
ceded ; and there is no oue of the original
stockholders who held on that has failed to lose.
