1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1SS
39th Cong. ... 2d Bess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
jurisdiction ovor all persons and things within ita
territorial limits as any foreign nation, where that
jurisdiction is not surrendered or restrained by the
Constitution of the United States."
There are other authorities to the same effect,
but this is the plain principle of the Constitu-
tion. The authorities upon which I rely clearly
establish these positions :
1. That the Government of the United States
is one of delegated powers.
2. That it has no powers which the Consti-
tution does not confer upon it.
3. That the Constitution must have invested
Congress with some power that will cover the
bill under consideration, and the passage of
which will be an appropriate exercise of that
power, or it will be void if passed.
The advocates of this measure, and especially
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
claim that the war powers of Congress give
authority to pass it, and that the military and
naval forces of the United States having sup-
pressed the rebellion in the lately revolted
States, Congress was thereby placed in the posi-
tion of the conqueror of those States, and by
the laws of nations became invested with all
the rights and powers in those States that one
nation at war with another would acquire by
its conquest. I propose to examine this most
novel and startling proposition. Congress by
one provision of the Constitution is empow-
ered—
"To declare war, grant letters of marque and re-
prisal, and make rule9 concerning captures on land
and water."
And by another provision—
"To provide for calling forth the militiato execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."
Other provisions of the Constitution declare
that—
"The President shall be Commander in Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States, when called into the
service of the United States," and he "shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed."
The Supreme Court, in the Prize Cases, (2
Black, 666,) says:
"War has been well defined to be that state in
which a nation prosecutes its right by force."
And in the same opinion (668) it says:
" By the Constitution, Congress alone has thepower
to declare a national or foreign war. It cannot de-
clare war against a State or any number of States, by
virtue of any clause in the Constitution. The Consti-
tution confers on the President the whole executive
power, lie is bound to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. He is Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the
actual service of the United States. He has no
power to initiate or dcclarc war either against a
ioreign nation or a domestic State. But by the acts
of Congress of February 28,1795, land 3d of March.
1807, he is authorized to call out the militia, and use
the military and naval forces of the United States
in case of invasion by foreign nations, and to sup-
press insurrection against the government of a State,
or of the United States."
The learned court, when it announced that
Congress "cannot declare war against a State
or against any number of States, by virtue of
any clause in the Constitution," could have
added with as much truth, "nor any other law
or claim of power." Our Constitution estab-
lishes not only a complicated, but a peculiar
and unique, at the time, form of government.
Other forms of government afford no aid in
determining the character of ours, the extent
of its powers, or their distribution among its
different departments and officers. They may
be resorted to for the purpose of ascertaining
their meaning of phrases and language which
our Constitution nas borrowed from them ; but
they, or any powers which they impart, cannot
have the effect to overrule any provisions of
our Constitution, to nullify any powers organ-
ized by it, or to change their investiture (torn.
any of its departments or officers, much lese
to confer new powers upon the Government
and to indicate which of its magistracy are to
execute them. This practice of.drawing anal-
ogies between the monarchies sod despotisms
of Europe and the Government of the United
States, and interpreting its powers, and their
distribution by those other Governments, has
produced in our country much error and
mischief. Our Government has but a single
source, the Constitution, in which is written
down its whole law, and that is '"the supreme
law of the land." Any and everything in the
constitutions and laws of the States, in the
laws of nations, maritime law, and all other
bodies of law, in conflict with the Constitution,
or any of its provisions, fall by its touch and
before its intrinsic power: it could not other-
wise be "the supreme law of the land."
In giving construction to it, resort must be
had principally to its text, and therf to the
debates of the Convention which formed it,
to the defects of the system it was intended to
supersede, and the exigencies of the country
that required a more vigorous Government, to
the contemporary expositions, and its interpre-
tation in the decisions of the Supreme Court.
When brought to these tests, the Constitution
will be found to establish clearly these propo-
sitions :
1. Congress can constitutionally make war
only against foreign nations.
2. Congress has no authority to make war
upon a Slate for any purpose.
3. When the people of one or more States
make war against the United States, by resist-
ing forcibly the due execution of their laws or
rebelling against them, it is the duty of Con-
gress to raise the necessary military and naval
power to enforce the execution of the laws and
to suppress the rebellion.
4. When the insurgents have been sup-
pressed and submit to the authority, Constitu-
tion, and laws of the United States, arms can
no longer be rightfully used against them.
5. In any conflict of arms between the United
States and any portion of the people the for-
mer have no rights of conquest whatever.
I propose to make some further examina-
tion of these positions, and will treat of the
first two together.
When it is observed that the Constitution, in
after clauses, expressly authorizes Congress to
use military force to execute the laws of the
Union, to suppress insurrections, to repel inva-
sions, and to protect every State against domes-
tic violence, being all the forms in which inter-
nal war can be made, it cannot be doubted that
its previously established power to declare war
relates to foreign nations only. If it had been
intended to comprehend domestic wars also
they would not have been specially provided
for in later express enumerations. The debates
of the Convention, the Federalist, and other
contemporaneous expositions of the Constitu-
tion show clearly that the power "to declare
war " was intended to operate only against for-
eign nations; and that construction having been
given to it by the Supreme Court it is not now
an open question.
If Congress has no authority to make war
upon a State, and that position can be estab-
lished by argument, it would also demonstrate
that its power to declare war would necessarily
be restricted to foreign nations. For the United
States to declare or make war against one or
more States, and conquest and subjugation to
ensue, would be for the whole to destroy its
parts, the body its members, and where would
the operation of such a principle stop? There
was no proposition or thought in the Conven-
tion to confer on the common Government any
such power; but it was proposed to authorize
it to coerce the States by military force for
particular ends. Mr. fi&ndolph,*in the sixth
resolution of his secies, embodying his ideas
of some of the principal features of the new
Government, among many others, proposed
that it shonld have power "to call forth the
force of the Union agauigtany member of the
Union failing to fulfill ite duty undor the arti-
cles thereof.''
In the plan submitted by Me. Patterson, for
himself and several of the deputations, a sim-
ilar proposition, but in a more circumscribed
and special form, was offered in this language:
"That if any State, or any body of men in any
btate, shall oppose or prevent the oarrying into exe-
cution such acts or treaties, the Federal Executive
shall be authorized to call forth the power of the
Confederated States, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, to enforce and compel obedience to such
acts, or an observance of such treaties."
This proposition was lengthily debated on
several days by the Convention. It was opposed
ably and earnestly by Madison, Hamilton,
Wilson, and other members, and finally re-
jected.
In April, 1787, Mr. Madison, in a letter to
General Washington, speaking of the approach-
ing Convention, and the new Government it
would probably propose to the States, incorpo-
rated these passages:
" An article should be introduced expressly guar-
antying the States against internal as well as exter-
nal dangers."
"In like manner, the right of coercion should be
expressly declared. With the resources of commerce
in hand, the national administration might always
find means of exerting it either by sea or land. But
the difficulty and awkwardness of operating by force
on the collective will of a State render it particu-
larly desirable that the necessity of it might be pre-
cluded. Perhaps the negative on the laws might
create such a mutuality of dependence between the
general and particular authorities as to answer this
purpose."
Mr. Madison, in a letter dated October 24,
1787, to Mr. Jefferson, then our minister to
France, wherein he gives a synopsis of the
new plan of Government recommended by the
Convention, introduces this paragraph, speak*
ing of that body :
" It was generally agreed that the objects of the
Union could not be secured by any system founded
on the principle of a Confederation of sovereign
States. A voluntary observance of the Federal law
could never be hoped for. A compulsive one could
evidently never bo reduced to practice; and if it
could, involved equal calamities to the innocent and
the guilty, the necessity of a military force both
obnoxious and dangerous, and, in general, a scene
resembling much more a civil war than the ad-
ministration of a regular Government. Hence wai
embraced the alternative of a Government which,
instead of operating on the States, should operate
without their intervention on the individuals com-
posing them; and hence the change in the principle
and proportion of representation."— Writings of Mad-
won, volume one, pages 290, 344.
Madison here announced to Mr. Jeffer-
son what the Constitution so distinctly shows:
that the Convention had abandoned the prin-
ciple of the Articles of Confederation, which
was the great weakness of that system; that
its powers could only be executed by the inter-
vention of the States; and had framed a Gov-
ernment to execute itself by acting directly
upon its objects and the people. Also, that
it had refused to adopt the principle of coerc-
ing the States by a military force to obey the
laws. The Convention which framed the Con-
stitution never intended that the Federal Gov-
ernment should have the power to initiate civil
war by coercing a State by military force for
any purpose. Mr. Madison's prescience wa3
that such coercion would be civil war. A
proposition to give to Congress the power to
veto the laws of the States also was made in
the Convention, and repeatedly and lengthily
pressed in earnest debate, and was rejected.
The substitutes for these proposed coercive
powers, which the Convention adopted, were
to make the Constitution, and the laws made
in pursuance of it, the supreme law of the land,
and to require the judges in every State to be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution
or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing ; to require the Senator* and Rep-
resentatives of Congress, and th« members of
the several State Legislatures* and all execu-
tive and judicial officers of the United States
and of the several States to be bound by oath
or affirmation to support the Constitution; to
enforce the exeeatioa of the laws of the Union ;
to suppress insurrections and repel invasions;
and on the application of the Legislature (or
of the Executive when the Legislature cannot
be cooveoeei) of the several States to protect
