m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
them by force of arms against domestic vio-
lence ; by the courts to punish treasoij against
the United States; and to adjudge all cases, in
law or equity, arising under the Constitution,
laws, or treaties of the United States.
Congress is not empowered to make any war
upon the States or the people ; but when the
execution of the laws is resisted, or an insur-
rection, or rebellion, which is only a big insur-
rection, is made against the United States, the
Government of the United States has the con-
stitutional authority to intervene with arms,
Congress to raise the forces, and the President
to direct them as Commander-in-Chief. The
resistance to the execution of the laws and the
insurrection are criminal, and equally criminal
whether with or without the sanction of the
State authorities. The mode of putting them
down is, in all respects, the same in the one
case as in the other; and all the actors in
both are guilty of treason against the United
States, and the only kind of treason which,
under the Constitution, can be committed:
" levying war against them or adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort;" and
persons charged with this crime cannot be tried
by martial law or military tribunals, but only
by the civil law and courts and juries, and ac-
cording to the mode prescribed by the Consti-
tution. The forms of trial and the kinds and
amount of punishment are the same, whether
the traitors acted with or without or even in
defiance of State authority, and in each class
of cases the crime is individual and personal,
and so is the punishment. Every traitor is to
be tried and punished for his own crime; the
State is not to be tried and punished at all:
" No person shall be convicted of treason unless
on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt
act, or on confession in open court."
"The Congress shall have power to declare the
punishment of treason; but no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except
during the life of the person attainted."
None but a- person can commit or be con-
victed of treason. A State cannot, but a per-
son may be brought into open court and make
confession of treason. The blood of a person
may be corrupted by attainder of treason, and
he may b&. subjected to a forfeiture of his prop-
erty and j-ights during life, and such other
punishment as Congress may declare; but tlifse
ideas are not applicable to States.
But, Mr. President, the position of Senators
who support the measure under consideration
is still more extreme and absurd. It is that
the United States, having by force of arms
suppressed the rebellion, by the laws of nations
has acquired over the States whose people, or,
as gentlemen phrase it, the States that revolted
and were subdued, the rights of a conqueror.
This question, and the whole subject, is not
to be considered and decided by the principles
of national law alone, but in connection with
the Constitution of the United States. That
is the supreme law of this land everywhere and
at all times, in war and in peace. Any princi-
ple of national law or any other law that is in
conflict with the Constitution has no authority
whatever in the United States, and here is no
more to be regarded than if it had never l^ad
effect or existence anywhere. That is the
supremacy of the Constitution. Let us exam-
ine this claim made for the Government of the
United States, for Congress, of the rights of a
conqueror over the southern States by the Con-
stitution, its principles, and provisions.
Section three, article one, reads:
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
£osed of two benatorsfrotn each State, chosen by the
tigislatiire thereof, for six years."
In second paragraph, section one of article
two, is this provision:
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature may direct, a number of eleeton, equal
to the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives to which the State may be entitled in the Con-
gress."
Article five is in these words :
" The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to_ this Constitution, or, on the application of two
thirds of the seyeral States, shall call a convention
forproposingamendments, which, in either case, shall
be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this
Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States, or by conventions
in three fourths thereof, as the one orthe othermode
of ratification may be proposed by the Congress."
The Federal Government was made by the
States, and they become to be united by and
according to the Constitution. It made them
"The United States of America." One of
the great purposes of the Federal Government
is to preserve, defend, and perpetuate the
States:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
The States were the primary and deep found-
ation stones upon which the new Government
was reared. Their existence, perpetuity, and
position in the Union are provided for all
through the Constitution, and the Govern-
ment clothed with the necessary civil and all
the military power of the United States to give
them that guarantee. In the House they were
severally invested with a representation in pro-
portion to their numbers ; in that of the Sen-
ate they were made equal; and in the presi-
dential election, each State was given the num-
ber of electors that she had Representatives
and Senators. The Government of the Uni-
ted States had power by arms to enforce its
laws, to suppress insurrections and rebellions
against them, and to protect each State against
invasion and domestic violence. It has ample
power to defend, to preserve, to perpetuate
the States; but not an iota to attack, to con-
quer, to obliterate a State. It is an innate prin-
ciple of our system, that while it lives one of
the States cannot die ; yea, that it might per-
ish and all the States yet survive. When the
execution of the laws is resisted, or an insur-
rection or rebellion breaks out, the Govern-
ment has one power, one duty: to enforce the
execution of the laws, to put down the rebellion
even by military force; these effected, the
whole power for the occasion is exhausted,
and the sword as against the people and the
State is to be sheathed. The power is to con-
serve, not to destroy; to prevent revolution,
not to make it; to uphold the States, not to
obliterate them.
The Constitution not only founded the Fed-
eral Government upon the States, but it adopt-
ed them as part, an indispensable part, of its
machinery. That Government could not be
administered, could not exist without a Sen-
ate ; and Senators can be chosen only by the
State Legislatures. A President is one of its
vital organs; and that officer istobe chosen by
electors, and those electors can be appointed
only in the manner directed by the Legisla-
tures of the States, and there is no other
authority to act in the premises.
In the fortieth number of the Federalist,
Mr. Madison wrote:
" Tho State governments may be regarded as con-
stituent and essential parts of the Federal Govern-
ment : while the latter is in no wise essential to the
operations or organization of the former. Without
the intervention of the State Legislatures the Presi-
dent of the United States cannot be elected at all.
The Senate will be elected absolutely and exclusively
by the State Legislatures."
When the Legislatures of two thirds of the
States make application to Congress to call a
convention for proposing amendments to the
Constitution, Congress is required by the Con-
stitution to C&ll such a convention ; and when
amendments are proposed in that mode, or by a
two thirds vote of both Houses of Congress, they
cannot become a part of the Constitution with-
out, but do upon being ratified by the Legisla-
tures or conventions of three fourths of the
States. It is not only unsound, but it is pre-
posterous to assume that the men who fill the
offioes of the State governments by committing
treason, rebelling against the United States,
can thereby destroy a part of the indispensable
machinery of the Government, by which alone
a Senate can be chosen, a President elected,
and the Constitution amended. The men who
work the machinery are criminal, but not the
machinery ; they incur forfeitures and punish-
ment, but not it. This admirable constitu-
tional mechanism survives in its legal exist-
ence to preserve the harmony and complete-
ness of our complicated system; and when
loyal men regain possession of it, or those who
betrayed it return to their fidelity, it resumes
its functions by the conserving, restoring prin-
ciple of post limine, as though it had never
been disturbed.
This position can be enforced by other argu-
| ments. _ A President of the United States may
be a traitor and commit treason against them ;
but not the Presidency, the office. The in-
cumbent may make war against them and be
vanquished, impeached, and removed from
office, be killed in battle, or hung as a traitor;
but however he may be ousted from office or
perish, the office still remains. He may hold
possession of the capital, expel Congress and the
courts from it, continue in the formal admin-
istration of the office, and direct the operations
of the Army and Navy for the subversion of
the Constitution and Government and the lib-
erty of the people, and all this does not anni-
hilate or forfeit or affect the constitutional and
legal existence of the office of the Presidency;
that still exists, though suspended in its legiti-
mate operation by the criminal conduct and
usurpations of the incumbent. But so soon as
he is driven from it and another is properly
chosen, he goes into the office with all its con-
stitutional powers, no more, no less, by the
effect of the principle of post limine. So a
part or all the members of the two Houses of
Congress may make war against "the United
States ; and if all were to make such a war, even
as Congress, that would not abolish or forfeit
oi- affect the legal existence of Congress, or of
either House, or the office which any Senator
or Representative filled, although every incum-
bent would have forfeited his office and his life
and should have lost both for their crimes.
The offices would abide all the storms of trea-
son and civil war as component parts of our
system of Government, and be permanent as
it to prevent the greater evils of anarchy and
chaos, and would be ready, unshorn of a single
power, to receive other incumbents regularly
chosen.
When the insurgents or rebels, as in the late
civil war, are so strong as to take possession
by force of arms of one or many States, to
expel the authority, laws, and officers of the
United States from them, and set up hostile
governments, their position as States of the
Union and the citizenship of their people be-
come suspended, and so continue until the hos-
tile power in them is suppressed or voluntarily
submits; and then by the principle of post lim-
ine the States and the people are remitted to
their former position and relations with the
United States. Until that is effected they oc-
cupy no other character than that of insurgents
making war against the United States, and are
to be suppressed by force of arms. The hos-
tilities are to be conducted on both sides ac-
cording to the humane usages of modern war-
fare. The parties are belligerents sub modo,
and their belligerent rights are to be determined,
not by the laws of nations,- but by our laws,
Constitution, and form of government. Be-
yond the modes in which the war is to be con-
ducted the insurgents have no rights but what
their success may wrest from the United States.
The latter may press hostilities against them
as against other enemies, but not for the ends •
of conquest and subjugation, of overthrow and
reconstruction, but to reduce them to obedi-
ence to the Constitution, law*, and authority
of the United States; to defeat their attempt
to get away from their proper position and the
