1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the commit-
tee now rise. We have had read all but one
section of the bill; but that is a very pregnant
section. I notice that it proposes to repeal no
less than twenty-six sections of the old law.
Now we ought to ascertain what those sections
are. And I think there are other sections
which should be repealed. I therfore move that
the committee rise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope that motion
will be agreed to. It cannot be expected that
we can report this bill to the House to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. It is hot expected fliat
we will report the bill. But I hope the remain-
ing section will be read; and then the bill can
be left in committee until to-morrow.
Mr. HILL. Will ths bill then be open to
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. If the last section is now
read, that section will be open to amendment,
and the bill will also be open to amendment by
way of additional sections; but it will not be
in order to return to any other section for
amendment except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw my motion
that the committee rise.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 46. Andbeitfurther enacted, That sectionssixfcy
and one hundred andfourteen of theact entitled "An
aet to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, and sections
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four,
twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight,
twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-
three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-eight, thirty-
nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-
four, forty-five, and sixty-one of the act amendatory
thereof, approved July IS, 1866, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
first line of this section by inserting after the
word "sixty" the word "ninety-seven."
Pending this amendment,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to. f
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Boutweix re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 1161,
to amend the existing laws relating to internal
revenue, and had directed him to report that
they had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, onmotionofMr. CONKLING, (at
eleven o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rul o, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of T. and Eliza
Chantems, of St. Petersburg, Russia, complaining of
injustice and wrong perpetrated by the American
minister.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Lawrence, of New
York, in relation to paper money.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: A memorial of G. W.
M. Reed and 142 citizens of Arkansas, praying for
the impeachment of the acting President of the Uni-
ted States.
Also, the petition of 0. M. Mason and over 200
citizens of the State of Arkansas praying Congress
to impeaoh and remove the acting President.
By Mr. BBAMAN: The remonstrance of Moses
W. Field and others, citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
against a contraction of the currency.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
the United States, residing in Chester county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of S. D. Hunger-
ford and 20 others, citizens of Adams, Jefferson
county, New York, adverse to the withdrawal of the
national currency. ,
« By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Alfred L. Ken-
nedy, president, and the members of the faculty of
the Polytechnic College of the State of Pennsylvania,
asking that all books, maps, &c., intended tor the
use of libraries, colleges, and other public institu-
tions be continued free, as a repeal of that provision
in the law would be attended with results disastrous
to the diffusion of useful knowledge.
Also, the petition of W. J. Horstmann, president,
and the other officers of the German Society Library
of Philadelphia, asking that all books, maps, <te.,
intended for the use of libraries, colleges, and other
public institutions be continued free, as a repeal of
that provision in the law would be attended with
disastrous resultsin the 4'ffusion of useful knowledge.
Also, the petition of Hon. J. B. Ingersoll, presi-
dent, and the other officers of the Historical Society
of Pennsylvania, asking^ that all books, maps, &c.,
intended for the use of libraries, colleges, ana other
public institutions be continued free, as a repeal in
that provision in the law would be attended with
results disastrous tothediffusion of useful knowledge.
Bjl Mr- RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
W. F. Weld & Co., and others, merchants of Boston,
for an amendment of the warehouse bill, approved
March 16,1866.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 18, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 14th instant, the
report of General Newton in relation to the
encroachments in the harbor of New York;
which, on motion of Mr. MORGAN, was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
house bills keferred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 1001) for the relief of
William B. Todd; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1142) to amend the act
entitled "An act to incorporate a Newsboys'
Home," and also for the relief of abandoned
children in the District of Columbia.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House ef Representatives were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 899) in relation to the rev-
enue-cutter service;
A bill (H. R. No. 937) to authorize changes
in the location of lights and other aids to navi-
gation on the southern coast of the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1166) to authorize the
building of light-house, therein mentioned, and
for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 283) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria, a
gold chronometer in token of appreciation of
his services in rescuing from death the master,
officers, crew, and passengers on board the
American brig E. H. Fitler; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 284) author-
izing examinations of improvements in vessels,
and for other purposes, in aid of navigation,
&c., for the protection of life and property
at sea.
The bill (H. R. No. 878) to quiet title to
land in the town of Santa Clara, in the State
of California, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that that bill be laid
on the table for the present; a similar bill is
with the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
collection districts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 347) to
change certain collection districts in Maryland
and Virginia; which were in section three,
lines seven and eight, to strike out "Otford"
and insert " Oxford," after " Anamessit;" in
line twenty-four to insert'' and Deal's Island;''
and after "discontinued" in line twenty-five
to strike out the residue of the section.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
towing on the lakes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 605) to
amend the twenty-first section of an act enti-
tled '' An act furSher to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved July 18, -^66,
which was to add to the bill the following
proviso:
And provided, That any foreign railroad company
or corporation whose road enters the United States
by means of a ferry or tug-boat may own such boat,
and it shall be subj ect to no other or different restric-
tions or regulations in such employment than if
owned by a citizen of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OI NAME >
vessel.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 159) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to permit the owner of the yacht
Mayflower to change the name of the same to
that of Silvie. The amendments were to pre-
face the resolution with the followingpreamble:
Whereas the yacht Mayflower is a pleasure-boat
not engaged in the transportation of passengers or
freight of any kind, and whereas the steam-yacht
Glance of about thirteen tons burden being also a
pleasure-yacht not engaged in carrying passengers
or freight: Therefore.
And to add to it these words:
And to order a register of the steam-yacht Glaneo
to be granted to William Levering, jr., the owner
thereof, from the collection district of Buffalo, in the
State of New York.
And also to add to the title the words " and
to issue an American register to the steam-
yacht Glance."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the amend-
ments be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
the Maine Historical Society, praying that the
library and historical collection of Colonel
Peter Force may be purchased by the Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Lucretla B. Johnson, mother of Alfred Osgood
Johnson, late first lieutenant company G, forty-
second regiment Illinois infantry, who died of
a wound received in the battle of Missionary
Ridge, November 25,1863, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an appro-
priation for the construction of a harbor near
the mouth of Galion river, at New Buffalo,
Berrien county, in that State; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Lac La Belle to the cliff mine in Keweenaw
county, and thence along the mineral range to
some point on the Montreal river; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, expressing sympathy
for the Greeks in their struggle for freedom,
and in favor of a protest by our Government
against the barbarous and inhuman system
adopted toward them by the Turks; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Mil-
ton B. Duffield, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered and expenses incurred in the
discharge of his duties as United States mar-
shal in the Territory of Arizona; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Minnesota, opposing any further
reduction of the national currency ^ which
were referred to the Committee on I'inance,
and ordered to be printed. _ .
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a treaty with
the Sioux Indians which shall provide for the
right of way through th.6 Sioux country to tli©
Missouri river; which were referred to the
