128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
active rebellion against the United States, they
are nevertheless de jure States in the Union,
and on the rebellion being suppressed they re-
sume their former position, and are to be treated
by the Government as all the other States as
on proper and friendly relations with it.
This has been the policy of the judicial
department of the Government also. The i
judges of the Supreme Court proceeded, after i
the termination of the war, to apportion among I
themselves the circuits as organized by Con- j
gress, including those that hare rebeled; to
set down for trial both the old and new cases
from the States that bad been in revolt, and to
certify their judgments and orders to the infe-
rior courts in those States, to admit attorneys :
from them previously practicing at its bar with-
out requiring anew any oaths; to issue writs
of habeas corpus and orders upon them run- :
ning iuto those States ; and as to all matters,
making the same application of the laws and
the powers and functions of the court and
judges to the States and people that entered
into the rebellion, as to the other States and 1
their people.
Two of the judges of that court were citizens
of and commissioned from States that were
in the rebellion, and the circuit of one was i
wholly and of the other mostly within those
States. According to this new-fangled theory
of Congress, those two judges, on the secession
and rebellion of their States, became alien en-
emies to the United States. If so, they then
immediately ceased to be judges of the Su-
preme Court, and could not longer hold their
offices; and yet they met and sat and delib-
erated and pronounced judgments as members
of the court like the other judges, as they had,
done previously, without any question or doubt
ever being suggested.
Mr. President, in this whole affair there has
been no conqueror, no conquest, but a simple
suppression of unlawful force, a suppression
of an insurrection, a reduction of rebels arrayed
in armed resistance to the law to obey it by
force of arms. If there be a seeming conqueror
it is the President, not Congress.
Congress raises and supports armies, provides
and maintains a Navy, and provides for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws ofthe Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion. But
the President is a coordinate department of
the Government, and in the performance of j
his constitutional and legal duties is as inde-
pendent of Congress in the performance of its
auties as it is of him. The executive power
of the Government is vested in the President,
and Congress shares no part of it. He is sworn
to execute faithfully the office of President, and
to the best of his ability to preserve, protect,
and to defend the Constitution of the United
States, and shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. He is Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States and of the militia of the several States
when qalled into the service of the United
States; and he has the sole and exclusive j
power, so long as they exist, to direct all their j
operations according to his own will, in fur-
therance of the ends pointed out by the Con- i
stitution and the laws.
By the Constitution and the laws he is the
only authority to decide when and where the
execution of the laws are resisted, when a State !
or the United States are invaded, when and
where there ia an insurrection or rebellion, and
when there is such domestic violence in a State
,as to require the intervention of the military
force of the United States for its protection.
He is to judge according to his sole discretion
when and where all or any of these conditions
of things exist, *o move and direct the neces-
sary military fwoes to meet and correct them;
and it is the duty of Congress and the courts
and every officer of the Government to be in-
formed and to be governed by the official infor-
mation of the President upon these points.
Congress may make war, but cannot make
peace; may raise and disband armies, and may
provide for calling out the militia to enforce
the execution of the laws and suppress insur-
rection ; but the enforcement and the suppres-
sion is to be done by the President in virtue
of his obligation, power, and duty faithfully to
execute the office of President, to the best of
his ability to preserve and defend the Consti-
tution of the United States, to take care that
the laws be faithfully executed, and as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States and of the militia of the several
States when in their service.
All these points have been considered, ad-
judged, and sustained by the Supreme Court.
In the case of Martin vs. Mott, before referred
to, that court says, "if we look to the lan-
guage of the act of 1795, every conclusion
drawn from the nature of the power itself is
strongly fortified." The words are whenever
the United States shall be invaded, or in immi-
nent danger of invasion, it shall be lawful for
the President to call forth such number of the
militia as he may judge necessary to repel such
invasion, to suppress such insurrection, and
suppress such unlawful combinations to ob-
struct the execution of the laws, when too
powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings or the powers
vested in the marshals:
'■ The power'itself is confided to the Executive of
the Union, to him who is by the Constitution the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the militia when called into the
actual service of the United States, whose duty it is
to take care that the laws be faithfully executed; and
whose responsibility for an honest discharge of his
official obligations is secured by the highest sanc-
tion. He is necessarily constituted the judge of the
existence of the exigency in the first instance, and is
bound to act according to his belief of the facts. If
he does so act, and decides to call forth the militia,
his orders are in strict conformity with the provisions
of the law; and it would seem to follow, as a neces-
sary consequence, that every act done by a subordi-
nate officer, in obedience to such orders, is equally
justifiable. The law contemplates that, under sucn
circumstances, orders shall be given to carry the
power into effect, and it cannot, therefore, be a cor-
rect inference that any other person has a just right
to disobey them. The law does not provide for any
appeal from the judgment of the President, or for
any right in subordinate officers to review his de-
cision and in effect defeat it. Whenever a statute
gives a discretionary power to any person, to bo ex-
ercised by his own opinion of certain facts, it is a
sound rule of construction that the statute consti-
tutes him the sole and exclusive judge of the exist-
ence of thoso facts. And in the present case we are
all of opinion that such is the true construction of the
act of 1795. It is no answer that such a power may
be abused, for there is no power which is not suscep-
tible of abuse."
In the case of Luther vs. Borden, the court
sustained the principles stated in the preceding
extract; in reference to the act of 1795, it says:
" By this act the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interpose is given to
the President. He is to act upon the application of
the Legislature, or of the Executive."
This referred to an application by the Gov-
ernor of Rhode Island to the President to inter-
pose with military force to protect the State
against domestic violence. That opinion fur-
ther says:
"In the case of foreign nations the Government
acknowledged by the President is'always recognized
in the courts of justice. And this principle has been
applied by the act of Congress to thesov ereign States
ofthe Union."
And again:
" It is a sound rule of construction that the statute
constitutes him the sole and exclusive judge of those
facts, (whether there be an insurrection.) The facts
upon which he is to act by moving the armed forces
of the United States."
This portion of the act of Congress of 1795
was reenacted in 1861.
The principles sustained in these decisions
by the Supreme Court were recognized and
relied upon by that distinguished jurist and
statesman, the late Senator Collamer, in the
argument he made in the Senate in favor of the
admission of Senators Willey and Carlile from
the State of Virginia. He says:
For instanco, whether a foreign Government re-
cently commenced has become an independent
people, whether in court it is to be treated and con-
sidered as a nation, is not a point on which a court
can dccide. That is a political question, and if the
executive head of the Government has received min-
isters from that Power, reeognized it as a Power on
earth, the oourts cannot go into the question whether
he did it right or did it wrong."
"In analogy to that, in this judicial proceeding
must we be governed by the fact that the government
of Virginia that has executed these papers and sent
them to us is recognized by our Executive. They
have called on him for militia. He recognizes them
as the government of Virginia. It is a political
question; it is settled."
Every Republican Senator assented to this
proposition and sustained it by his vote.
Now, in the face, of the Constitution, the
laws of nations, of so many precedents made
j by Congress and both of its Houses, by Presi-
dents Lincoln and Johnson, and the decisions
of the Supreme Court, is it not passing strange
that at this late day, after the war is all over,
and the entire rebel host that was in arms has
made the most complete and bona fide sub-
mission which the world ever saw, that Con-
gress should set up the stupendously false and
absurd pretension of being the conqueror of
all the States and people that were engaged in
the revolt; and that their country, govern-
ments, laws, men, women.and children, liber-
ties and property all lie prostrate at the feet of
Congress; the conqueror. That as Cromwell
held his iron heel upon the necks of the Irish
when he decided by the councils of his own
will to transport the whole of its Catholic peo-
ple from the Green Isle, where they were born;
as the tyrant of Austria shivered both the iron
crown and the chartered liberties of the Hun-
garians ; as the frozen Czar of the north, by
his ponderous military power, crushed Poland
to the earth and applied the dreaded knout, or
banished so many of her heroic people to the
snowy wilds of Siberia, and his military satrap
proclaimed, " Order reignsin Warsawso the
conqueror, Congress, stands in terrible strength
and majesty over the conquered, prostrate, and
hapless States and people of the South. Was
there ever so unfounded, so baseless, and yet
so frightful a pretension? The people of the
United States and of the world might deride
and laugh to scorn this most extravagant, ridic-
ulous, and grotesque claim but for the fear-
ful energy with which it is sustained by those
who make it, and the large masses of factious,
debauched, and frenzied people who recklessly
support them.
The power claimed by Congress not only to
exclude ten States from representation in the
Senate and the House, but to obliterate these
States and their governments, to absorb them
wholly; is it anything short of madness to
claim such a power? The United States is an
association, a bundle of thirty-five States.
Twenty-five have assumed the power to blot
out ten, and if they can do that they may con-
tinue the work among themselves, and where
will it stop? The case most nearly parallel,
that I remember, is that of a man who had a
dozen ducks, one of which he cut up into
small pieces and fed to the others; the next
day he cut np another and fed it to the re-
mainder, and so be proceeded until he had
but one left, and that one in this mode had
eaten up all the others.
The Radicals of Congress claim to have had
thirty-five ducks. They have cut up and fed
to the others for a single meal not one, but ten.
Whether the process is to continue, or how, is
to depend upon the exigencies of the party.
One of the great purposes was to get a major-
ity of two thirds in both Houses to pass consti-
tutional amendments and bills over the veto
of the President. This operation was made to
subvert not only the executive department
but the Constitution as the interests and will
of the Radical leaders might require. Of one
thing I feel assured: that if tne sacrifice of
Kentucky had been needed to have given the
Radicals a majority of two thirds in both
Houses that State would ere this hare been
absorbed, eaten np; but I think the political
