1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Coirynittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Awatonna to Albert
Lea, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Pennsylvania Peace Society, in favor of the
establishment of an international tribunal, to be
composed of representatives from all nations,
to which may be referred all matters in dispute
between different nations; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Henry Finck, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and moved that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLE Y, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William Jones, praying compensation for the
capture and destruction of his vessel at Mobile
in March, 1861, reported adversely thereon;
and its further consideration was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bill and joint reso-
lution, reported them severally without amend-
ment:
A bill (H. R. No. 140) to restore Lieutenant
Joseph P. Fyffe to his grade in the active
service of the Navy; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S. L.
Breese, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred two petitions
of citizens of the District of Columbia, praying
an examination of the waters and harbor of
Washington, District of Columbia, with the
view of the location at that point of a naval
depot for iron-clad vessels of the Navy; and a
petition of William H. Maries, praying to be
assigned to duty in the Navy, asked to be dis-
charge^ from their further consideration";
which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
657) for the relief of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Eliza Wells, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. Gil) to
extend to and for the benefit of Eliza Wells
letters-patent heretofore issued to Henry A.
Wells, deceased. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of James Tetlow, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 012) for the
relief of James Tetlow. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mi-. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (II. R. No. 1170) for the relief
of Colonel L. C. Houck, of Tennessee, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
waf referred the petition of Dyor B. Pettijohn,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) for
the relief of'Dyor B. Pettijohn ; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 811) for
the relief of certain drafted men, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a petition of
the delegates of Utah and Arizona Territories,
praying for the establishment of assay offices
at Great Salt Lake, in Utah Territory, and at
Prescott, in the Territory of Arizona, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
DISBURSING OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) to facilitate
the settlement of accounts of disbursing officers,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment. It is a resolution containing but
a single section; it is recommended by the
Department, and I hope it will be put on its
passage.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolu-
tion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to repeal so much of an
act to provide for the more prompt settle-
ment of the accounts of disbursing officers,
approved July 17, 1862, as provides that such
accounts, with the vouchers necessary for their
prompt and correct settlement, shall be rend-
ered direct to the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, and to direct such accounts
and vouchers to be sent hereafter to the bureau
to which they pertain, and after examination
there to be passed to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury for settlement.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. 11. No. 170) relative to the post office
and sub-Treasury of the city of Boston ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 177) to provide for the pay-
ment of certain awards for losses sustained by
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
BIVElt AND HARBOR BILL.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mx-. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1154) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for other purposes. The bill
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
GENERAL HUMPHREY'S REPORTS.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, Thatfivethousand copies each be printed
for tho use of the Senate of the following documents,
to wit:
1. Report upon the physics and hydraulics of the
Mississippi river; upon the protection of the alluvial
rogion against overflow; and upon the deepening of
tho mouths, based upon surveys and investigations
made under the acts of Congress directing the topo-
graphical and liydrographical survey of the delta of
tho Mississippi river, &e„ submitted to the Bureau
of tho Topographical Engineers, "War Department,
under date of August 5,1861, as prepared by Captain
A. A. Humphrey and Lieutenant H. S. Abbott; and
2. The report of Brigadier General A. A. Hum-
phreys on the same subject, submitted to the Secre-
tary of War under date of May 31,1860.
APPEALS AND WRITS OE ERROR.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
576) relating to appeals and writs of error to
the Supreme Court.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know whether
that bill is to take time ? The reason I ask is
that there was a very distinct understanding,
when what is known as the military bill was
taken up, that the Senate should proceed at
once, without interposing any other business,
to the consideration of the measure known as
the Louisiana bill.
Mr. HARRIS. My impression is that the
bill will not take much longer than the Senator
has just occupied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I give notice that at
one o'clock I shall move to take up a couple
of appropriation bills, which I wish very much
to dispose of to-day. I desire to have them
out of my way, because I expect to be detained
in my committee-room the greater part of the
week. I think both of them will not take more
than an hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the metion of the Senator from New
York.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
Nd? 576) relating to appeals and writs of error
to the Supreme Court was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARRIS. It will only be necessary to
read the substitute reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom this bill was
referred, have reported an amendment striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting
a substitute. Only the words proposed to be
inserted will be read, unless some Senator calls
for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That where any appeal or writ of error has been
brought to the Supreme Court from any final judg-
ment or decree of an inferior court of the United
States for any judicial district in which subsequently
to the rendition of such judgment or decree the regu-
lar sessions of such court have been suspended or
interrupted by insurrection or rebellion, such appeal
or writ of error shall be valid and effectual, notwith-
standing the time limited by law for bringing tho
same may have previously expired; and in cases
where no appeal or writ of error has been brought
from any such judgment or decree, such appeal or
writ of error may be brought within one year from the
passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill comes from the
Committee on the Judiciary; but I had not
examined this proposed amendment, and the
bill did not strike me very favorably when it
was before the committee. If I understand
the first part of it, it is objectionable. It pro-
vides—
" That where any appeal or writ of error has boon
brought to the Supreme Court from any final judg-
ment or decree of an inferior court of the United
States for any judicial district in which subsequently
to the rendition of such judgment or decree the reg-
ular sessions of such court have been suspended or
interrupted by insurrection or rebellion, such appeal
or writ of error shall be valid and effectual, notwith-
standing the time limited by law for bringing tho
same may have previously expired."
Why so? If an appeal has already been
brought to the Supreme Court of the United
States, why should that appeal be now made
valid? If it was brought within the time
of course the appeal was good. What is the
object of the provision I do not see. In cases
where an appeal was brought to the Supreme
Court, if the appeal was brought within the
time allowed by law, it is good. If it was not
brought within the time, is it intended now to
make it good? If five years had transpired
before the rebellion broke out and an appeal
was not taken, is it now intended to make
valid an appeal taken afterward, subsequent
to the expiration of the five years? Where
parties had five years to take an appeal, is it
now intended to give them more time? The
provision is that where an appeal or writ of
error has been brought to the Supreme Court
"from any judicial district in which subse-
quently to the rendition of such judgment the
regular sessions of such court have been sus-
pended or interrupted." What has the inter-
ruption of the sessions of the district court in
Louisiana to do with an appeal that has already
been brought to the Supreme Court?
Ml HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me
to answer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. I am surprised that the Sen-
ator should have found this objection now after
the thing had been very fully discussed in com-
mittee and this question had been raised, and
I was authorized to draw this substitute and
present it by the Senator as well as others.
J3ut, sir, let me answer his difficulty. Sup-
pose a judgment rendered in the circuit court
