1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
whale would have taken a Jonah into its belly.
Such fantastic freaks of usurped power are
performed by a party that arrogates to itself
the name of the union party.
The bill under consideration, and the kindred
measures passed and pending, are charged
with the insolence, oppressions, cruelty, and
vengeful spirit of the fiercest conquerors, and
such is the only legitimate affinity between its
authors and conquest. To give over the consti-
tutional and legal rights and liberties of any
people into the protection of a standing army
is to give the lamb into the keeping of the
wolf. But this atrocious bill not only annihi-
lates their State constitutions and laws, but
also the Constitution and laws of the United
States in the ten southern States, and imports
a power in Congress to remodel their maps.
It makes the entire population prisoners of
war, and their country and everything in it
captured property, and to belong to Congress,
the conqueror. It sweeps away all law and
courts, establishes five military satraps and
satrapies, and makes their unwritten, unex-
pressed, unknown, and arbitrary will the sub-
stitute for all law, and these satraps to apply
that will to the property, liberty, and lives,
to the consciences and religion, of that whole
people, as lawgivers, judges, and executioners.
This diabolical bill disfranchises the white man
and enfranchises the negro, creates an absolute
and unmitigated military despotism, wholly in
the interests of the negro, to effectually de-
grade and enslave the white population ; and
to transfer the country, its government, and
political power over to the negro, under the
trusteeship of some white northern adventurers
and native white political vagabonds. The bar-
barism and cruelty of the whole scheme would
not be unsuited to an Attila or Ghengis Khan,
or a Timour Beg.
The honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] tell* us that the disease of the
country is aristocracy, engendered by slavery
in the South. There is a more general, viru-
lent, and fatal disease than that—faction, po-
litical debauchery. The demon of political
faction now rules the Government and the
country, and he ministers to and inflames every
bad passion—religious fanaticism and hypoc-
risy, sectional interest and hate, ambition and
love of place and power, vanity and false phi-
lanthropy, the lust of intermeddling with other
people's business, avarice, envy, and revenge,
a blind devotion to party, an utter abnegation
of all scrutiny of its measures, ends, and mor-
als, and of their consequences to the country,
a senseless exultation for all its triumphs, a
depraved sense of pleasure, a meretricious
Bentiment of personal glory in contemplating
its power and domination, the usurpation by
party of the place in mind and heart that ought
to be held by country: these are the passions
• that can be ministered to only by holding on
to power. They are the links that form the
chain which binds the lladical party together.
They are the combined forces that have so des-
perately hurled it against the Constitution and
the liberties of the people, and brought it to
the desperate purpose, "to rule or ruin." They
feel that the vote of the southern States in the
next presidential election might jeopardize
their hold, if not displace them from power.
The southern States can make no concessions,
can make no self-abasement, that will purchase
from the Radicals the exercise of their great
constitutional right to vote in the next presi-
dential election. The Radicals will hold them
in vassalage, and prevent them from voting and
as long afterward as they can.
Mr. President, I have acted an humble, but
I believe a consistent, political part. The plat-
form on which I have always stood was embod-
ied in words of that peerless patriot and states-
man, Mr. Clay: 1' The Union, the Constitution,
and the enforcement of the lawsand to that
I will adhere while I have life. Any party, any
leader that will strike, with a reasonable pros-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 9.
pect of success, fot the vindication of that wise
and patriotic aphorism, whether Whig, Demo-
crat, or Republican, I will become a follower,
and be a true onS
Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1867,
On the bill (n. R. No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in the zeal and
real or fancied strength of triumphant majori-
ties the arguments and appeals of minorities
against their measures are seldom heeded. In
the midst of the angry and bitter passions of
the present hour they are sometimes received
with derision. But, since the minority as well
as the majority are the chosen guardians of the
people's interests and liberties, their silence
when they should proclaim the people's danger
would make them parties to the crimes of the
majority.
It is not without a consciousness of a great
responsibility that I arise for the purpose of
uttering my solemn protest against the infa-
mous and irreparable crime which, without a due
realization of its enormity, this House threat-
ens to perpetrate against the liberties of the
Eeople of this country by the passage of this
ill. I will not attempt to show that the coun-
try will not survive the enactment of such a
law, because, thank Heaven, there are always
unseen, but potent, agencies at work to coun-
teract the effect of
"Man's inhumanity to man
to close up the gaping wounds of war; to heal
the ravages of disease ; to defeat the triumph
of the cunning, and repair the misfortunes of
the weak; to urge on wicked and selfish rulers
to their own undoing; and, indeed, to fill up
the breach of all catastrophes. For every
action there is concomitant reaction; and we
have only to wait and work long enough to see
every social or political injustice set right.
But the generations of mankind have each
but a few short years allotted to them, while
the operation of natural remedies frequently
extends over long periods of time. I shall
prove, and I believe beyond the power of refu-
tation, that if this bill becomes a law that link
will have been riveted which, for at least a
generation to come, will fetter the liberties,
commercial and personal, of this people be-
yond unfastening, and reduce the people, still
further than they are already reduced, from
the proud positions of free and prosperous men
to the abject one of cringing dependents, des-
tined to pace the weary round of life within
just such bounds as their masters may choose
to prescribe for them.
Republics are never overthrown by tyranny,
open and undisguised ; they only succumb to
fraud and cunning. In the scramble for indi-
vidual wealth and power, in all ages and coun-
tries, a small part of mankind, by a system of
delusion and ialse pretenses, have been trying
to persuade the balance that they could best
promote their own welfare by paying them
tribute in some form. They have insisted that
their cause, their interests, were in some mys-
terious way, more than other men's, identi-
fied with the interests and safety of the State.
They have claimed that patriotism, and even
religion, demanded that other people should
pay them twice as much for a given article as
the citizen of a neighboring nation would sell
it for. They have appealed to all kinds of
prejudices and national animosities in order to
enlist the sympathies and passions and obscure
the judgments of the people, the better to ena-
ble them to control their actions in their own
interests. They have applied, and not in vain,
to Government to compel the people to trade
with them, and to pay them twice or thrice as
much for their merchandise as it was intrinsic-
ally worth. The system which has developed
so much delusion and fraud is fasely called the
" tariff for protection." It is the offspring of
selfishness and sectionalism. It is the most
insidious and dangerous form ever assumed by
cupidity and capital in their struggle against
the people.
The real object of any tariff is to make the
people who use the article upon which the duty
is imposed pay more for it in the country than
it can be purchased for out of the country ; to
make them pay more for it than it is really
worth; and all that they pay for it over its
cost without the duty is so much paid as a
bounty or gratuity for the temporary advan-
tage of the home producer or manufacturer
of such articles. The tariff does not merely
compel the people to pay the additional price
for the imported article, for if that were the
case the home manufacturer, the home monop-
olist would suddenly become the enemy of all
tariffs ; but the very purpose of the tariff is to
raise the price of the article produced at home
just as much as the duty raises the price of the
imported article. If a coat manufactured in
Canada costs there ten dollars, and its manu-
facturer is compelled to pay a duty of ten dol-
lars on it before he is allowed to bring it over
the line and sell it in the United States, then
he will charge twenty dollars for the coat when
sold in this country, and immediately the
people in this country engaged in manufac-
turing the same kind of coats will discover that
they cannot afford to sell them for less than
the Canadian does, and they will demand the
same price. So that while the wearers of
coats made in Canada are paying a tax of ten
dollars on each one to the Federal Govern-
ment, the wearers of coats made in this coun-
try are paying a tax of ten dollars on each
coat to the manufacturer instead of the Gov-
vernment. So that the people, the consumers,
pay millions of dollars more to the monop-
olists than the Government collects on the
imported goods as duties. The first effect of
such a tariff is to impose an unjust and onerous
tax npon the whole people for the benefit of
the few, and for a time to stimulate excessively
the production of the taxed articles in the
country, and make the profits of their manu-
facturers enormous, and build up great monop-
olies to control the legislation of the country.
But the manfacturers of "protected" mer-
chandise cannot perpetuate the enormous
profits which they enjoy at first under any
given tariff. It is a law of trade, of prices, of
commerce, as it is of liquids, to seek a common
level. The high prices created by the tariff
soon attract capital and industry ard competi-
tion to the production of the favored articles.
The supply from abroad, which is excluded by
the tariff, is at length in whole or in part made
up by a premature and unnatural stimulant
and effort at home. But if you increase in any
way the cost of coals, flour, salt, or other neces-
saries of life, you increase in a greater propor-
tion the cost of living. The increased cost of
living compels the great mass of mankind who
eat their bread in the sweat of their brows to
increase also the price of labor or starve.
Thus the benefit of a tariff, imposed at first in
the interest of a few establishments or monop-
olists, are soon dissipated and turned into
curses upon a whole people. Honest and
needed pursuits and industries are discour-
aged, and feverish speculation and gambling
are encouraged. Unjust and dishonest profits
are realized for awhile; high prices and infla-
tion follow, and the cost of production is so
much increased that the profits fail. Then the
favored manufacturers and monopolists cry
aloud for higher duties, and protest that if they
are not soon granted they will be ruined. And
it is often true, and always the result of their
own folly <w dishonest cupidity. They crewd
