736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
advocacy, in its protective features, was this:
that the volume of our currency is so great that
labor is high, and that everything which goes
to decide the cost of labor is so high that we
cannot compete with the labor of other coun-
tries; and he took the position, as I under-
stood, that labor was higher than gold in com-
parison with former times. Then, sir, if that
posftion be true, ought not the laborer in the
mines to be protected from it? If that be true
ought not the interests that are invested in coal
to be protected upon that proposition, the prop-
osition upon which this whole bill stands as a
protective bill ?
Another thing: is it right for the manufac-
turing localities to ask a high tax upon all they
produce and then to refuse a similar protection
to the laborers in the coal mines'? By this bill
you add a per cent, to the clothing that the
miner purchases from New England. That
goes into the cost of labor in the mines. Is it
not fair, then, as you talk in this bill so much
about compensations, that you shall protect
the miner in his labor? You make him pay
something more for every article of clothing
that he buys, that , that protection may go to
the benefit of the manufacturer. Is it fair,
then, to say that the manufacturer shall have
a benefit in this legislation of cheap coal com-
ing in competition with the laborer in our own
mines? I do not think it is right; and al-
though I generally vote for the lowest rate of
duty that is reasonable and right, I shall vote
for a liberal protection to coal in this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word. The Sena-
tor has said nothing new, nothing which has
not been said half a dozen times before here
almost in this very debate, particularly by the
Senator from Maryland. The answer I make
is simply this: I agree to the idea of protec-
tion upon whatever needs it. My idea was
founded on the argument that no protection in
this case is necessary in point of fact-
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays on'the amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler. Con-
ness, Cowan, Cragin, Croswell, Davis, Doolittle,
Iowler, lYeliiu.'huyfcefi, Grimes, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Norton,
Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Willey—26.
NAYS—Messrs. An thony.Cattell, Dixon, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson,
Sprague. Sumner, Vv'i]!iam--. :ind Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Guthrie, Harris, Howard. Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross,
Stewart, Trumbull, and Yates—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out the
words "ooe dollar and fifty cents" in line
two hundred and sixty-five of section seven on
page 36, and inserting "two dollars;" so as to
make the section read:
On planter's hoes, or other hoes, wholly or in part
of steel or iron, two dollars per dozen.
In the first place, I wish to say that a duty
of $1,50 per dozen to the manufacturer is, as
I believe, and as I think I can show, little if at
all better with the other provisions of this bill
than honest free trade would be ; no better than
if he made his hoes without any protection and
without paying any duties whatever. I wish
also to disabuse the minds of Senators, if they
have the impression that this is simply a Con-
necticut interest and that I am desirous of
benefiting a mere home interest. It is true
some of my constituents are interested in the
manufacture of these hoes, but so are other
sections. There are manufactories of these
hoes in the State of Massachusetts, in the State
of New York, in the State of Pennsylvania,
and in the State of Ohio ; so that I trust I am
not advocating a merely sectional interest.
Further, I am asking simply that the amount
of duty fixed by the bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives ob these articles should be the law.
The amendment I propose will only make this
bill conform to the House bill on this point.
I said I did not think a duty of $1 50 was
any if at all better than real free trade, and I
think I can show it. I have taken some pains
to inform myself on the subject, and if Sen-
ators will attend to me I think I can convince
them that this $1 50 duty is really no-protec-
tion at all.
I differ entirely from the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who said the
other day that at the present time it seemed
impossible to make up a tariff bill that would
not be protective. It seems to me not only
possible, but that it has been actually worked
out; that while we get a tariff bill which j
admit imposes very nigh duties, yet they are
laid in such a manner, one so countervailing
the other, that many interests which seem to
have ample protection really have no protec-
tion whatever; and worse than that, the pro-
posed legislation in some eases discriminates
against home labor and in favor of foreign
labor, the duty, nominally, being very high.
The clause as it stands in the bill proposes a
duty of $1 50 per dozen on'these hoes. They
are- manufactured of Swedes' iron; and to
make a dozen of the average size of these
planter's hoes it takes twenty-eight pounds of
iron. These twenty-eight pounds of iron, un-
der the present bill, pay a duty of thirty-five
cents. It takes, in addition, four pounds of
cast-steel, which is imported, and the duty on
which is sixteen cents. It takes half a pound
of borax, the duty on which is five cents. It
takes a pound of emery, the duty on which is
two cents. Then there is the wear of the grind-
stones. Of course you cannot reduce that to
an exact figure for a dozen of hoes, as is the
case with the other articles I have given; but
by an estimate which I believe is accurate five
cents is given as the proper proportion of the
duty on the grindstones used, those being all
imported. Summing up these' items we have
sixty-three cents as the sum-total of those sev-
eral duties on the articles which go into the
manufacture of a dozen of these hoes.
Then the internal revenue tax on this dozen
of hoes, which sell on the average for eight dol-
lars, is forty cents. The sixty-three cents of
duties subtracted from the $1 50 protection
leaves eighty-seven cents. From that, the
internal revenue tax of five per cent, on eight
dollars, forty cents, should be deducted, leav-
ing forty-seven cents, and that is the whole
protection upon a dozen of hoes, if we stop
here. This is not all.
The coal which is consumed in this manu-
facture it is not possible of course to deter-
mine exactly, but we can come pretty nearly
to it. An establishment that manufactures
fifty dozen of hoes per day, which is a good
sized establishment, requires to run its engines
three tons of coal, and two tons more for the
other necessary uses of the establishment,
heating the hoes, &c., making five tons. Five
tons per day in an establishment manufactur-
ing fifty dozen of hoes per day would be one
ton to ton dozen of hoes, or two hundred and
twenty:four pounds per dozen. Then it takes
two hundred and twenty-four pounds of coal
to make a dozen hoes. Now the cost of two
hundred and twenty-four pounds of coal at tide-
water, say at New York, is sixty cents, at the
rate of six dollars per ton. At Birmingham,
in England, the cost of a ton of coal is one
third of that, two dollars, and the'COst of two
hundred and twenty-four pounds necessary for,
this purpose, twenty cents, making a differ-
ence to the American manufacturer on his coal
which goes to manufacture a dozen of hoes
forty cents. That is the amount paid by the
American manufacturer for his coal over and
above what is paid by the English manufac-
turer. We had forty-seven cents left as the
protection when this item of coal was taken
up, and taking out the forty cents which the
American manufacturer pays over the English
there is left seven cents, and that is the whole
amount of protection given to the American
manufacturer on a dozen of hoes that nomi-
nally aro protected by a duty of $1 50.
This article requires a great amount of labor,
and skilled labor, to manufacture. The cost
of the labor on the dozen of hoes whieh sell
for eight dollars is between two and three dol-
lars. The cost of manufacturing a dozen hoes
is nearly three dollars for the labor alone.
Now, a duty of $1 50 on a dozen of planters'
hoes, which cost eight dollars per dozen in this
country, I admit seems quite a large duty ; but
when we go into the elements which enter into
the cost we find that is not a protection of
over seven cents a dozen, instead of $1 50.
Five sixths of these planters' hoes are now im-
ported. The other description of hoes are of
no consequence to this argument, for they are
not imported. I speak of planters' hoes; they
are a very different thing from the Ordinary hoe
used in the northern States.
Under these circumstances I submit that the
rate fixed by the House bill—two dollars per
dozen—is not too high ; on the contrary, it is
a bare living protection. The present bill is
protective in name, and is intended to be pro-
tective in reality; but in consequence of the
very high duties on all the materials which go
into the production of these hoes the duty
amounts to little or no protection at all.
I trust that I shall have "the aid of my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Chaxdler] on this sub-1
ject, for he, as I understand him, is decidedly
and strongly in favor of protecting American
industry. If I was asking one hundred and
sixty per cent. I should of course want a little
of his strength of assurance in order that I
might ask it gravely from the Senate. I am
asking for no such protection. I endeavored,
it is true, to keep an article which had one
hundred and sixty per cent, protection where
it was, without having it raised ; but against
the power and influence of the Senator from
Michigan my effort was unavailing, and instead
of one hundred and sixty per cent, the duty was
advanced to something over two hundred per
cent. Of course I do not, complain of that
at this time; but I trust the Senate will see
that what appears to be protection is made
some real protection, and that we shall not be
cheated by a name when in reality the legisla-
tion discriminates against us instead of for us.
I hope there will be no serious objeetion_to the
amendment I propose.
Mr. CH AND LER. The Senator from Con-
necticut will certainly have my support for this
amendment, and I beg to inform him that in
Michigan we are more interested in this man-
ufacture than perhaps the State of Connec-
ticut.
Mr. FOSTER. Then you will not think I
am sectional.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. I shall with
great pleasure support the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
clause as it. will stand if the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut be
adopted.
The Secretary. If amended as proposed,
the clause will read;
On planters' or other hoes, wholly or ilf part of steel
or iron, two dollars per dozen.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Connec-
ticut gave us a very thorough analysis of the
cost of planters' hoes, but he failed to give us
any information of the cost of the other kind
of hoes, such as are used in the section of the
country in which I happen to live.
Mr. FOSTER. I am perfectly willing that
my amendment shall apply to planters' hoes
only. The other hoes are not imported now,
and $1 50 a dozen is unquestionably adequate
protection to them; at all events I do not wish
to disturb it. It is in regard to planters' hoes,
which are really the only ones in question,
that my amendment applies.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether they
are imported or not: but I am very well aware
that if the bill be passed with that amendment,
it will be made the excuse for putting an addi-
tional price upon hoes furnished to the farmers
of the country. I trust, therefore, that the
