1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
by Congress, at least be in accordance with the
sentiments of the majority. Both the gentle-
men are perfectly competent to perform the
duties of the office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator who has charge of this bill
if he is entirely clear that there are no consti-
tutional objections to its passage. The Con-
stitution provides that the President shall, by
and with thfe advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint all officers of the United States except
those whose appointment the law may vest
with the heads of Departments, or with the
President alone, or with the courts of law.
Now, I should like to hear from the honor-
able Senator whether he regards this Public
Printer, or this Government Printer, or what-
ever he may be called, as an officer of the
United States; and whether this attempt to
provide for his election by the Senate is not an
evasion of that provision of the Constitution.
I have not particularly examined the question;
but the Public Printer manifestly; performs du-
ties besides those imposed upon him by the Sen-
ate of the United States. He performs duties
that are imposed upon him by both branches
of Congress, and he superintends the printing
for the other departments of Government, and
has heretofore been regarded as an officer of
the United States. It may be that there is no
difficulty of that kind in the way; but it occurred
to me that possibly there might bo.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not suppose my
opinion on a matter of constitutional law would
be of much value by the side of that of my
honorable friend from Oregon. I suppose that
it would not bo competent for the_ Senate to
elect a Superintendent of Public Printing; but
I suppose it is competent for the Senate to
elect a Congressional Printer, who shall be
deemed an officer of the Senate. It is so stated
in the bill. Then, I suppose it is competent by
law to devolve on that officer of the Senate any
duties that we sec fit. I suppose a law might
be passed devolving on the Secretary of the
Senate duties which are not strictly in the line
of the services which would be required ordi-
narily from a Secretary of the Senate. But I
will leavc-the lawyers of the Senate to settle
the constitutional point; it has not distressed
me any.
Mr. LANE. I think the Senate has a per-
fect right to elect this officer by virtue of
express power granted by the Constitution. By
the Constitution of the United States each
House is permitted to elect its own officers. By
the Constitulion of the United States each
House is required to keep a Journal of its pro-
ceedings. These duties, surely, may be legiti-
mately devolved upon an officer elected by the
Senate. After the Senate has elected a Public
Printer, an act of Congress may transfer into
his hands all the duties which arc now by law
devolved upon the Superintendent of Public
Printing. I think these two express grants of
powerinthc Constitutioncoverthe wholecase—
the right of each House to elect its own officers,
and the constitutional obligation to keep and
publish a Journal of its own proceedings. These
provisions seem to make a Public Printer for
each House necessary, and after having elected
one under these provisions of the Constitution,
we may by law devolve upon him the charge
of all the public printing if we choose. I dis-
like to go over the morning hour, and will,
therefore, take up no more of the time of the
Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
eurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the passage of the
bill I should like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the yeas and nays
are to be called, I desire to state that I was
inclined to question the propriety of this bill;
but the present Superintendent of Printing said
it was all right, and desired me to go for it,
The aspirant for the office also seems to be very
desirous that it shall pass; and if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate to pass it, it is satisfactory
to me. I merely say that as a matter of expla-
nation ; and I shall interpose no hostility to
the measure except by casting my single vote
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Creswell. Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Grimes Harris,
Henderson, Howe, bane, Morgan, Morrill, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
y
NAYS—Messrs. Buclcalew, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tlc, Fessenden, Hendricks, Nesinith, and Patter-
S°ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Ed-
munds, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Howard, Johnson,
K-irkwood, McDougall, Norton, Nye, Poland, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wade—17.
So the bill was passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the support of the West
Point Academy. I will say to Senators that
it will take but a very short time and I shall
soon be out of their way. I move to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another bill which
is at this moment much more important than
that. I am in favor, substantially, of the bill
moved by the Senator from Maine. I take it
nearly all of us are in favor of it ; but it is a
bill that will surely pass, and when it passes,
there can be no question with regard to its
approval in another quarter. That bill will
take care of itself. But, sir, there is another
bill which has already passed the House of
Representatives which is of immense import-
ance. If the two measures are to be con-
sidered in that connection, there can be no
question that we ought to proceed with that
other bill; and there was, unless I am very
much mistaken—Senators about me can correct
me if I am mistaken—a distinct understanding
when the Louisiana bill was displaced to pro-
ceed with the consideration of what is called
the military bill, the Louisiana bill should be
proceeded with at once after the disposition
of the military bill. 1 think I am not mis-
taken when I say that was the understanding,
certainly among Senators about me.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say thatso far as I
am concerned I had no understanding of that
kind. I only signify this without meaning to
interpose in this contest.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not mean to attribute
to Senators anything that they did not under-
stand. I had supposed from the statement
made by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who moved the Louisiana bill, that there was
between him and other Senators with whom
he had conferred, and who were particularly
interested in the military bill, such an under-
standing.
Mr. WADE. I can state substantially what
took place before the Senate when those two
bills were taken up. They were not antagon-
ized really, but I moved to take up the Louis-
iana bill and proceed with it before the other
bill was called up, so that the Louisiana bill
was a little ahead in that way. The^ question,
however, arose which of those two bills should
be proceeded with first, and I did suppose at
that time there was no antagonism between
them, one being a local measure applying to a
single State and the other to all the seceded
States. For that reason, as I said at the time,
I cared not very particularly which was taken
up first; but I certainly did suppose when we
took up the bill which we first considered that
we would immediately on disposing of it pro-
ceed with this bill. I did not then, however,
anticipate that that bill would be so amended
as to have some mode of reconstruction at-
tached to it. The two bills as they came here
certainly were not antagonistic, but both of
them might well stand without interfering with
' other. After tl",v became in Bomemeas-
ure consolidated, I had my doubts whether the
one was not incompatible with the other. I
certainly like the Louisiana bill and shall vote
for it if it comes up ; but I do not know but
that the other bill as we amended it is some-
what inconsistent with it. However, sir, I have
stated all the understanding there vras, and the
Senate will decide what shall be done.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President, the
Louisiana bill is'on your table; it seems to me
that it ought not to be neglected ; it should be
proceeded with ; we should come to some con-
clusion about it. If the Senate are not disposed
to adopt it let us reach that conclusion ; but do
not let us pass it by.
The Senator from Ohio suggests that since
the adoption of the military bill by the Senate
with an amendment on Sunday morning, the
occasion for the Louisiana bill may be less. I
do not agree with my excellent friend on that
point. I think the occasion is more ; I think
the occasion, if anything, has increased. The
bill adopted on Sunday morning distinctly de-
clares the illegality of the existing governments
in the rebel States. I take it that declaration
has never before been made by Congress, or at
any rate so distinctly. There it is. What is
the consequence of that declaration ? All that
people are, then, at this moment without any-
legal government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a fact.
Mr. SUMNER. It has never been so declared
by Congress before. Many Senators have so
regarded it. For one I have always regarded
it so, and I did not hesitatemany years ago to
declare these governments illegal and without
anyfoundation, perfectly void; butl wasnotsus-
tained by others here. The Senator from Wis-
consin near me [Mr. Howe] long ago, I know,
occupied that same ground. But you cannot
place yourself on that ground without accepting
the consequences. You must then go forward
and provide a substitute for these illegal govern-
ments : otherwise you have the unhappy people
there without government. It may be said that
they among themselves may get up a govern-
ment, that they may construct a government.
How? You give them no means, you give
them no rule, you do not initiate proceedings.
All that is needful. _ Therefore I say out of the
very declaration which you place in the fore-
front of your military bill is derived the duty of
proceeding now to some just measure of recon-
struction by which you shall provide govern-
ments for these States. The duty is urgent;
it ought not to be postponed. There can be
no other bill before Congress during this session
of such urgent necessity.
I do not wish now to go farther into the
question, merely on this preliminary motion.
I merely present as briefly as possible the
reason why we should not postpone the Louisi-
ana bill. I hope therefore that the appropria-
tion bill will not be taken up, but that the
Senate will procccd with the consideration of
the Louisiana bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The West _ Point bill
would probably have been passed in the time
the Senator has been talking. It and the other
appropriation bill which is to follow will not
take much time, but it is absolutely necessary
that I should have them out of the way, for I
expect bills from the House of Representatives
which will keep me in the committee-room,
and I hope the Senate will dispose of them to-
day. I am obliged to devote so much of my
time to the committee-room, especially at this
period of the session, that I cannot have these
things in my way. The Senator will have the
field clear in an hour.
Mr. SUMNER. "In an hour!" That is^a
hard thing to say to a people suffering at this
moment through want of government. The
first duty, I say, at this moment is to proceed
with all possible dispatch to establish a govern-
ernment for people who have no government,
and not wait an hour. There is no business
thatcan be before Congress equal in importance
to that.
Mr. CONNESS. If the language of the
honorable Sejrator from Maine is to be taken
