1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as an agreement or mortgage on the time of
the Senate, that this other bill can be proceeded
with in an hour, I shall object to the arrange-
ment. I do not think we can with propriety
consider the Louisiana bill at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not make any
agreement. I only say that in an hour I think
I shall be out of the way; and then it will be
for the Senate to say what shall be taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 912) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill by striking out lines forty-one
to fifty-three of section one, in these words:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall be expended in
violation of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2,1862: And provided further,
JChat no part of the moneys appropriated by this or
any other act shall be applied to the pay or subsist-
ence of any cadet from any State declared to be in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, appointed after the 1st day of January, 1866,
until such State shall have been returned to its ori-
ginal relations to the Union under and by virtue of
an aet or joint resolution of Congress for that caso
made and provided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the amendment
strike out both provisos?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the objection
to the first proviso, that no money shall be
expended in violation of the law named?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection is simply
that they come under that law now, and is
entirely unnecessary. The same thing was in
thebill as it came to us last year, and we struck
it out, and the House agreed to our action.
The general law applies to it just as well
without the proviso as with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is merely reiterating
what is the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all. I sup-
pose it was copied in by the Clerk from the
bill of last year as passed by the House, with-
out thinking about it. The Committee on
Finance deemed the provision entirely unne-
cessary.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Maine how cadets are selected from
these States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not selected
at all, and cannot be selected till they have
representatives in Congress. That is the rea-
son why the committee struck that out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have the vacancies from
the southern States never been filled?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were filled at one
time; but a new regulation was made to stop
it, and there is now no authority to appoint
from those States, except that the President
in the ten selected by him at large is not re-
stricted. The same provision was in the House
bill last year, and we struck it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman of the
Military Committee has called my attention to
an error in lines sixty and sixty-one of section
one, on page 3. That clause reads, "for ice-
house and additional stove in servants' room,
$7,500." In the estimate the item is, "ice-
house, store, and servants' room." I move
that the correction be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section:
Andbe it further enacted, That the chaplain at West
Point Military Academy shall hereafter be relieved
from academic duties, in order that he may devote
himself exclusively to the moral and religious train-
ing of the cadets. He shall be required to hold daily
in the chapel morning prayers, and to form a class
in Biblical instruction on the Sabbath day, and all
parades and other military duties at the Academy
shall be dispensed with on that day so far as is con-
sistent with proper military discipline.
I will simply say that this amendment is in
accordance with a recommendation of the
Board of Visitors last year. Every provision
contained in the amendment is recommended
very strongly by the board as neeessary to be
adopted in the institution. I do not think
there can be any opposition to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time and
passed ; and its title was amended by adding
the words "and for other purposes."
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 266) granting certain
public property to the State of Ohio, was
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2) to amend the act de-
claring the officer who shall act as President
of the United States in case of vacancies in
the office of both President and Yice Presi-
dent, approved March 1, 1792;
A bill (H. R. No. 607) to amend an act
granting the right of way over the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan;
A bill (II. R. No. 10G2) relative to the port
of Camden, New Jersey ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1167) to authorize entry
and clearance of vessels at the ports of Booth-
bay and St. George, Maine.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to take
up the diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 904) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1868,
and for other purposes, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert "Portugal," in line
eleven, among the list of missions appropri-
ated for.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think that
amendment ought not to be adopted. It will
be remembered that during the last sesssion
Congress iu its appropriation bill provided that
nothing should be paid to the minister at that
time in Portugal, under any appropriation bill
or out of any fund whatever. That was a prop-
osition which came from the other House. I
certainly had nothing to do with originating it;
and I voted for it finally because it was on the
bill, and the circumstances were such that this
proposition was bound up in many ways with the
passage of other propositions that were recom-
mended by the conference committee. How-
ever, it became a law, and when it became a
law it seems to me that it was practically a
notice to the minister of the United States at
Portugal that Congress dispensed with his ser-
vices. Now, the question may arise whether
Congress in taking that step went beyond the
line of its constitutional duty. I take it nobody
will suggest that it did. I believe one of the
best principles—I might almost say one of the
golden principles—of constitutional law is that
the parliamentary power, having control of the
purse, may in that way influence public policy
in the appointment of officers. If the occa-
sions for the exercise of this power have been
rare it is because a difference between Con-
gress and the Executive has been rare: but
this difficulty has now occurred ; and Congress
in the exercise of its constitutional function
has undertaken to give notice that the services
of a certain minister abroad were not agree-
able. It seems to_ me that after that notice he.
ought himself to have come home, or the State
Department ought to have recalled him. He
hag not come home, and the State Department
has not recalled him. He continues there.
The question, therefore, is how shall Congress
maintain its proper function in the Govern-
ment of the country. I do not regard the form
adopted by the other House as perhaps the
best. They strike out all provision for Portu-
gal. That they can do; but I say I do not
think it the best mode, because on its face it
seems in some way like a neglect or a dispar-
agement of a friendly Power; but then the act
of the House must, I take it, be interpreted
with reference to well-known facts. This trans-
action has a history which must be as well
known in Portugal as in our own country, and
therefore I believe it cannot be regarded there
as a neglect or a disparagement. If Congress
had not at the last session taken the step which
it did, I should not be ready to make any
motion on the subject now. I would not inter-
fere against any foreign minister in this pecu-
liar, but strictly constitutional, way; but it
seems to me; after what Congress has already
done, there is but one course open before us,
which is to persevere.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to offer a new-
section to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore." It is not
now in order.
Mr. WILSON. Then I give notice that at
the proper time, in order to settle this matter,
I shall offer a new section in this shape:
That the envoy extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary of the United States to Spain shall be ac-
credited as such to the Government of Portugal, and
it shall be the duty of the said envoy to divide his
time between the capitals of Spain and Portugal as
the interests of the United States shall require; and
for the additional duties and expenses imposed by
this aet said envoy shall receive an annual compen-
sation of S2.000 in addition to his present salary.
And the salary of the secretary of legation to Spain
shall, from and after the passage of this act, be $8,000
per annum, and that of the secretary of legation to
Portugal shall be $2,500, and no additional compen-
sation shall be allowed to either of said secretaries
for acting as charge d'affaires. And the office of min-
ister resident to Portugal be, and the same is hereby,
abolished.
I think the adoption of an amendment of
this kind, when it shall be in order, will settle
this whole difficulty. In six hours our minis-
ter can go from the capital of Spain to the
capital of Portugal by railway communication,
and such a provision will save us a great deal
of money. I think we have now eight or nine
unnecessary ministers in Europe, which I would
dispense with by concentrating our missions in
this way. Then there are some of the South
American missions which I would treat in the
same manner. The truth is that a large num-
ber of these places are places to reward worn-
out politicians. We may just as well save
money in this case and settle the matter by
handing the care of the Portugal mission to
our minister in Spain.
Mr. GRIMES. I think if the records of the
State Department could be examined it might
possibly be found that, notwithstanding the
failure to appropriate any money last year to
pay a salary to the minister at Portugal, he
has received his full compensation.
Mr. SUMNER. How can that be?
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain. This bill, I
perceive, contains an appropriation of $65,000
"for contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course." Up to the commencement of the
war, as the Senate will find by referring to the
appropriation bills for diplomatic and consular
expenses, the whole amount ever appropriated
for any such purpose in one year was $20,000.
I have before me the act of 1860 appropriating
that amount. We increased it to $80,000
during the war. Last year it was cut down to
$65,000, and that appropriation in iMt year's
bill has been copied into this bill. There is
not t.o-day a single reason why we should
appropriate more money for this item now
than we did six years ago. This money is all
paid in gold, and the same amount will go
just as far to-day toward paying our expenses
abroad as at that time. The Secretary of State
