1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. op Reps.
lion people (including the late slaves) who,
according to the census of 1860, formed the
working portion of the entire thirty-one mil-
lions of population, and subtracting from it
their necessary consumption. The same result
might be shown from the statistics of the in-
come tax, and it could be shown from the rate
at which the entire capital wealth of the people
increased from each decade to another.
Thus our entire capital wealth—
In 1850, omitting tho valuation of the slaves, was
about  $6,000,000,000
In I860, omitting the slaves, it was
about  16.000,000,000
Annual rate of increase  10.3 per cent.
Of this there was brought hither by im-
migrants and otherwise from other
countries per annum, about  5.3 per cent.
Leaving the natural rate of increase of
capital wealth about  5 percent.
To the truth of this theory I might further
quote the express indorsement of it by such
political economists as Mill, Faucetf, Tooke,
McCollough, and others; but I will not con-
sume time to do so now.
Taking all things into consideration, this
annual amount of surplus earnings has not been
greater than it was in 18G0; and the sum then
annually saved, therefore, substantially repre-
sents the sum now annually saved. Reduced to
currency at the prevailing rate, say 140, this sum
would amount to $1,1211,000,000 in currency.
Our increased individual capacity for produc-
tion since 1800, has been fully counterbal-
anced, if not more than counterbalanced, by
our diminished collective capacity. A man can
produce more surplus from a day's work now
than in 18G0, by reason of the many mechan-
ical improvements which have been adopted
since that time; but many thousands, perhaps
millions of persons, are now merely consumers
who were then producers as well. Southern
industry is almost annihilated, and northern
industry is demoralized by speculation and
gambling.
Assuming, therefore, that $1,120,000,000
currency represents the entire surplus product
of American industry for the past year, and
I think the substantial truth of this position
cannot be gainsaid, let us see what becomes
of this colossal sum. Six hundred and thirty-
one millions of it last year found its way into
the Government coffers in the shape of taxes,
excise, and customs.
Statement of the revenue of the United\ States for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1866.
Customs, $179,046,651, gold, reduced to currency nt 141,
the average rate for tho fiscal year $252,515,777
Direct tax  1,974,754
Internal revenue  309,226,813
Miscellaneous sources  67,119,369
Total $630,830,713
More than half of the entire earnings of a
population of over thirty million people are
thus seen to have been paid for the support of
Government in one year. Were this sum en-
tirely consumed for the purposes of Govern-
ment I do not hesitate to say that the Govern-
ment could not exist one year. The people
would rise as with a single, resistless impulse,
and by one convulsive wave of popular indig-
nation destroy the whole fabric. What alone
saves it from this fate is the fact that the most
of this tribute is directly paid out again, not
for full value received, for this would be con-
suming it for the purposes of Government, but
it is paid out for debts owing, debts, for in-
stance, to shoddy contractors, Government
loan agents, and others, for which no adequate
value was received by the people. A good deal
of it also was paid out for interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for current supplies and services at
at enormous rates. So that what the Govern-
ment really consumes in value for its support
is but a part of what it collects in the form of
taxes, and pays out again in the form of expend-
itures, most of which are conducted without
the slightest regard to economy. If all that was
overpaid for supplies and services to the Gov-
ernment found its way back to the same people
who contributed it no loss would accrue. The
greater part of the $631,000,000 contributed
would be reimbursed to the original contribu-
tors, and only the actual cost of the Govern-
ment would be missed, which would not exceed
one-half of the whole revenue. This the peo-
ple might afford to pay for the luxury of being
governed too much and yet prosper.
But this unhappily is not the case. And that
it is not, but on the contrary, that through the
agency of this accursed system of "protec-
tion" several hundred millions should be an-
nually squeezed out of the earnings of the eight
million working-men of this country, not in
proportion as they are well to do and able to
pay, but rather in proportion as they are poor
and helpless, furnishes the ground of my hatred
to the pernicious system in the interest of which
this wholesale tariff robbery is being perpe-
trated. For while tariffs do not diminish the
taxes paid by the people to support the Gov-
ernment by one dollar, they do take from the
people's pockets tenfold more millions than
the Government exacts, to support the special
interests of the "protected" classes and build
up monopolies, and make the rich richer and
the poor poorer. This question is not so much
one of sectional rivalry as it has been hereto-
fore, but it is one of solemn import to the whole
people, for upon it hangs, not the subordinate
question of individual wealth or poverty, but
the momentous one of the people's liberties,
liberties which wealth, if forced into the hands
of the few can buy, and which poverty, if forced
upon the many, must surrender without com-
plaint, or appeal to God and their strong right
arms to maintain.
The following table shows the amount per
capita of taxation and public debt respectively
in various countries as furnished in Commis-
sioner Wells's report, page 27 :
Debt Taxation
per capita. per capita.
Gold. Gold.
United Stiites $74 28 $1146
Great Britain 125 00 10 92
France  53 00 7 97
Belgium    26 00 5 59
Prussia  12 00 5 43
Austria  45 00 5 27
Holland 121 00 67
So that with a debt only about three fifths as
much as that of Oreat Britain we are paying
more taxes per head. Bad as this is, ruinous
as it must prove to all permanent interests,
were it not for protection we could stand it.
But protection cramps and restrains or misdi-
rects and demoralizes the energies of the peo-
ple, and a day must come when, rendered des-
perate by oppression, they will rise up and put
an end to it forever. I said that were it not
for protection we could stand, perhaps with
ease, even the inordinate taxes that oppress us.
It is said that "for all social afflictions there
are always restorative tendencies at work."
Protection represses these tendencies as a dam
keeps back the waters which otherwise would
find their level, not effectually it is true, for it
has not even that virtue, but until the rising
mass attains such an artificial and unnatural
level that it overleaps the highest barriers man
can build, and then sweeps onward and destroys
everything in its way.
Let it be remembered, also, that this mighty
burden annually contributed out of the hard
earnings of the people to support the General
Government does not include the other vast
amounts which are annually exacted by the
States and l<Jfcal governments from their own
people to support them. These exactions have
been estimated at $200,000,000 more. These
immense burdens are in great measure pecu-
liar to our own country, because no other
nation in the world possesses such an expen-
sive system of local governments as our system
of States, counties, and cities. In other coun-
tries the central power absorbs nearly all the
functions of government and leaves very little
to be done by the local communities. I assert,
therefore, that the aggregate burdens of the
people, the labor, the industry of this country,
have no parallel among the nations of the
earth. How long can it be endured without
a reaction that shall overthrow our institu-
tions? Economy and republican government
should go hand in hand; in principle and prac-
tice they should be inseparable; because the
slavery which results from oppressive taxes
and burdens upon the industry of the people is
the forerunner of despotism in laws and insti-
| tutions. The latter result we arc rapidly ap-
proaching.
If the people of our country were to-day free
to trade with other countries, restrained only
by a wisely-adjusted tariff for revenue, with
incidental protection, the taxes imposed upon
them, no matter what its amount may be,
would bo shared by the whole commercial
world instead of by merely the eight million
productive population residing in this country.
This is the sound and rational policy which
the narrow spirit of protection is either igno-
rant of or hypocritically and selfishly hides
from public view. As it is, we are annually
paying millions of tribute to other nations by
reason of our restrictive apd prohibitory pol-
icy, for which we receive no reciprocal return
from them.
It is evident to whatever extent we trade
with foreign nations that the products they
buy of us carry with them the taxes they bear;
therefore the more of our products we sell
abroad the larger the number of persons to
share our burden of taxation; and of course
the freer our trade the more we sell, because
the more we buy. And as we augment the
volume of our trade and commerce whether
domestic or foreign, the more desires we grat-
"ify and the more profits we make; because
trade and commerce, either at home or abroad,
being always controlled by the law of intelli-
gent self-interest, will inevitably cease the mo-
ment they cease to yield the desired results.
If the Emperor of China should double his
demands for taxes from his subjects the tea
grown in that country would bear a higher
price than now, and we, and all the people on
earth who drink tea, would to a certain ex-
tent, as wo do now to a lesser extent, have
to pay the tax. In this way our productions,
which, with free trade only limited as I have
stated, would bo exported abroad in fourfold
quantities, would bear with them, to distribute
it upon the shoulders of all the world, that
burden which, confined as it is now to our own
backs, bears us down toward beggary and sub-
serviency.
The beneficent results of the policy for
which I plead are most favorably illustrated
by the history of the Zollverein or customs-
ieague between the different States of Ger-
many. Previous to the establishment of this
great free-trade policy, the various German
States had independent protective systems,
and, as a consequence, a multiplicity of eus-
tom-houses, customs officers, and very limited
trade and production. But after its adoption
all interior custom-houses and barriers were
swept away within the territory embraced in
the Zollverein, and a series of duties, not to
exceed in any case ten per cent, ad valorem,
were laid on foreign manufactures, but nothing
was prohibited. The rate of import on foreign
goods was often greatly below, but never
above ten per cent, ad oafor*n . L nder these
very inconsiderable restrictions, which, as com-
pared with oui enormous and prohibitory
duties, might justly be called absolute free
trade, over thirty-four million people were
allowed to trade with absolute freedom among
