1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
assumes to himself, as I understand, the right
to dispose of this money, this $65,000 for con-
tingent expenses, in such way as he chooses ;
and I am informed by gentlemen in whom I
have confidence, that to one of our ministers
he pays as traveling expenses $3,000 a year,
while from another minister, who is not sup-
posed to be in as thorough sympathy with him
as perhaps some others, he withholds any such
compensation. In that-way the $65,000 is
expended.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend alio w me to
remind him of the text of the statute adopted
by Congress at the last session, which was that
the actual minister of the United States at
Portugal should not receive any salary under
any appropriation bill or out of any fund
whatever ? The very object of the language
was to exclude the possibility of any such pay-
ment as the Senator from Iowa now imagines.
If there has been any such payment as that it
has been an absolute, barefaced violation of
the act of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not state that I have
been infoi-med that the minister at Portugal
has been paid this salary, although I have not
any doubt that in some indirect way compen-
sation has been paid to him out of the contin-
gent fund of the State Department. I state
as to other, ministers that I am informed by
gentlemen recently returned from Europe, in
whom 1 have confidence, that such is the fact,
that sums of money are paid to them for the
ostensible purpose of defraying their traveling
expenses. If we want to reach this case it
seems to mo wo ought to cut down the fund
for contingent expenses to what it was before
the war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance have no sort of feeling about this
matter one way or the other, and not much of
an opinion in regard to it. They thought they
would propose to put in the word "Portugal,"
in order to bring the old ease of last year to
the attention of the Senate ; and they will be
perfectly satisfied, so far as they are con-
cerned, with any decision the Senate may
come to on the subject.
On the one side is the consideration that if
"Portugal" is left out of this clause, we, on
the lace of things, decline to have any further
diplomatic connection with Portugal, and that
does not look well. On the other side, if we
put in that word, we must consider what the
result will be. We last year decided that our
present minister to Portugal should not be
paid anything as long as he was kept there.
It was so decided by Congress, lie lias been
kept there. He has been discharging his
duties ostensibly as minister at that Court
from that lime to this. If now Congress
should appropriate for a minister at Portugal
it would look as if they had changed their
opinion, and were willing that Mr. Harvey
should remain there and be paid. It is for
the Senate to decide whether they will omit
to appropriate for the mission to Portugal so
long as Mr. Iiarvey stays there as minister, or
whether they will insert "Portugal" among
the missions provided for, and let the Admin-
istration do as it pleases in reference to retain-
ing that gentleman. How ho could stay there
for a year without receiving any pay is a mys-
tery to me. He is not a man of fortune ; but
perhaps he may have enough of his own to
support himself there, and he may have trusted
that the matter would be set right by Congress.
I cannot take it for granted, I cannot suppose
that he has been paid anything by the Gov-
ernment, because if the Executive has paid
him in any way, it is in plain and palpable vio-
lation of a law of Congress upon that subject,
directing that he should not be paid. I take
it for granted, therefore, that he has not been
paid.
I understand that the way in which that busi-
ness is done with regard to our foreign minis-
ters is this: we keep a fund for the payment
of these expenses in London with our agents
there, the Barings. When a man is appointed
to a particular mission, his name is sent to our
financial agents there with a statement of the
amount which he is entitled to draw quarterly,
and that remains so till contrary information is
given—information that he has ceased to be a
minister. Hence, unless the State Department
chose to inform the Barings that nothing fur-
ther was to be paid to Mr. Harvey, I suppose
they would go on paying him under the original
instructions which they received. Whether
that has been done I do not know. I take it
for granted that it has not been done; because
it would be clearly the duty of the Secretary of
State to inform our financial agents there that
no further payments were to be made to Mr.
Harvey after settling up his accounts to the
day fixed. But what has been done in relation
to it I do not know.
It is a matter of entire indifference to me
whether this amendment be adopted or not.
If the Senate think it inconsistent with pro-
priety that Mr. Harvey has been suffered to
remain there after this pointed rebuke and refu-
sal to appropriate anything, and that we should
not withdraw from the position we assumed on
that subject, it will be proper enough to concur
with the House of Representatives in leaving
out Portugal. If, on the contrary, the Senate
think a mission to a foreign Power of that im-
portance, with which we have had and now
have diplomatic relations should be provided
for, they will insert it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have before me now the
statute of last year, which I had not when I
spoke before. I observe that in this; statute
Portugal is omitted from the list of places pro-
vided for in the way of salaries. Then in
another part of the statute we have this pro-
vision; "And no money shall be paid to the
present minister-resident at Portugal out of
any fund whatever on acecount of further ser-
vices in his office." No language could be
stronger or more positive. If the minister-
resident in Portugal has been paid in any way,
directly or indirectly, it is in violation of this
act. I cannot believe that ho has been paid.
I shall assume that he lias not been paid; but
in order to remove all doubt, I propose in a
moment to introduce a call upon the Depart-
ment of State to ascertain the facts with re-
gard to it; but it seems to me, whether he has
been paid or not, we cannot now change the
position with regard to him that was taken at
the last session, especially when we find that
the other House has already adhered to that
position. We gave notice to him to quit. He
ought to have quit and come home; or if he
had not delicacy enough to do that the Depart-
ment of State ought to have given him notice
to quit and come home. It should have told
him that whatever might be the personal senti-
ments of the head of the Department toward
him he had ceased to have the confidence of
the Congress of the United States. He ought
not to continue there abroad in these responsi-
ble functions: that should have been told him.
It was not. It seems that he has continued
there. He has continued there in open defi-
ance of an act of Congress ; therefore I think
I may say in open defiance of the will of the
people of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill is for the next
fiscal year, and the amendment merely inserts
a provision for the mission to Portugal for the
next year. The provision referred to in the
act of last year is a standing law ; so long as
the Government keep him there they cannot
pay him anything, no matter what we appro-
priate. This amendment goes upon the sup-
position that it may be necessary to have dip-
lomatic intercourse with Portugal; but it does
not authorize the payment of any money to the
present minister nor affect the provision made
last year, which is general and applicable as
long as the present minister remains there.
Then why not restore our diplomatic relations
with Portugal and let the present law stand?
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Sen-
ator is very good. I believe that the provision
is applicable to the future, and that until it is
repealed the present minister-resident at Por-
tugal cannot get any compensation for ser-
vices in that office; and yet the last appropri-
ation bill, which contains that very provision,
did eliminate the word "Portugal;" and my
impression is, from my recollection of what
passed in the committee and afterward in the
Senate, that it was with a view to remove all
possible doubt on the question, so that there
might be no fund out of which, directly or
indirectly, this incumbent could receive com-
pensation; and as we adopted that rule last
year I see no occasion to depart from it. If
it was of value then, it must be of value now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it was
necessary then.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that it was
necessary. However, it was the rule that was
adopted; and I am inclined to think that if we
should depart from it now it might seem to
afford some opening which would be taken
advantage of by the present incumbent or by
the Department of State. I am unwilling to
supply that.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I take it that
Mr. Harvey is to-day minister-resident at Por-
tugal. Nobody denies that the office exists and
that the officer exists. He has a right to hold
the office. The Senate has no right to remove
him. Congress has no right to remove him.
If Congress had the power, I think there is no
doubt what would be done in regard to it; but
if I understand the law and the Constitution,
Congress is as powerless to remove him as is
the common council of the city of Washington.
He was appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, in accord-
ance with existing laws. He holds the office ;
he has a right to it; he has as good a right to
it as the Senator from Maine has to the office
which he holds, and Congress has no more right
to remove him than it has to remove the Senator
from Maine from his office.
Now, in regard to the question of his pay-
ment, I do not know that he has been paid. I
have never heard a word on that subject; but
Senators have intimated that because Congress
has seen fit to omit an appropriation for his
payment lie was therefore bound to resign, and
it is a case of contumacy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a positive
provision that he should not be paid.
Mr. DIXON. I am stating what I under-
stand to be the position of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Let us look at that for a mo-
ment. There have been periods when the
Senator from Massachusetts has been in a
minority. There have been periods when it
was the opinion of Congress that his services
were useless in this body—a mistaken opinion,
I agree. Suppose Congress at such a time had
enacted by law that he never should be paid a
dollar for his services ; suppose in a bill appro-
priating for the payment of members of Con-
gress it had been provided that the Senator
from Massachusetts should not be paid out of
any fund whatever. Sir, it was precisely as
much within the power of Congress to do that
as it was to do what they have done in regard
to the minister at Portugal. I do not say it
would be right, but I desire to know what
would be the duty of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts under those circumstances ? What
would be my duty if Congress should provide
that I should not receive the compensation
given me by law ? Would it be my duty to
resign? Then, sir, suppose the question were
asked how I managed to stay in Washington,
as the inquiry is made with regard to the
minister at Portugal? He remains there; his
bounden duty is to remain there; it would be
base and cowardly for him to retire because
Congress sees fit to withhold his pay. I do
not know what his means of living there
are; but I know that if I were in his place, if
I were utterly destitute of means I would stay
there so long as I could keep soul and body
together under such circumstances. I would
never consent that by unconstitutional means
my office should be taken from me.
I think nobody can deny that Mr. Harvey
has a right to his position, that the office be-
longs to him, and that Congress has no power
