1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
to remove him. I will not say that it is the
duty of Congress to make an appropriation for
his payment, though I have my views with re-
gard to that; but whatever I may think on that
subject probably would have no weight with
this body. I am not dealing with that ques-
tion now; but I am speaking of the question
whether he is now acting with contumacy as
regards the Congress of the United States, as
has been alleged here.
Well, sir, what has Mr. Harvey done? Let
us look at that for a moment. Holding the
office of minister at Portugal, he saw fit to
write a private letter to the Secretary of State,
and that letter, without any act of his, without
his consent, express or implied, found its way
into the newspapers. I have seen it; I have
read it; and I must say that I can see in it
n othing improper. According to my recollection
there was no attack upon Congress in it. That
statement was made, feut I believe it was not
true. The letter is not very fresh in my recol-
lection ; but I understand that it contained no
attack upon Congress. There was an expression
of his opinions, his views. In my judgment
the views were correct. Whether it would
have been proper for him to have published
such a letter himself is a question; but that he
had a right as a citizen of the United States
to express his opinion, I think nobody can
deny. What have other ministers done with
approbation? They have given their opinions,
differing, it is true, from those of Mr. Harvey;
but if those opinions have been found to accord
with the sentiments of Congress, nobody doubts
that a minister may with propriety express
them; but if they differ from those of Con-
gress it seems he must not.
Now, sir, in point of fact this is an attempt
on the part of Congress—and so it must be seen
by everybody—to in some way limit the right
of an office-holder under the General Govern-
ment to express his sentiments; and if they hap-
pen to differ with those of the majority his pay
is to be stopped. If that is the proper way of
reaching an office-holder, of course the action
in regard to it is correct. I am not now upon
that point. I am not here to contend that Con-
gress has done wrong; I suppose what Con-
gress has done must be presumed to be right;
but when Mr. Harvey is censured for not retir-
ing from his position, for having the audacity
to remain there and pay his own expenses, it
seems to me a word may be said in his favor.
I do not know that the Senator from Maine
would retire from the office if his compensa-
tion were withheld. I doubt whether he would
think it his duty to resign for that reason. I
do not understand that Mr. Harvey has done
anything more than barely perform the duties
of the office. Was it for him to presume that
he would never be paid? If so, he would have
presumed a fact that did not exist. I tell the
Senate the day will come when he will be paid.
How early that may be, I do not know; but
justice some day or other will be done him.
He has a right to remain there; the office is
his, and until he is removed he is entitled to it;
and I have no doubt some day justice will be
done him and he will receive his salary.
Mr. FOGG. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the points which the Senator
from Connecticut has just raised. I do not
know what the offense of Mr. Harvey was ; I
have never read the letter which induced the
action of Congress at the last session; but it is
to be presumed, certainly in this body, that the
action of Congress was just, that it was founded
upon adequate reasons. It seems from the law
read by the Senator from Massachusetts that
Congress passed a law which absolutely forbade
that the minister-resident of the United States
at Lisbon should be paid out of any fund what-
ever, and they also dropped the Portugal mis-
sion from the list of missions to be supported
by the Government. Now, it may be true that
Mr. Harvey by remaining there has not com-
mitted any offense. It may be true that he was
not bound to d'sregard the wishes of the State
Department and retire without their consent,
but I beg to suggest to the honorable Senator
that it was the bounden duty of the State
Department to have recognized and respected
the action of Congress, and to have notified
Mr. Harvey that his presence as minister-res-
ident at Portugal was no longer required by
this Government; and if Mr. Harvey has not
been guilty of contumacy, of want of respect
to Congress and to the nation whose represent-
ative Congress is, the State Department has
been guilty of contumacy ; the State Depart-
ment have defied Congress, and in defying
Congress have defied the voice of the nation.
No matter whether Mr. Harvey has received
his pay or not, no matter whether Mr. Harvey
shall hereafter receive his pay or not, it was
the bounden duty of all Departments of this
Government to respect the voice of Congress
as the voice of the nation; and if the Secretary
of State has treated Mr. Harvey as the minis-
ter-resident he has done it knowingly, he has
done it knowing that he was defying the voice
of Congress and the voice of the nation.
I certainly think it improper for Congress
now to insert the word "Portugal" in this
clause or do anything inconsistent with the
action taken at the last session. If Congress
is now satisfied that it did wrong then, it ought
not merely to agree to this amendment, but it
ought to make an apology to Mr. Harvey, and
it ought to make an apology to the State De-
partment and to thank the State Department
for having disregarded its wishes, disregarded
a solemn law of the land, and defied the will
of the nation. I am certainly opposed to any
such course.
As I said, I do not know whether Mr. Har-
vey was guilty of an offense which should have
induced the action taken last year. I pre-
sume that he was. I have never read his
letter. I know him personally, and I do not
think him the least worthy of all the men we
have got abroad ; I do not think him the least
worthy of all the men the State Department
keep abroad. The Senator from Connecticut
says we have no power to remove or recall
them. I presume we have not; but I say we
ought to have that power. I say we have the
power to abolish a mission; and I say that
any indication or intimation from Congress
that a particular minister abroad does not
represent the nation or is unworthy to repre-
sent the nation, ought to be respected by the
State Department and ought to be a law to
that Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I am altogether indifferent
what course the Senate may take with relation
to the matter now under consideration. I
knew Mr. Harvey in former years, and I frankly
admit that he is not and never was a man much
to my tastfe. But I will make a remark or two on
the precedent which Congress set at the last
session in withholding the salary from this
officer, and which is now proposed to be re-
peated. I admit the great principle that
Congress may upon extraordinary occasions
withhold supplies. That is a principle of
English liberty, and it belongs to the privileges
of Parliament to withhold supplies upon ade-
quate occasions. I am for retaining that prin-
ciple in the legislation of Congress and for
making application of it on all proper occa-
sions. The Senator from Massachusetts may
think that this is an occasion ^worthy of the
application of that great principle of liberty.
The necessity for it now may satisfy his great
intellect and his great soul tiiat it ought to be
applied to this minister to the Court of Portu-
gal. What was his offense? He was guilty
of forming an opinion as to the disputes that
subsist between Congress and the President,
and he committed the offense of giving his
judgment to the position and course of the
President and condemning that of Congress.
He did not express this judgment of his in
condemnation of Congress to the foreign Gov-
ernment to -which he had been accredited, nor
to any agents or officers of that Government,
nor, so far as we know, to any of the subjects
of the king of Portugal; but his opinion and
his judgment in favor of the President and
against Congress he wrote in a letter to the
Secretary of State, expressing himself at some
length. I did not approve ot that conduct on
the part of this minister, but I think it a very
small and insignificant g-ffair; and I thought
that Congress put much too large an attention
to the subject by the course which it took at
the last session, and I am still of that opinion.
But, Mr. President, we have had another
minister abroad who held the place of a full
minister and was accredited to one of the prin-
cipal Courts and countries of Europe, who not
only has been guilty of the same offense, if
offense it be, committed by the minister-resi-
dent to Portugal, but a much higher offense.
When the Senator from Massachusetts called
up, and persisted so pertinaciously in calling
up before the Senate a resolution asking for
the correspondence between Mr. Motley and
the Department of State, and when 1 made a
remark upon that subject to the Senate, I had
not carefully read the letter of Mr. Motley. I
have since read it, and its admissions, its dis-
closures of improper conduct by that minister
by his own confession, are to my mind palpa-
ble and censurable. What does he concede
that he did and was in the habit of doing?
We have an affair in our country that concerns
only our people and our Government, it being
a difference of policy between the President
and Congress. Foreign Governments have
nothing to do with such matters. It is of no
interest to them ; it is none of their business ;
and when the Government sends abroad for-
eign representatives, it is no part of the busi-
ness or duty of those ministers to introduce the
subject of these differences between conflicting
departments of our Government, and for such
ministers to express their approval of the one
departmentandtheircondemnation of the other.
A minister who is guilty of that line of conduct,
of that gossipping, of that revelation of a state
of things in our Government, that, I admit, is to
be deprecated; and who makes it the subject
of conversation and of animadversion and con-
demnation on his part to the officials of the
Government to which he has been accredited,
commits a gross and a flagrant impropriety,
for which he ought to be removed. If the min-
ister to Portugal had committed ail offense as
grave and improper as the envoy to Vienna
confesses himself to have committed, and arti-
cles of impeachment had been filed by the
House of Repiesentatives against the minister
at Portugal, and he had been convicted upon
due inquiry and proof of the offenses which
Mr. Minister Motley confesses to have com-
mitted, I believe the Senate would have acted
properly in removing him by judgment of im-
peachment from his position.
Then why is the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations so eager in
pressing the insignificant charge or minister-
resident to one of the most unimportant Powers
of Europe, when ho leaves unattended, unad-
verted upon, without any censure or notice, the
much more culpable action of Minister Motley,
the envoy to the Court of Austria. That min-
ister occupied an inverse position to the one
at Portugal. Instead of taking sides with the
President and condemning Congress, he took
part with Congress and condemned the Presi-
dent. He did not use the opprobious language
imputed to him, he says, in a letter which had
been sent to the Secretary of State, disclosing
what he had been at, and I presume that he
did not; but he confesses to this: that in a
foreign country, in the capital of the empire
of Austria, in the presence of officials of that
Power, he distinctly and repeatedly animad-
verted upon the state of relations subsisting
between the President and the Congress of the
United States, and without reserve condemned
and reprobated the President and approved
and supported the position and the course of
Congress,
Suppose the course of Mr. Harvey had been
precisely the same as that of Minister Motley
and he had written a letter, as Mr. Motley did, .
confessing to the opinions and conversations
which Mr. Motley confessed to in approving
the policy and course of Congress and eon-
