1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not aware that there is any complaint that it
has been suffering in any degree under that
tariff; but now that we propose additional duty
on iron and steel, anybody that manufactures
anything from iron or steel comes forward
and claims, not a corresponding rate of duty,
but an enormous rate of duty, without reference
to the amount that it takes from the consumers
and the amount of the additional duty which
the article itself pays in consequence of the
increase on iron and steel, which is the smallest
amount possible in the very kind of work that
we are speaking of.
The committee were of opinion that as the
business itself did not suffer, as there was no
pretense that it had suffered, but as it appeared
to be doing well enough we would impose an
additional duty of five per cent, which is ample
to cover the increase on the articles out of
which a knife is manufactured. Now, to put
fifty cents a dozen or seventy-five cents a dozen
on these knives, according to their value, is not
a large increase of duty upon the higher-priced
ones. As you go up in price the duty becomes
proportionately smaller, whereas as you go up
in price the ad valorem, duty is larger and
larger. Under the ad valorem, duty as pro-
posed by the committee the best kind is the
most protected, as perhaps it should be, and by
the increase of five per cent, which we have
given throughout we supposed we accomplished
the purpose. It is, however, for the Senate to
judge.
The amendment to .the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in line thirty-two of section twelve,
on pagfe 85, "fifty cents" and inserting "five
dollars; " and I desire to attract the attention
of the Senate to a paper which has been laid
on the desk of every Senator, I believe, this
morning, containing a fair statement of the
facts upon which I predicate this motion.
According to the tariff of 1862-63, the duty
upon chap-a-po-te, asphaltum, and albertite
was three cents per pound, or $67 20 per ton.
Under the existing tariff law the duty is twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem. Why it is now pro-
posed to be reduced to fifty cents a ton I am
not able to understand. If Senators will turn
to this paper they will see that—
"Chap-a-po-to and Albertite are both a species of
asphaltum. Chap-a-po-te is brought from Cuba.
Extensive arrangements are now being made by
companies recently formed in Cuba for the express
purpose of shipping large quantities of the mineral
to the United States, to be converted into oil. The
expense of conversion is about six dollars per ton,
and the yield of oil per ton is about one hundred
and twenty gallons."
There is also Albertite in Nova Scotia. I
understand that a company, consisting chiefly
of foreigners, is organized there, who own the
mine and are making arrangements to trans-
port the material when mined from Nova Sco-
tia to within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and erect their retorts here for manu-
facturing oil. The product of oil from one
ton of Albertite amounts to seventy dollars,
less waste and the cost of refining. This min-
eral is mined where labor is one dollar a day
in gold, and it can be brought to Portland for
$2 50 a ton. It is to this statement in the
paper on Senators' desks that I especially
invite attention:
"One special advantage which the manufacturers
of oil from Albertite and other imported asphaltums
have in the market arises from the fact that the
internal revenue law, with the view to protect the
manufacturers of oil retorted from coal and other
bituminous substances, (mostly yielding only twenty
to forty gallons per ton,) discriminates in favor of
oil so manufactured by imposing a tax upon it when
refined of only fifteen cents per gallon, while petro-
leum oil refined is subjected to a tax of twenty cents
per gallon. Albertite and other asphaltum oils be-
ing made from bituminous substances, when refined,
come in under the minimum rate of fifteen cents per
gallon; that is to say, one hundred gallons of oil
made from Albertite asphaltum (being the product
of ono ton of the mineral) pays an internal revenue
tax, when refined, of fifteen dollars, while one hun-
dred gallons of petroleum refined pays a tax of t\vcnty
dollars. Crude petroleum at the wells is only worth
at this time about eight cents per gallon, thus the
discrimination made by the internal revenue tax in
favor of the Albertite and against petroleum of five
cents per gallon is equal to seventy-five poacent. on
the value of tho petroleum at the wolls.
739
Now, sir, it is perhaps not. known that we
have asphaltum within the United States. One
deposit is in West Virginia: it is the most re-
markable deposit, perhaps, in the world: it is
vertical. As I said a while ago it has been
explored from the face of the hill, where it
makes its appearance, to its summit; it has
been explored^ two hundred feet in depth; it
is five feet in width. It is almost equal to resin
in the production of oil. If Senators have any
curiosity I have some small specimens of it
here, so that they will see that it is almost like
resin, it is so rich in the production of oil. I
^Iso have specimens of the article from Nova
Scotia which Senators will see are identical in
appearance, and Iunderstand identical in qual-
ity, the same thing precisely.
What the extent of this extraordinary de-
posit in West Virginia may be laterally we do
not know. Already the cities of the Union in
various quarters are interested in the develop-
ment of this extraordinary deposit. A small
per cent, of it added to ordinary gas-coal
brings it up to a very good standard ; and there
is a desire in various cities- and various parts
of the Union that this extraordinary mine may
be developed for the single purpose, if for no
other, ofgettingapercent. of it to mix with their
ordinary coal for the purpose of manufacturing
gas. It has attracted the attention of capital-
ists; it is now owned by men in New York
largely, by men also in Baltimore and from
various sections of the country, who are at this
moment constructing fourteen miles of railroad
from the northwestern branch of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad to this deposit. They are
investing a large amount of capital in it.
It runs out also into the region of our cannel
coal. It is approaching in direction also the
oil wells in our State; and other companies
and other capitalists are already projecting im-
provements to connect with these, so that if
there be any encouragement by protection of
the development of this article in West Vir-
ginia it will bring into requisition a vast amount
of most valuable minerals in which the country
at large is greatly interested. Unless there be
some protection to these men who have invested
their capital, as I have stated, this development
cannot take place. They are placed at a dis-
advantage growing out of the distinction be-
tween the duty imposed upon refined petroleum
oil and oil expressed out of this stone, so that
they may transport it across the narrow chan-
nel, and thus avoid the duty. We get the
advantage of this discrimination in the duty.
Now, sir, the cannel coal interests in our
section of the country are largely interested in
protection. Since we are disposed to protect
our domestic industry, disposed to protect our
domestic manufactures, and thus adopt a policy
which would lead to' the development of the
countrj', and ultimately, as in the instance men-
tioned by the Senator from Connecticut just
now, result in reducing the price of this article,
which must necessarily enter very largely into
the consumption of the country in gas and
otherwise, I should be sorry to see protection
refused in this direction in favor of the foreign
manufacturer.
We have the article within our own limits ;
and certainly if in 1802-63 Congress thought it
was proper to extend such extraordinary pro-
tection as sixty-seven dollars a ton to this arti-
cle, the prayer of those whom I represent here
in asking for a moderate protection of five
dollars per ton now ought not to be deemed
extravagant. I trust the Senate and especially
do I trust that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance will receive this proposition favor-
ably. I think there is merit in it; our own
domestic industries, our own capitalists here
at home, and our own minerals should have
the benefit of this protection against the foreign
manufacturers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this is literally
running the doctrine of protecting American
labor into the ground and running it very deep
into the ground, now into a mountain in West
Virginia, that somebody has bought there with
a view to a large speculation, but which is
hardly begun to be developed, as yet. What
does the Senator from West Virginia ask?
Because this mountain is in his State and may
in process of time be developed, and because
a company of gentlemen of New York-, specu-
lators, very excellent gentlemen I have no
doubt, have invested money there and mean
to build a railroad in time, we should at once
tax everybody that uses a pound of cement,
everybody who uses anything of this quality
for his roofing throughout the country; and,
moreover, shut up all the factories in New
England where oil is manufactured out of this
coal. Why, sir, one factory in my own town
pays to the Government every year I think
something like fifty or sixty thousand dollars
of internal revenue. The Senator would shut
up all these factories and impose a very heavy
duty upon the coal and everything they use
because this undeveloped region exists in
West Virginia, which with a proper attention
to the American system may in time be deve-
loped. I think it is unreasonable, and the
mere statement of the case as the Senator has
presented it shows the great impropriety of
attempting to do any such thing. 1 despair
of stopping any movement that shall be made
if this be successful. The same thing came
before the committee and we did not regard it.
Mr. WILLEY. I have no desire to wholly
exclude this competition. All I desire is that
the same principle shall be applied to this coal
that we applied to merely bituminous coal
awhile ago, and that we are applying to every
other article of American industry and devel-
opment. Allthat I ask is that industry and
capital in this direction shall have the same
protection that capital and industry in other
directions have; that in developing our coal
which we happen to have in West Virginia we
shall have the same protection that manufac-
turers have in other sections of the Union;
that is to say, that our-capital and industry shall
be brought into a fair competition with foreign
industry; and if we are to have protection
given to any one thing it seems to me we might
as well have the same protection in this direc-
tion. I am asking for no exclusion; I am only
asking for a reasonable protection, that kind
of protection which has been extended all
through this bill to every other article in it,
that and no more. If the amount I ask is
extravagant. let the Senate reduce it to what
would be right. But if it was right in 1862 and
1863 to have a duty of sixty-seven dollars a
ton on this article, are we extravagant when
we only ask five dollars a ton now ? The exist-
ing tariff is twenty-five per cent, ad valorem,
and if you look to the value of the article .you
will find that that amounts to five dollars a ton
or about that. I only want this bill to stand
upon the principles of fair play, that we shall
have the same protection in this as in other
directions. I do not want to ask anything of
the Senator from Maine or of any other Sen-
ator that is unreasonable or unfair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe that this as-
phaltum deposit in West Virginia is a very
rich one. I am informed that it yields a hun-
dred and twenty gallons of oil to the ton. It
is nearly as pure as resin. The Senate has
this morning deliberately placed a duty of
$1 50 a ton upon coal. The purest of coal
yields from twenty to forty gallons of oil to
the ton. This yields one hundred and twenty
gallons. I do not think the Senator from
West Virginia asks an unreasonable protection
when he asks five dollars upon this pure sub-
stance that is found in such vast quantities in
his own State. I believe the mine in West
Virginia is the only one to be found in the
United States; I have heard of no other hav-
ing yet been discovered. Thej' are now build-
ing a railroad to that mine. I was informed
by a gentleman the other day that they were
investing several hundred thousand dollars, and
in a very short time the oil would be produced
in unlimited quantities. I really think the Sen-
ator from West Virginia makes but a fair de-
mand when he asks for the small dnty of fivo
dollars a ton on this rich deposit.
