THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
January 25,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that deposit is so
rfch as it is said-to be, what prevents these
gentlemen from setting up their factories close
along aide of' it and working it? Nothing can
come in competition with it, surely. If it is
so rich, richer than anything on the face of
the earth, why do they not set up their facto-
ries and begin to ifiak6 it? - Instead of that,
before they; have done a thing they ask the
country to impose a dijty upon every pound
of cement that is used, everything that is used
for roofing purposes, and everything that is
made into oil, and to shut up the factories for
the benefit of some unknown future. Now,
let the "Senator's friends who have investments
in West' Virginia undertake to do their work
In the first place and show what* can he done
before they ask us to lay this enormous tax on
"the country.
I stated in the beginning that I do not hold
to the doctrine of protection so far as this, that
on a mere experiment we are to begin by lay-
ing heavy duties which tax the consumer very
.much until the'production had become an ob-
'ject of interest and advanced so far that we
can see what its benefit is. If we do that we
shall not only get no revenue from customs,
but we shall stop our internal revenue by put-
ting an end to the factories now existing.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are agreat many
interests that this comes in direct competition
with. There is not a manufacturer of lard-oil
that is not interested in this kind of protec-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS, That is wl^ere you come
in. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; the State of
Michigan does not produce lard-oil at all. I
do not think there is a gallon of it produced
there ; but there are many manufacturers of oil
from coal and other substances, and they are
all interested in this protection. I hope the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
West Virginia will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this subject was
under consideration in the committee my at-
tention was not called to it, and I supposed that
this chap-a-po-te, or asphaltum, bitumen, &c.,
was a very coarse material worth less than
coal. I am now informed that the present
duty of twenty-five per cent, is at least equal to
five dollars per ton. On that point, if my friend
from Maine has any information, I would like
to have him give it. The present duty it seems
does not operate injuriously to the interest or
to the manufacture of oil.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The present duty is
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem. I do not
know what that would amount to per ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that the pres-
ent rate of duty is at least five dollars ft ton, at
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem. If that is
so, I do not see any occasion for reducing it.
It is a very proper source of revenue. The
business is prosperous if it yields anything like
what is said, if a ton of this product yields one
hundred gallons of oil. This same bill levies
a tax of I think twenty or forty cents a gallon
on the oil extracted from the bitumen  
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Ten cents on the
erude. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. And forty cents on the
fine ; so that it can very well bear a tax of five
dollars a ton; and if five dollars a ton is not an
increase of the present rate I shall vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not know what
it would be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am imformed from the
best information I can get 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I am informed that
twenty-five per cent, is not more than five
dollars a ton. If so, we had better make the
duty specific and keep it at about its present
rate. I certainly would not vote to reduce
the duty, and when it was proposed to sub-
stitute fifty cents per ton for twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem I supposed it was continuing
tile old rate, only making it specific; but if
that be a mistake, as a matter of course we
ought to continue the cfuty at about its present
rate, making it specific. According to my
present judgment I should vote for it at five
dollars. The House have continued the old
rate, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should any
heavier duty be levied on this than otherkinds
of' coal ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is more expensive than
coal. That is the information I* have. I know
nothing about the article myself, but I am in-
formed that it is much more valuable than
coal. The Albertite- is worth three times as
much as coal, and if it is worth three'times as
much it ought _'to. pay about the same rate ad
valorem that "boa! does, because that is the
article with which'it is brought in competition;
and if five dollars a ton is equivalent to twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem, that is about a fair
rate. The information I get is that it is worth
twenty dollars a ton.
Mr. HOWE. The way the case seems to
be put is, that it is introducing a material
which is equal to the production of one hun-
dred gallon's of oil at a duty of fifty cents;
that is. half a cent a gallon. It seems to me if
our object in this bill is to raise revenue, that
is making very slow progress toward it. I do
not see why this oil cannot afford to pay as
much duty as other oil.
Mr. WILLEY. The question, it strikes
mc, presents itself in this shape: if it will lead
to the development of this rich mine in West
Virginia, as it will no doubt, and to the manu-
facture of oil to impose these rates, which are
about equal to those now existing, under which
the manufacturers of this article in the North
have been able to live along and still pay a
revenue to the Governnent, we can still get
that revenue without diminution and increase
our revenues by developing this great interest
of the manufacture of oil and by the duties
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is this :
whether gentlemen wish to encourage manu-
factures. There are many things that are
manufactured out of this article, of which it is
a raw material, and the raw material is not yet
developed in West Virginia at all.
Mr. WILLEY. As the Senator seems to al-
lude to that, I will state that the company are
now erecting retorts at this-point for the pur-
pose of manufacturing the oil, and are building
a railroad from the northwestern branch of
the Baltimore and Ohio road, and expect to
manufacture largely at that point, and also to
manufacture it at Baltimore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President, I
really cannot understand the process upon which
gentlemen act on this subject. Hereisanunde-
veloped mine, if you please, out of which the
owners expect to make a large profit some day
or other; and in the mean time, not having
developed it, not having the raw materia^ at
all, not having begun even, except by building
a railroad to get to it, they ask in advance that
industries that have grown up out of the raw
material imported from abroad, which they
have not at this time, shall suffer for their pros-
pective benefit. That is just the amount of
it. That is the question. I think that is cut-
ting pretty deep. I cannot go for this doctrine
of protection to the extent to which gentlemen
wish to carry it. I have no doubt if it shall
be found in time that this coal, or whatever
you please to call it, and it is for the ordinary
uses of coal, merely used for the manufacture
of coal, comes in competition- with what
shall turn out to be a great American interest,
that at that time something will be done with
regard to it to equalize the matter; but to do
it in advance and to stop the works which are
already going on upon the foreign raw mate-
rial seems to me to be a very singular kind of
proceeding.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will allow me
to say that the specific duty which I propose is
about the same as that now existing. The
other article to which he alludes seems to have
prospered to the extent he nientiops with that
duty upon it. I do not understand, therefore,
the point of the Senator's remarks. We do
not propose materially to increase thfc duty, if
any at all, from what it now is. Our object is
to prevent it from being reduced down to noth-
ing, or to fifty cents a ton. It is twenty-iiv^
per cent, ad valorem now. U nder the-existing
duty that interest has flourished, as the Sena-
tor from Maine says, at Portland by the import-
ation of the article from Nova Scotia and the
manufacture of it here, thereby avoiding as you
will see the five cents discrimination on every
gallon of the oil under the provision of our
revenue laws now, which imposes a higher
duty on refined oil made out of petroleum than
on that made out of caonel coal and other sub-
stances. In order to get the benefit of that
discrimination, they send the crude material
over to this country at $2 50 a ton or some-
where thereabouts, manufacture the oil, and
then sell it for five cents less revenue duty
upon a gallon than there is imposed upon the
petroleum oil when refined, and in that way
evade the duty and realize the handsome profit
of five cents a gallon.
But, sir, that is not ^the point. The point
here is, that we have already expended in
making arrangements fof the manufacture of
this article; indeed we manufacture to some
extent already in West Virginia from cannel
coal and otherwise ; but in regard to this as-
phaltum we have expended large amounts artd
are erecting retorts now to go into the manu-
facture immediately ; and if the Nova Scotia
article can live under* a duty of twenty-five per
cent- ad valorem, certainly I think it can live
with a specific duty, amounting to about the
same thing, of five dollars a toil.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have
gone upon the principle in this bill, wherever
they could, to reduce to the lowest practicable
point the duty on the raw material for the pur-
pose of encouraging established manufactures.
It is not applied to this article alone, but to
many other articles where the manufactures
are established and progressing in this coun-
try. It was thought to be a part of the Amer-
ican system to encourage these manufactures.
Gentlemen have been willing to apply it in a
great many cases where they felt that interest
with regard to their own sections; but now
they wish to reverse it and overturn the man-
ufactures for the benefit of the possible raw
material that may be found hereafter. That is
the argument. The Senator says that this duty
is lower than it is upon petroleum. The reason
is it costs much more to manufacture it, and
the rate of duty upon the manufacturers of oil
and the refiners of petroleum, and of this sub-
stance was fixed by agreement and compro-
mise between the parties themselves as to what
was right and just between them, and there
have been no complaints from them. This
business has not been prosperous. The works
near my city have failed once. Senators talk
about these great advantages, and yet they
have had a very hard struggle to get along any
how: and now the proposition is that they shall
not have the benefit of the principle introduced
into the tariff in regard to all other manufac-
tures depending on raw material coming in
from abroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ah-
thon'y.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. WILLEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered,
Mr. HOWE. I may be mistaken in the
vote I am going to give. I am going to vote
for this amendment, bat without the slightest
regard to the protection that is asked for this
West Virginia mine. I do not understand that
the law or the duty of protection has anything
to do with a mine." AU the protection that can
be asked for, if any, is the difference between
what it costs to take out from the deposit the
raw material in this country and in any other
country where there is a like deposit competing
with it. That is all that protection has any-
thing to do with. If you put duties beyond
that point upon any such material it is valus
added to the artiele; it is not protection ; but
