1867.]
APPENDIX TO ,THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Leftwich.
Ho. of Reps.
Aggregate  15 38 21 51
Average  $1 53 $2 15
2t 75
$2 47
laborers of Europe are mere paupers, who,
if we artificially keep up prices here, will be
sure to desert their native countries and immi-
grate to ours. This is sufficiently refuted by
the fact that parties of English workmen pur-
posely imported for the iron-works of Pitts-
burg refused the high wages offered to them
and returned to their native country, where
the cost of living is so much less than here. I
submit a table of wages in Liverpool, England,
and Reading, Pennsylvania, reducing the Eng-
lish wages from sterling at $4 84 to the pound. j
The tables were furnished by the editors of the j
newspapers in the cities repectively. ;
Table of roageg in England and the United States, Jan- !
u ary 1,1S67.
Liverpool, Eng. Reading, Pa. \
Equal to U. i
S_. currency \
Occupation. Gold, at $1 40. U.S. currency. ■
Bricklayers, perday. $1 45 $2 03 $2 50@3 00
Brickmakers, 2 30 3 22 3 00
Blacksmiths, " 1 58 2 21 2 50
Carpenters, " 1 36 1 90 2 75
Drivers, 14 1 30 1 82 1 50
Holders, " 1 67 2 33 2 00
Miners, " 1 13 2 03 2 00
Plasterers, " 115 2 03 2 50
Painters, " 1 50 2 10 2 00@2 50
Plumbers, " 1 32 1 84 2 00@3 00
Why, sir, taking into consideration the very
much cheaper rate of living in England it is
our laborers who are getting to be the paupers
and not theirs. A silk hat that costs in this
country eight dollars can be bought in England
for three dollars. A black coat that costs here
thirty dollars can be bought there for seven
dollars. A house that rents in Reading for
$500 will only fetch in Liverpool $100. The
hack which costs two dollars here costs but six-
pence sterling or eleven cents gold there, equal
to fifteen cents currency, for one or two passen-
gers to go a mile. I have purposely selected
Heading as the American town of comparison,
because that is the heart of the region which
is said to confer so many blessings upon its
inhabitants through this monopoly policy.
Perhaps nothing more forcibly illustrates the
folly of attempting to maintain an artificially
high level of prices than does this very table
of wages; for the remarkable rise in English
wages of late years has doubtless been due in
some degree to the efforts of the protectionists
to attract them here by high wages. They
professed a desire to encourage immigration
by raising wages here; but they commenced by
raising the prices of commodities and the cost
of living. Now, the effect here and in England
has been this: here it has raised commodities
and the cost of living nearly two hundred per
cent., and wages but about one hundred per
cent. In England commodities have risen not
over twenty-live per cent., but wages have
gone up fifty per cent. So that the effect has
been the very reverse of the one predicted.
I say the late advance in the rate of English
wages is due in some degree to the delusive
policy of our protectionists, but it is chiefly the
result, alike natural and fortunate, of the rapid
progress of England for many years past
toward free trade; and it is a truth established
by experience that, everything considered, labor
is always best rewarded where all the industrial
pursuits are least restricted and trade and
commerce are most free.
Mr. Speaker, I venture to assert that the
most effective and powerful bond of Union
devised by the wisdom of our fathers to keep
the States of this Union united, prosperous,
and happy, was the provision in the Constitu-'
tion by which it is declared that—
regulation of commerce or    .
one State over those of another; nor shall vessels
bound t , or from, one State beobliged to oator, clear,
or pay duties in another."
Reconstruction.
By this wise and beneficent guarantee abso-
lute free trade was established forever between
the States.
The vast extent of our territory, the very great
diversity of our natural advantages of soil, cli-
mate, and production, and the different habits
and pursuits of our people, have made our coun-
try by itself almost equivalent to a world in its
facilities for internal commerce. The freedom
of trade between the States has enabled the
people to exchange western for eastern, and
both for southern, productions, and the country
has grown and prospered with a rapidity alike
surprising to ourselves and to the other nations
of the earth. But does any man suppose that,
without this free-trade condition of union, our
country would not have been broken into frag- ^
ments long years ago? Any system of inter-
State tariffs, under the control of the States or
of Congress, would have certainly proven to be
a very Pandora's box of national discord and
misery. In my judgment, this inhibition against
any discriminations by Congress against any
of the States in the arrangement of taxes and
tariffs of late has been in many instances very
grossly violated. But it is not my purpose to
discuss them now. i
It is said by the protectionists that if we :
reducc our tariff the people will buy too much,
and thus be ruined. They mean that the peo-
ple would not then buy enough of them.
Under any system approximating free trade
the people certainly would buy more, and there-
fore be happier, because they would be able to
buy much cheaper and would have more to
buy with. But it is a mere assumption to say
that they would buy more than they could pay
for; because, first, it takes two to make a bar-
gain, and the seller is not apt to sell more
than he can get an equivalent for; and sec-
ondly, the buyer will be more or less careful
of his good name and credit. But this is a
very inconsistent argument against reasonable
freedom of trade for gentlemen to make who
are ready to put the ballot into the hands of
millions of untutored negroes. It is consist-
ent with their policy to hold that white men
are not intelligent enough to drive their own
bargains without the intervention of a protect-
ive law to stay and control them, to teach them
how much to buy and of whom to buy it, how
much to sell and to whom to sell it, and what
particular companies or corporations they shall
patroniz?.
If our country is ever to become prosperous
and happy again it will be after a return to the
sound currency and rational revenue systems
of her better days. The present systems lead
only to national distress and ruin.
REMARKS OF HON„ J. W. LEFTWICH,
op tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1867,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the lately rebellious States.
Mr. LEFTWICH. Mr. Speaker, in compli-
ance with a settled purpose I determined not
to trespass on the valuable time of this House,
but when a proposition is presented so unneces-
sary and unwarrantable, and probably fraught
with such damaging results as I consider this
to be, I cannot, in justice to my sense of duty,
refrain from uttering a few words of earnest
protest against its adoption.
The constitutional and legal objections to
this measure are so clearly written in letters
of living, burning light in the Constitution itself
that there has seemed to me no necessity for
their presentation; but others more able and
competent than myself have thought otherwise,
and have accordingly given that branch of the
subject due attention; hence my remarks shall
be confined to a few practical suggestions; and
coming as I do from what was once an insur-
rectionary district, yet allowing no one in this
Hall or elsewhere to rank me in loyal devotion
to the Government of our fathers, I feel that
my remarks ought, and I hope they will receive,
the attention of the House; and if so, I will
promise that whether they are heeded now or
not, some things I say shall be remembered
hereafter.
I agree fully with those who say a crisis is
upon us, and that what is done must be done
speedily and effectively. I see as clearly as
they do that indications of a satisfactory adjust-
ment of our difficulties are so threatening as
to excite the serious alarm of those whose
occupations will be forever gone when peace
and harmony are again restored. I believe
that the American people are equal to all
emergencies, and that the same moral courage
and forbearance that sustained them through
the ordeal of a protracted civil war will still
sustain them through the triumphs of a per-
manent and enduring peace. It is true, no
doubt to many sadly true, that parties might
be made to crumble aijd pass away; but still
the nation would survive, which after all would
more than compensate the people and posterity
for this wreck of parties." It produced evident
consternation among those who love party more
than country to hear the able and eloquent gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] say
there was but a shade of difference between
the proposition of adjustment as presented in
the proposed constitutional amendment, and
the proposition of later .date that comes from
representative men of the - southern States.
This slight difference I think can and will be
satisfactorily adjusted by the erasure or modi-
fication of the disqualifying section of the pro-
posed constitutional amendment, so as to ena-
ble the South to accept it without dishonor.
And here I desire to say, in my conversations
with those whom it would disqualify, I have
found a greater willingness to accept it than
among those whom it would not. Ihe repre-
sentative men of those who would not be af-
fected by this disqualifying clause, and would
virtually be left with no obstructions in their
road to political preferment, prompted by an
honorable feeling of regard for their misguided
friends and neighbors, as well as due self-re-
spect, will never approve such conditions; yet
it can readily be perceived that this disquali-
fying section is the commending clause to that
other class of southern aspirants who never can
rise above their merited oblivion till all com-
peting obstacles are removed.
I have no apologies to make for those who
inaugurated or supported rebellion; but I have
a right to demand, and I do demand, that the
pledges that sustained my loyalty, and thou-
sands of others similarly situated, shall be re-
deemed. The legislation proposed by this bill
verifies every argument used in support of re-
bellion to induce the loyal to join them, and
falsifies every argument the loyal made in reply.
Secessionists said: "When the dominant
party in the North get into undisputed power
they will deprive us of all our just rights, and
placing the heel of oppression on our necks,
will make of us literally ' hewers of wood and
drawers of water.' "
The loyal said in reply: "You misunder-
stand or misrepresent them : they only desire
to restore and preserve the Unionand with
pride quoted the concurrent resolutions declar-
ing with only two dissenting voices in this
House—
"That this war is not waged in any spirit of oppres-
sion, or for any purpose of conquest or subjugation,
or for purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and to preserve the Union, with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of tho several States un-
impaired.
Now, I assume the responsibility of saying
that without these and similar pledges no loy-
alty could have been found in ariy of the slave-
holding States; and further, that without this
