186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Lefturich.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
loyalty, the war would not have terminated as it
has. This may, at first, seem a strong assertion
to those far from the scenes of strife; but when
it is remembered that these States furnished
near three hundred thousand national soldiers,
and that even with these there were long, weary
years in which the destiny of the nation hung
trembling in uncertain balance. Besides these
three hundred thousand soldiers there was in
all the southern country a dormant loyal ele-
ment which added a powerful moral influence
against the success of rebellion. At that dark
period in our history, when gold was near two
hundred per cent, premium, when the draft was
being resisted and riots were raging in New
York and threatened elsewhere, when the en-
tire strength of the Army was necessary to
drive the enemy from the soil of Maryland
and Pennsylvania, any business mind will per-
ceive what would have been the result of
subtracting three hundred thousand soldiers,
and the moral influence that sustained them,
from one side and adding them to the other.
Not only do I have the right, in vindication
of the plighted honor of my Government, to
demand that these pledges be redeemed, but
it is my duty to warn the nation of the dangers
of disregarding them.- No great moral wrong
to ever perpetrated by individuals or nations
without sooner or later meeting with retributive
punishment; and if it required four long and
doubtful years of bloody war to conquer the
South, when we were right and they were
wrong, how long would it require if they were
right and we were wropg? as we will be when-
ever in violation of our pledges made during
the war, and in violation of the conditions of
their surrender, we oppress them with this
degrading legislation.
These remarks are intended for those in this
House, and the masses of the North who,
though misguided, really desire a restoration
of peace and consequent prosperity, and not
for those who, with fell purpose to keep up
strife, first falsely charged that the South was
still in rebellion, and in order to seemingly
verify these charges offer insult and injury, as
in this and similar enactments, with a hope to
inaugurate the condition of affairs they had
said already existed.
It has been truthfully said in the progress of
this debate that the result of the past elections
was brought about by the appeals of "south-
ern loyalists" for protection against their ene-
mies; and to those who know the hopes that
inspired these men it is a source of wonder
that the northern people, so deservedly pro-
verbial for sagacity, should have been so easily
duped as to credit such statements. Fortu-
nately, there is nothing go bad that some good
may not come of it, and so with this proposed
law which has already unmasked the purposes
of these super-loyalists; as it is becoming ap-
parent to all that they have neither needed nor
desired protection for themselves, but are ex-
tremely anxious to be clothed with authority
to protect other imaginary sufferers. This put-
ting the protection in the hands of the regular
Army does not meet with their approval, be-
cause they see in that no rich pickings for them-
selves. These men, as a class, never liked reg-
ular Army officers, and now that they are about
to be deprived through them of what they
deemed a rich harvest of spoils they like them
less than ever. It is this same class who have
cried most loudly and persistently for protec-
tion for the poor freedmen; but is not it a
little strange that no such appeals have come
up from the freedmen themselves?
I can tell you, sir, and I know whereof I
speak, the freedmen want no such protection as
they would give, which is such as the lion gives
the lamb. When they ask for bread they do not
want to be given a stone, as is done by those
who offer them suffrage instead of release from
burdensome taxation on the products of their
labor. I will venture the assertion that if a vote
 as taken among the freedmen in my district
to determine whether they prefer the right of
suffrage or the removal of the cotton tax, nine
out of ten would vote for the latter. No
respectable number of them have desired or
asked to be allowed this privilege; and when
it is, as it may be, thrust upon them, and they
vote, as they are sure to do, with the conser-
vatives, they will then be as bitterly abused as
conservatives now are.
This appeal for protection for the freedmen
is refuted by the simple business fact that there
is a demand in the South for much more labor
than the freedmen can supply. Our rich lands
remain uncultivated for want of labor, and the
rivalry in procuring and retaining it is not only
between individuals and communities, but be-
tween States ; hence, as a matter of policy, if
from no higher motive, the freedmen in the
South receive better treatment and higher wages
than any similar number of laborers in the
world. If they were abused, as we hear they
are, is it reasonable to suppose they would re-
main away from their friends in the North while
the Freedmen's Bureau can give them trans-
portation ?
The eloquent gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] has truly said the fifteen southern
States are a unit; and he might as truthfully
have added, the course of the majority in this
House has made them so. They were not a unit
at any time prior to the war, when Whigs and
Democrats contested with varying success every
political battle-field in those States; and though
the old Whig conservatism was borne under
during the war, at its close such was the desire
to place the men of that purely conservative
party in positions of trust that Tennessee se-
lected every member to this Congress from that
party; Mississippi did the same, including her
Senators; Arkansas I believe did likewise, and
most of the other southern States I am told at
least imitated these examples.
These representatives came here not to act
as a unit with or against either party, but to
cooperate with good men from the North of all
parties for the purpose of repairing the dam-
ages of the war. Were they allowed to do so?
The sad history of this hour answers sternly
in the negative. One party met them on the
threshold and with glad hearts and extended
arms exclaimed: Welcome, brothers ; the other,
with cold, cruel, unforgiving, puritanical dis-
dain, shut the door in their very faces. Hence,
who is astonished that the fifteen Southern
States are a unit, and who dare say they ought
not so to be? In this, too, I speak whereof I
know. I and others came here expecting to
cooperate with the Republican, which we be-
lieved was the Union party; but when we saw
that it only aspired to be a sectional party, and
learned the treatment that our constituents
were to receive at their hands, our self-respect
and love of country forced us to seek affiliation
elsewhere.
To illustrate more clearly that the South
sought in good faith to put forward her con-
servative men, and not those who had urged
them into rebellion, I may also add this fact:
the_ Mississippi convention that passed the
ordinance of secession was composed of sev-
enty-nine Democrats out of ninety members,
while theconvention called to reestablish Fed-
eral relations had these numbers reversed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire distinctly to
repeat there is no necessity for this or any
other protection for loyal white or black peo-
ple in the southern States beyond the laws
already in practical operation there. These
raw-head-and-bloody-bone stories that have
imposed on the credulity of northern minds
till they have become ridiculous in the estima-
tion of the unprejudiced are in the main false,
made of whole-cloth, and are concocted and
promulgated for base and desiguing purposes.
There is not one of these self-exilea loyalists
who professes to be afraid because of his loy-
alty to return to his home? who would not take
tiie firs* train for home with the bare protec-
tion of a commission to collect the internal
revenue in his district, or any other commis-
sion that would pay better than hanging round
here and fabricating these stories.
True, there is more lawlessness there now
than prior to the war, as there was when the
comparatively few soldiers returned from Mex-
ico, and as there is now in Maine, where the
prison statistics show an increase in crime of
one hundred per cent.j and that three fourths
of all the criminals are returned soldiers.
, Gentlemen should remember that war is not
refining nor Christianizing in its influence ; and
the southern States are no exception to the rule.
In my own loved State I regret that we are
less contented and hopeful than elsewhere in
the South, because there, as in 1-861, a minority
accidentally hold the reins of power, and arc
[ attempting to perpetuate their rule over the
majority in violation of the fundamental prin-
i ciples of republican government. What was
usurpation then is usurpation now, and the
same disgraceful overthrow that overtook the
usurpers in 1861 will overtake those of 1867.
Now, Mr. Speaker, even if protection was
needed, this proposition does not and cannot
afford it. And having protested in behalf of
our national honor against this impolitic and
impracticable course, I also desire to protest in
behalf of the officers of the Army who would be
designated to fill these positions, not that they
would be uncourteously received and treated
by the southern people, who have a high regard
for the officers of the regular Army, much pre-
ferring them to the self-styled southern loyal-
ists, but these officers would there make and
cultivate acquaintances and probably form at-
tachments which would soon result in the same
disgraceful accusations being made against
them as have on this floor been made against
the Naval Academy at Annapolis. I hesitate
not to say that the General of the Army is
to-day more highly appreciated by the former
soldiers of the South than he is by the politi-
cians of the North.
These soldiers know the almost superhuman
efforts that have been made to induce him to
join the politicians in their utter disregard and
violation of the conditions on which they
surrendered, and they know that he has been
supported in his refusal to join them by that
highest of human attributes, a soldier's honor.
With this knowledge of their regard for him I
listened with peculiar interest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] while express-
ing the probability that he was the only man
who could satisfactorily carry out the wishes
of the nation. The world's history presents
no spectacle so sublime as for these southern
States to consent as a unit to place their destiny
in the hands of this man, now called their
conqueror. Nor is this amongthe impossibili-
ties, as evidenced by their present respect for
and confidence in the President, who two short
years ago was more objectionable to them and
more dreaded by them than any man in the
northern States ; but who, without undoing or
unsaying one act or word, and only by evidenc-
ing a willingness to forgive and forget the past,
with its errors and consequent sorrows, has
made for himself an abiding place in their
hearts that would cause them, if necessary, to
lay down their lives in his support. ■
In behalf of the southern people I desire
in conclusion to say: as a community, with
rare exceptions, they entertain no feelings of
animosity toward the officers or soldiers of the
national Army, who, while the South was in
armed rebellion, discharged their duty even to
<r ^a7'nS waste of the land of their pride and
affection; but toward those who did not have
the courage to_ fight them while in arms, but
who since their surrender continue to offer
insult and injury, and who, judging from their
own corrupt hearts, construe their demonstra-
tions of present loyalty into perfidy, they do
justly entertain the profoundest feelings of
indignation and contempt.
