1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
142
throw your machine shops and manufactures
into the ocean; the one is connected: with the
other just as bread is connected with the life
of man almost.
Mr. SHERMAN, I do not wish to oppose
a matter of this kind ; hut this is an advance .
on the present rate of duty of thirty per cent.
The present rate of duty is thirty-five per cent.
The Senator from Rhode Island proposes to
make it sixty-five.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nearly a hundred per
cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I mean it is an advance
on the cost of the article of thirty per cent., or
an advance of nearly doable the present duties.
What reason is given for this ? My friend from
Rhode Island says we have added to the duties
on steel and iron. When this subject wa*s
before the committee, and a gentleman was
before us who was very much interested in this
matter, I asked him, and I asked the question
of dozens of others, what proportion do steel
and iron bear to the cost of the-article?
Mr. SPRAGUE. One'fifth.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend says one fifth.
The general statement was one tenth. Now
take his own statement, one fifth. Here is a
machine that costs $100.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Thirty dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Any machine. He says
thirty Hollars. Take a machine that costs thirty
dollars. Now the raw material which enters
into the manufacture of that machine, accord-
ing to his statement, is six dollars; according
to the general statement made before us three
dollars. We have added to the cost of that raw
material, six dollars, about fifty cents, or at
most, one dollar. Now, because we have added
to the cost of the raw material one -dollar at
the outside, therefore we must add thirty per
cent, on the cost of the completed article, or
nine dollars. That is the argument.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I go behind that, and say
that before this increase of duty, it costs three
times as much with the rates as now existing
on iron and steel to produce this article of a
spindle in this country as it does abroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. Two years ago we framed
a tariff law to meet that very difficulty; but
now we have increased the duties generally
about ten per cent, on certain leading and im-
portant staples, in order to protect our indus-
try and to give us more revenue. In order to
compensate for that increased duty—for that
is all there is required—we are asked to give
thirty per cent, on the completed article of
manufacture, when the addition to the cost of
raw material is only about five per cent. It
seems to me that would destroy the object of
this bill. I should like very much to accom-
modate my friend from Rhode Island; there
is nobody whom I would more desire to accom-
modate ; but the effect will be that at sixty-five
per cent, we shall have no machinery imported
into this country, and we shall get no revenue
from it. The pretext, or the ground upon
which this increase is proposed, is evidently
delusive, because the whole increase to the
raw material made by this tariff is probably not
three per cent, on the present rate of duty.
The Committee on Finance have already
allowed ten per cent., or nearly thirty per cent,
on the present rates. I believe they report
forty-five per cent.; the old duty was thirty-five;
and I was perfectly willing at the urgent com-
plaint of these manufacturers to vote for fifty
per cent, or even fifty-five per cent., so as to
put them on "a footing with cutlery, although,
as it is manifest, the rates of duty on cutlery
being a more expensive article, are usually
higher. The rates of duty I believe on table
cutlery are fifty per cent.; and I was perfectly
willing to vote for fifty per cent, on machinery;
but to put. it up to sixty-five, it seems to me,
would destroy the great object of this bill, to
produce revenue, and I cannot vote for it.
Mr. CATTELL. I was of the impression
that this machinery was one of the items upon
which the Committee on Finance did not put
as much duty as was required to protect its
manufacture; and I so expressed myself, and
am in favor of some additional duty. I ask
the gentleman from Rhode Island if he will
not consent to modify his motion so as to make
it fifty-five per cent. I will vote for that.
_ Mr. CONNESS. He has refused to make it'
sixty.
Mr. CATTELL. I was out of the Chamber
for a few moments, and did not hear that
proposition made. Then I shall most undoubt-
edly vote against the amendment as it stands,
because I believe it to be more than is neces-
sary. A motion to make the duty fifty-five per
cent, would meet with my approval.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. SPRAGUE. What is the proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
from Rhode Island that the Senatorfrom New
Jersey proposes that he modify his amendment
so as to say fifty-five per cent. I have already
proposed _ that he should modify it so as to
make it sixty per cent. I believe that that is
necessary. I believe that you are going to
stop the workshops of the country engaged in
producing machinery unless you give them a
protection to this extent.' I do not desire to
enter into the question at this time, although
I have thought upon it to some extent; but I
hope the Senator from Rhode Island will con-
sent to modify his motion as I have suggested,
and let us take a vote on sixty per cent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that the Sen-
ator consents to that modification of his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question, then, is
on the first branch of the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island, as modified, on
page 37, section seven, line two hundred and
ninety-three, to strike out "forty-five" and
insert "sixty."
Mr. ANTHONY. I am satisfied that unless
there be some additional duty put upon ma-
chinery that branch of industry will be driven
out of the country. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is not precisely fair. He says
that because a large additional duty has been
put upon the raw material, therefore we wish
a corresponding additional duty put upon the
manufactured article, whereas the raw material
is but a small portion of the value of the manu-
factured article. If the advance was demanded
on that ground, the answer of the Senator from
Ohio would be perfect; but it is not so. The
demand is made upon the ground stated by the
chairman of the Finance Committee in pre-
senting the bill: that it has been the object of
the committee to give protection wherever it
was needed.
Mr. President, lam very sorry indeed to give
any vote that makes machinery cost more, be-
cause, although many of my constituents man-
ufacture machinery, many more of them use it.
But leaving entirely out of the question the pro •
tection due to our own industry, taking into
consideration only the question of national in-
dependence, I believe it is of vital importance
that we should not drive out of the country the
fabrication of iron, and I am quite sure that
the present duty reported in this bill is not suffi-
cient to retain that branch of industry. I do
not know but that by and by, after labor comes
down, it may revive again; but atpresent,, with
anything like the present prices of labor, it will
be impossible I think to carry it on.
I do not know upon what principle it is that
we put a duty of one hundred per cent, upon
the manufacture of iron and then put a duty
of only forty-five per cent, upon the industry
which transforms that iron into a useful ma-
chine. I do not know why the one branch of
industry is not entitled to just as much protec-
tion as the other, provided it needs that pro-
tection. I suppose the manufacturer of iron
requires a greater degree of protection in order
to its successful prosecution than the man-
ufacture of machinery itself; but if you give
the manufacturer of iron all that is required to
carry on the business successfully, then I do
not see why you are not bound to give the same
frotection to the manufacturer of machinery.
know very well that if -we increase the price
of machinery we increase the price of the
articles which machinery produces, and that
increases the cost of living and raises the price
of labor, without giving to the laborer really
any additional wages ; but I do not see how we
are to prevent it. If we are to make a begin-
ning we must begin at the bottom and reduce
the cost of the raw material; and that, I under-
stand, the committee are not prepared to do,
and I do not ask it of them. The reason
why we could import machinery under the duty
that now exists was that we had gold at 200;
that made all the difference in the world; but
now machinery is coming in here from England
and is laid down here at thirty per cent, less
than we can manufacture it. 1 know that a
steam-engine has been manufactured in Eng-
land, brought here, and laid down thirty per
cent, lower than we could manufacture it. I
think there ought to be an additional duty on
machinery.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
know to what extent this sort of argumenta-
tion that has been presented by the honorable
Senator will carry us. Now it is made mani-
fest, as it seems, that one hundred per cent,
tariff is necessary to enable those engaged in
manufacturing iron to conduct their business.
Mr. ANTHONY. And you give it to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And this tariff bill gives
it to them. Now the manufacturer of steel
says, "You have fixed a tariff of one hundred
per cent, on iron ; our business is to make iron
into steel, and you must favor us with the same
duty that .you do the manufacturer of iron;"
and so you add another hundred per cent.,
making two hundred per cent. And now here
comes the man who makes that steel into ma-
chinery, and he says he must have one hundred
per cent.; and so we pile one tariff upon an-
other until the cost of the article, when it is
finally finished, to the consumer is made fabu-
lous. There is some fallacy about this reason-
ing somewhere; because that is the legitimate
result of it. That is the argument that is urged
here on every hand. Every Senator who ad-
dresses the Senate with reference to these arti-
cles manufactured of steel commences by say-
ing, " You have levied so much upon iron ;
we are entitled to as much as the men who
make the iron ; and so it goes on from one thing
to another until the articles come to be so high
that nobody can afford to use them.
I do not pretend to know as much about
these things as many other Senators who live
in manufacturing States; but one idea that
operated upon my mind was this 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate goes fur-
ther than that and protects materials in the
bowels of the earth, for fear they may be driven
out of the country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly, and that is a
true proposition on the same system of argu-
ment. If a man discovers a mine in this
country anywhere, immediately a tariff is
imposed upon the article, and the effect of
discovering a mine in this country is to make-
file article higher than it was before the mine
was discovered. That is the general proposi-
tion; but that is not pertinent to this ques-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is just what the
Senate have done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know they have done
it, but I did not help to do it.
But I was about to state the idea which
influenced me more than any other to vote for
this report. I am not disposed to oppose a
reasonable increase; but the great cry in this
country is, that the manufacturers need pro-
tection ; that the men who make the woolens
and the cottons in the country need protection ;
and that was the reason I thought that if you
put a high tariff upon the machinery, to that
extent you injured the manufacturing interest
of the country; that unless the manufacturing
interest, which seems to be demanding ana
needs the most protection- 
