7U
THE mN&EESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 25,
Mr. COSINESS. And so destroy another
class to sav.e them,
" Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not suppose'that a
duty of forty-fire per cent, would destroy .them,
and, as the honorable Senator from Ohio said,
it ia impossible to show how it does destroy
them; because the argujnentpro,eee4s upon the
assumption that the tariff upon iron and steel
has increased the value of/those two articles,
arid yet the same sh'pyiijg jpalies it appear th,at
they constitute"iijoojasiderable part of this
machinery; so thai is not because a high tariff
is imposed upon the iron and the steel that this
greatduty is necessary; it must be for some other
reason. I suppose the maiu reason is because
labor is higher m this country than it is in Eng-
land. I should be willing, if it be the mind of
those gentlemen of the Senate who understand
the manufacturing business better than I do,
to increase this duty. I do not propose tp be
obstinate in reference to the matter; but it is
difficult to see, while the men who conduct
the manufacturing business of the country are
clamoring for protection, how we protect them
if we impose an additional price upon the very
articles they use in that-busiuegs.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I do not
want to impose an additional tax upon the cot-
ton and woolen manufacturers; I do not want
to make their machinery expensive; but this
fact, in my opinion, isabundantly proved, and
I think the chairman of the Committee on
Finance will agree with me that, unless there
be some additional duty, the fabrication of iron
machinery must, for the present at least, cease
in this country. Whether that result is desir-
able or not others can judge for themselves;
but I believe that will be the result. I expressly
disclaimed, as the Senator from Oregon would
have heard if he had listened to me, demanding
a higher duty upon machiney because there
has been a higher duty imposed on iron. I
know that the iron forms but a small part of
the cost of the machinery.
Mr. WILSON. In some kinds of machinery
it forms a good deal of the cost.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does in some kinds
of machinery, but it does not form a fifth in
this ease, and generally not so much. I stated
that an increased duty was necessary because
at the present price of gold and at the present
rate of duty machinery is brought from Eng-
land and laid down here for thirty per cent, less
than we can make it. Senators will judge for
themselves whether they wish to correct that
or not.
The difficulty that the Senator from Oregon
enlarges upon I perceive as well as he does. I
perceive that when you put an enormous duty
upon the manufacture of iron you are obliged
to put a duty upon the manufactures made from
iron, and when you put it on those manufac-
tures you are obliged to put an equal duty
upon the goods which the iron machines are
employed to manufacture; but if that system
is not right, then you must begin at the bottom
and take the duty off the iron, because wherever
you stop you destroy the industry that you
stop with. If the edifice is going to topple over
it is best to strengthen the foundation of it.
With regard to the great duties that the man -
ufaeturers of cotton and wool demand I think
the Senator exaggerates them. I do not think
the manufacturers of cotton and woolens de-
mand great duties. If they do they certainly
have not been accommodated in this bill; for
the duties on cottons are somewhat lower;
the duties on linen are lower; and in the duties
on wool and woolens the committee have
accepted the House bill with regard to the
advance on wool, but have-not accepted it on
woolens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One of the items on
which the charge was predicated on woolen
manufactures in the House bill was the duty
on dye-stuffs, and we have taken off the duty
on dye-stutfs in almost every instance.
Mr. ANTHONY. That does not amount to
so much as the reduction of duty on woolens
from the rates of the House bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes, it does.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not so informed.
The Senator probably knows bett er than I do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We'did not make the
calculations ourselves, but had them made by
an expert with the direction to make the duties
conform.
Mr. ANTHONY. I snbmit to the superior
information of the committee, and I have no-
doubt it is correct! But with regard to the
great duties demanded by the wooleij $nd cot-
ton "manufacturers, one of the largest manu-
facturers and one of the most intelligent raeo
in the country said to me the other day, " Give
me the free importation of my raw material;
relieve me from all internal taxes; impose a
duty of twenty-five per cent, and collect it,
and it is all I want; that would be better than
the present bill, and better than any bill I have
had."
Mr. FESSENDEN." I have no doubt it
would be.
Mi\ ANTHONY. But with such enormous
duties, duplicated and quadrupled upon every
thing that enters into the fabrication of their
goods, it is impossible for them to get along
without corresponding duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have had the impres-
sion that there ought to be a slight increase of
the duties on machinery; but by no means, so
much as is stated by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Sprague.] I am informed, how-
ever, that a very accurate calculator, after eal-
. culating the duties—-he made an accurate cal-
culation last night—says that e'ven forty-five
per cent, is one and one eighth cent over the
duties imposed upon the raw material, iron and
steel; so that in reality they have more pro-
tection. How true it is I do not know. He
undoubtedly believes it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Than under the present
tariff?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; as we have
fixed it.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the bill reported ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the bill as we re-
ported it, taking the increased duties on steel
and iron and the increased duties on machinery.
Mr. ANTHONY. That the increase on ma-
chinery is more than the increase on the raw
material ?
Mi-. FESSENDEN. In proportion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that very likely.
I expressly said that this demand was not made
in consequence of the-increase on iron ; but it
seemed to me the same principle that made the
duty of one hundred to one hundred and twenty
per cent, upon iron and steel would justify a
duty of more than forty-five per cent, upon
machinery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It depends entirely
upon the proportion. If the increase now is
greater than that on the raw material out of
which it is made, that ought to be satisfactory,
unless the business was languishing before.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the case precisely.
The reduction of the price of gold would have
destroyed the business but for protection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state the whole
case. There was one fact that was not denied,
and that was that the business of the manufac-
ture of machinery in this country was so press-
ing that the machine-shops could not fill the
orders offered them in the time the machinery
was required, and in consequence those who
offered them were obliged to send to Europe
in order to get the machinery made in the time
they wanted it. The orders were so great that
the manufacturers of machinery could not fill
them for want of time and ability to complete
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. And also owing, if the
Senator will allow me, to the diversion of a
large portion of the fabricators of iron to the
service of the country during the war. That
made a great difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be. At any
rate more orders were offered to them than
they could fill, even at the old prices.
- Mr. ANTHONY. That is undoubtedly so ;
but the fact upon which this demand is made
is, that under the existing tariff machinery can
be laid down in this country from abroad thirty
per cent, cheaper than it can be manufactured
here. I know that one of the largest machine-
makers and one of the best in the country, and
I think from the Senator's own State, has gone
out of the business of manufacturing and gone
into the business of importing machinery—Mr.
Thompson, of your State, one of the best me-
chanics in the country.
Mr. CONNESS. More than that, they take
orders and import the machinery and fill the
orders, and make a profit on the transaction.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; and one of
the largest machine-makers in my State told
me that for himself he was very indifferent as
to the increased duties on machinery; he could
make quite as much by importing as he could
by manufacturing it; but he employs a thou-
sand men," and they and their families consume
two or three thousand barrels of flour and ,a
great deal of wheat, pork, and beef, and all
that would be consumed in England if we shut
up these shops-
Mr. FESSENDEJT. If the Senator had not
interrupted me, I w'as about saying that, not-
withstanding these different statements, I was
so strongly impressed with the idea that this
interest is suffering at the present time for
need of protection that I was willing to go as
high as the Senator from New Jersey sug-
gested, fifty-five per cent., adding ten percent,
to the rate in the bill, which I think is about
right, and with which I think this interest ought
to be satisfied. That I should be willing to
submit to as against the report of the com-
mittee ; but I should not be willing to go as
high as sixty per cent. If they cannot get
along with fifty-five per cent, it is very singular
under the circumstances.
While I am up I wish to notice a remark
made yesterday by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. SpRAGUE.] Bfe gave us some-
thing to think of oyer night; he said he wished
to throw out something that we might for our
edification digest if we could during the night,
and by the time we got here to-day be ready
to say whether it had agreed with us or not.
I refer to the statement which he made that
this was a commercial tariff. If so, God help
commerce, for there is no help from any tariff
if this is a commercial tariff. He attempted
to prove it by instancing the duties on cotton
goods. I am informed by the commissioner
that these duties were fixed at a rate perfectly
satisfactory to those engaged in the manufac-
ture of cottons, who appeared before him, and
generally to everybody except in regard to some
of the higher grades of cotton where we have
increased the tariff. The cotton interest of
this country has got so that it can stand of
itself pretty much. The manufacturers in Mas-
sachusetts, I believe, have not troubled Con-
gress for an increase of the duties on cottons,
except on one or two of the higher grades,
where a little addition has been allowed them.
With regard to linens we went upon a differ-
ent principle. The Senator instanced linens
and cottons. We thought that in the present
condition of the country we are not in a state
to deny ourselves everything for the sake of
protecting everything. It is not a good time
to do it. It is a good time to protect our
established industries; and we must do that if
we can, and afford reasonable protection to
other interests which are beginning to_ be de-
veloped, but not such a protection as will raise
the price of the articles to the consumer so
largely as it would upon those industries which
have not yet began to be sufficiently developed.
We acted upon that principle with regard to
linens.
With regard to the manufactures of jute, we
went upon the principle that as that article
was altogether raised abroad it was important
to reduce the duties 011 the raw material as
much as possible in order to encourage the
manufacture of it in this country.
We did not apply, and I do not know how
any one can apply, a regular level to every
industry in the country. Sly friend from West
Virginia in his zeal wanted us to protect taat.
