1867.
THE OQffqBlSSIQyAI, GLQBE.
mountain from which so roariy beautiful ores
fe extracted for fear it wonldbe driven out of
e countiry if we did not protect it; and that is
e case with a good pi any raw materials buried
in the bowels of the earth that Senators say
will be driven out of the country if we do not
protect them. We had supposed the best pro-
tection we could give to them was by raising up
an industry in the country to manufacture the
material itself, which would protect it by giving
a good grotad for its developement; but that
does not seem to be satisfactory. I did not
give a great deal of reflection, as my friend
from Rhode Island has suggested, to what he
stated last evening in regard to this being a
commercial tariff; and I really would rather
wait to hear him make it out, for I think that
if any interest suffers under it it roust be com-
merce.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President,* I take,the
gentleman at his own word and will endeavor
to make it out. If rrecollect his argument as
to crash, it was that we were upon terms of
amity with Russia and we should continue
those relations, and therefore should so arrange
the duties as'to continue to import crash from
Russia. Was this otherwise than for the pur-
pose of protecting commerce? Is not that an
element which does protect commerce?
The Senator has risen in his seat several
times and declared that the commercial inter-
ests of the country demand attention as well
as the manufacturing. It seemed to be a
topic with him throughout nearly all of yester-
day afternoon to defend commerce. I think
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Maine are both mistaken in the suggestions
they made on that point.
I complain of this tariff because the Senator
from Maine and the Finance Committee have
been pressed by organizations which have
forced the articles of iron and steel up to a
rate of duties so great as to prohibit almost
entirely the introduction of those commodities
into this country 5 and while doing that they
seem to forget that the articles of iron and steel
and wool enter largely into the production of
cottons and of linens ; and yet we find that by
the wisdom of this committee and of the com-
missioner the duties on the latter articles are
reduced. The Senator tells us this was in
accordance with the recommendation of the
cotton interest. Did the cotton interest know
that a large proportion of the material that they
were to employ in the production of their cot-
tons was to be advanced and they not get a cor-
responding advance in the protection of their
industry ? So of the linen interest.
Another thing which the Senator has forgot-
ten and which the country does not seem to
understand is, that prior to the war the import-
ation of coarser cottons was driven from the
market by the production of those cottons in
this country, and the consequence was that the
English machinery was put upon a different
kind of commodity , a finer article. Now, how-
ever, the English manufacturer and his agents
have been to this country, and we find him pro-
ducing upon plans that have become stereo-
typed and acceptable in the markets of this
country, and introducing here to-day every
article known to American industry, and from
twenty to thirty per cent, lower than we can
produce it. The reason of this is because cer-
tain styles become popular. In the construc-
tion of a locomotive, for example, the people
of this country demand a certain style and
model and will go abroad for it; and the
English manufacturer will come here, take
styles that are acceptable to our people and go
abroad and manufacture them and send them
here. In this way every workshop in this
country may be destroyed, under the present
system. When I say so" I speak what I know.
By this bill you enhance the value of a mate-
rial part of the products that enter into the
manufacture of cottons and linens. Did the
cotton and linen manufacturers understand
that when they said they were satisfied? Cer-
tainly not.
I think this is a commercial tariff, for tho
reason that it, will give to foreign nations and
to what commerce we now haye the carrying
trade of materials thftt have heretofore beep,
manufactured and produced in this country.
They will be produced abroad, and foreign
commerce will be used to introduce them into
this country; and why? Because of the sickly
sentimental idea that prevails here that yon are
to pay off the national debt in a hurry, and that
you must tax the people more heavily for that
purpose, and continue .to tiax, tax,' tay with
that view. Have you not taxed them' suffi-
ciently during the' war? Have you not drawn
from them one half of their property? Must
you continue that policy? Must you drive
from employment every laboring man in this
country and send all our work abroad to be
done?
Why, sir, what is the condition" of the immi-
frants who arrive in our ports from Europe ?
>0 they remain here? Is it not a startling
fact that many of them return to take the pit-
tance their labor receives on the other side of
the water? Why is it? It is because of the
increased demand for their labor there to pro-
duce supplies for this country. That is tHe
reason they go back, and they will continue
to go back; and instead of coming here they
will remain there, and many now here will find
great difficulty in getting l&bor to enable them
to purchase the supplies necessary for their
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to be
misunderstood. The Senator says the burden
of my song yesterday was protection to com-
merce. I deny it entirely. I do not think I
mentioned the subject much yesterday. What
I said in the beginning I stick to that in the
construction of a tariff bill of this description,
while the main great object is followed of
protecting American industry, we must, in
some cases, take into consideration the effect
that certain duties will have upon our com-
merce. That is what I stated, and I still
maintain that position, for I do not wish to be
considered a man of one idea. I would rather
be able to look upon all the interests that are
involved and have a tendency to produce ben-
efit to our country and increase its wealth
and its power.
I shall not attempt to follow the Senator in
what he has stated. He argues always pre-
cisely in the same line, and that is that there is
nothing to be considered but protection, and
principally the protection of cotton manufac-
tures, and that, after all, if you look out and
protect cottons well the whole object of legis-
lation is accomplished. I do not agree with
him in that particular, and therefore it is
hardly worth while for us to enter into dis-
cussion.
Mr. SPRAGTTE. In answer to that, I will
simply call attention to the fact that I am an
advocate of protection to other interests.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, upon the
point made by the honorable Senator, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, the
necessity of looking to the protection of com-
merce and the recognition of it as a great in-
dustry, without which a nation cannot live and
be great, I entirely agree with him. What we
try to aim at in legislation here on this subject
is, that all the great branches of industry shall
prosper under our hand. But I rose not to
continue that theme; because, although it is
interesting and has been ably handled by the
Senators who have spoken, it has sunk the
amendment before us pretty much out of view.
The present proposition is to advance the duty
imposed upon machinery coming from abroad.
I go back to tho positiou taken by the leading
Senators, and accepted by all: that when we
consider the matter of protecting home indus-
try, the wise thing to do, the necessary thing
to do, is to ascertain by a collection of facts
what classes of industry require the protection,
what classes of production can be obtained
abroad, where other people are employed than
our own', and brought into our country at a
cheaper rate than our people can afford to be
paid for making them, and apply the duty
there, so that our own people may be employed
at home.
I think it is conceded that the duty proposed
upon machinery is not sufficient to afford the
necessary protection. When it becomes so
thaf a manufacturer, of machinery may send
his orders abroad, import the machinery, and
sell it to his customers, who do not know that it
has been manufactured in England at a profit,
it, is time to advance the duty upon it; as I
think; and my opinion is that the amendment
now before the Senate" does not propose too-
great an increase of the duty. I believe that
if you accept such a proposition as the one
njj'w b.efore the Sgnate' you will empty qur
workshops where machinery js manufactured
of the mechanics of the country. -
In crossing the Atlantic last August after our
adjournment I had the company of a very
intelligent American, largely engaged in the
manufacture of machinery. I had many con-
versations with him upon the subject. I found
him to be a very able and intelligent gentle-
man, entirely at home upon the subject. He
showed to me clearly that the tax imposed upon
the material out of which sewing-machines
were manufactured was so great that they
could not manufacture them in our own coun-
try at a profit, and that they were compelled
now to transfer their workshops, and would
have to do it if the duties were kept up on the
raw materials, to England, and have their ma-
chines manufactured there, bring them in at
the duty imposed upon them, and sell them to
their customers in America. This was, as I
have said, from a very able man and one inter-
ested in a low duty upon machines, not inter-
ested in a high duty, for his position was,
"reduce the tax that you now impose upon the
raw material or else we will go abroad and
manufacture, and must do it and will do it,
because we can do it and pay your duty."
Here we have the testimony, as I again repeat,
of an able man interested against the very
testimony that he gave. Now, I hope the Sen-
ate will adopt the pending amendment offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Jlr. FRELINGHUYSEN. How much per-
centage does that propose ?
Mr. CONNESS. Sixty per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
first branch of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conncss, Cres-
well. Fowler, Frelinshuysen, Howard. Howe, Morrill,
Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, ana
Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. C&ttell, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fogs,Grimes,Henderson, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Slorgan, Norton, Patterson, Ramsey,
Sherman, and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan, Cra-
srin, Dixon, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, Mc-
Bougall, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull, and Yates—20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
branch of the amendment is rejected, and the
question now recurs on the second branch, to
insert after line two hundred and ninety-three
of section seven the words:
Provided, That all machinery contracted for in
f:aod liiiLli bel'iirt: January 1,1867, shall be admitted
at the rate of duty provided for bylaw at the date of
said contract.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How are you going to
tell that?
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be determined
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe.
Several Members. Oh, no; vote it down.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it ought to be
adopted, and I will state the reason why. The
case does not stand, as the Senator from Indiana
stated, on the same basis as imported goods
bought in the open market. The date is fixed
at which this bill is to go into effect, the 1st of
April. That gives time for all goods that have
already been bought in good faith to come in
under the present rates of duty, which is mani-
festly proper, because the Government has told
