1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. JVenhcorth.
Ho. of Reps.
hereafter my vote will depend more upon
my preference for any pending bill over the
existing law than upon my opinion of its ab-
stract merits. The duties of the pending bill
are said to be very high ; but we must remem-
ber that the duties under the present inade-
quate laws average forty-eight and fifty-eight
hundredths per cent, upon all dutiable imports,
and forty-three and nineteen hundredths per
cent, upon our total imports. At the time the
Morrill tariff bill, so called, was passed, much
was said against it. Yet, from that day to this,
its opponents have never offered a general sub-
stitute for it. The war being over, the condition
of the country being changed, Mr. Morrill,
as chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, assists in preparing another bill as a
substitute for his own bill (so called) of 1861.
His last bill is opposed by the same interest,
and in many instances by the identical men
and newspapers, that opposed his bill of 1861,
and have ever since opposed it. What would
these men and newspapers have? Where is
their bill? Have they not a single friend on
this floor to introduce it? I am committed to
a tariff that will produce revenue enough to
defray all the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I want no internal revenue taxation
except to pay our war debt, and I want to pay
that debt as soon as practicable in order to get
rid of that odious and oppressive taxation. I
can disinterestedly examine the provisions of
any tariff bill that will produce the requisite
revenue. There is but one bill pending. Those
opposing this bill dare not trust themselves to
propose a substitute. We must enact the pend-
ing bill, drawn to meet present exigencies, or
fall back upon the inadequate law of 18G1 with
its temporary amendments, which law has
always been denounced, be it remembered, by
the same interest that denounces the pending
bill. The present laws being inadequate to the
present condition of the country, I am for
revising them. There is, I regret to say, but
one pending substitute for them. 1 am nar-
rowed down to a choice between Morrill
of 1861, before the war, and Morrill of 1867,
after the war; for he who opposes the pending
bill must either defend the existing laws as
adequate to present Government necessities,
or propose a substitute, which no one has yet
done. As a means of revenue it is pronounced
greatly superior to the existing law; and if
in the end its revenues do not prove adequate,
we must revise it so that they will. It is possi-
ble that this House may so amend this bill as
to improve it both for revenue and protection.
But if it does not suit evervbody, the course
of Senator Wright, of New York, in 1842 fur-
nishes a good example. He was decidedly
opposed to the bill, and so wero all his polit-
ical friends. Yet he deemed the existing law
entirely inadequate. His vote could pass or
defeat the bill. And I commend his remarks,
taken from the Globe of that day, upon giving
his vote for it, to the members of this Hoase:
"After the most mature and anxious reflection he
had eome to the conclusion that it was his duty toTote
for this measure, because he assumed that this bill
must pass in the fortn it now bears or that no revenue
law can pass at the present session. If he was correct
in this assumption, then he could not avoid the con-
clusion ho had announced; and he did not suppose
there was a single member of either House of Con-
gress who supposed for a moment that if this bill be
rejected upon this vote, any further attempt is to be
made at this session to pass a rovenue bill. The
alternative presented, then, is this bill or none; and
the deep and deliberate conviction of his iniiul was
that this bill should pass, bad and loaded with defects
as he believed it to be, rather than that none should
past."
Having determined to raise through the tariff
and miscellaneous resources of the Govern-
ment revenue enough to defray its ordinary
expenses, there certainly can be no difference
of opinion as to the manner of raising it upon
articles that have no competition in this coun-
try. We must tax heavily luxuries, and lightly
necessities. It is only upon articles competing
with our domestic products upon which mucE
difference can arise in apportioning our tariff
duties. Now, it must be kept in mind that the
contest is between the pending bill and a law
enacted before the war, when we had no war
taxes. Assuming that the discrimination be-
tween foreign and domestic labor was right in
1861, ici it not right that that discrimination t
should now be increased by the amount of the |
war tax? If I live upon the Canadian frontier
I cannot pay my war taxes and compete upon
equal terms in the markets of the United States
with a farmer who lives across the line and
therefore pays no war taxes. The pending bill
makes the foreigner dealing in the United ,
States markets pay the war taxes of the citi-
zen whose products he crowds out. You may
call this home protection if you please, but it
is really nothing more nor less than equalizing
taxation upon all men sending their products
to the United States markets. It is simply
telling men residing abroad who manufacture
for the United States markets that their goods
cannot escape taxation by their own non-resi-
dence. Under the reciprocity treaty, for in-
stance, the Canadians had all the advantages of
ourmarkets and escaped all ourtaxation. This
held out inducements to our farmers to move
across the line. Looking at tho imports of
last year our farmers will see that animals to
the amountof $1,600,000 were imported. The
owners of them may have been rebels, or rebel
sympathizers, or fugitives from the draft. Yet
they had our markets on more favorable terms
than our own citizens, burdened with the war
tax.
Much prejudice existed before the war with
agriculturists, and with none more than my-
self, against the whole policy of discriminating
in favor of resident manufacturers, because
while all duties fall very disproportionately
upon themselves they never realize any of
that incidental protection which manufacturers
labor to secure in every tariff bill. But agri-
culturists have no one so much as themselves
to blame for this, since they were so zealous
in opposition to all the discriminating tariff
bills that they took no trouble to see that their
own interests were as well protected as those
of others in those that did pass. Thus, while
the ever vigilant manufacturer did his best to
keep foreign fabrics from our market, it was
the wool-grower's fault that the manufacturer
was allowed the whole world in which to pur-
chase his wool. The manufacturer raised the
cry that Americans must patronize American
manufacturers; but it had never occurred to
the wool-grower then to raise the cry that
American manufacturers should only manu-
facture from American wool. It was the busi-
ness of wool-manufacturers to take care that
they had no foreign competition, while the wool-
growers were writing, talking, and dreaming
of the glories of free trade at the same time
that they were paying highly-protective prices
for their cloths and losing money from the
competition of foreign wools. So the men
who raised flaxseed were, in their indifference,
encouraging free ports to the seed, while the
manufacturers of the oil from the seed were
closing our ports to the foreign oil.
The alternative of free trade is direct taxation ;
but it took the late war to make the agricultu-
rists really feel the alternative. Our internal
revenue system has learned them that free trade
is one thing to the ear and another to the pocket.
They now understand that the easiest way of
raising a revenue is through the tariff; and they
are organizing to take the same advantage of
its incidents that the manufacturers have always
done. The woolen manufacturers have an or-
ganization, every member of which pays twenty-
five dollars for initiation and heavy contribu-
tions from time to time besides. They also pay
an agent about five thousand dollars per annum
to watch the legislation of the country and to
gather up statistics to influence it. The wool-
growers of Illinois, numbering thousands, hare
teas than one hundred in their organization, and
'each member pays but one dollar. I presume
they have been, perhaps are now, equally indif-
ferent to organization in other States. To show
the untiring vigilance of tho manufacturing
interest, it will be remembered that after this
House had passed the general tariff bill, with
both wool and woolens exactly as the manufac-
turers consented to have them, and after the bill
had been postponed by the aid of Senators from
manufacturing districts, this House, in sympa-
thy with the wool-growers, passed a bill for tho
protection of wool alone. This bill the manu-
facturing interest in the Senate prevented from
passing. This House, in despair of any tariff
bill getting through the Senate, finally passed
one giving American products the advantages
of what is known as a home valuation. Here'
the wool manufacturer turned up again and took
advantage of the greater proportion of Senators
from manufacturing States to deprive the grow-
ers of the coarse wools of even this small advan-
tage, as the third proviso of the ninth section of
the act of last session will prove. The Senate
amended the bill, and the manufacturers thus
surrendered the coarse wool-growers in fear of
losing it. This bill makes that matter all right)
however. By making a discrimination in the
classes of wool, manufacturers have a great ad-
vantage through the ignorance and venality of
custom-house inspectors. For it is a general
rule that where there are different duties upon
different qualities of the same article the lowest
duty is the one that isin vatjably collected. Thus,
out of the $10,000,000 of wool importations last
year §3,500,000 were valued at twelve cents
or less; and over five and one half millions at
twenty-four cents or less ; while only $153,000
were valued at "over twenty-four cents. I do
not believe in tho honesty of such a valuation.
Farmers should imitate the persistent energy
of the manufacturers, and allow but one duty
upon all classes of wool. A uniform duty
would not only break up the fraud at the cus-
tom-house, but is just in itself; for the very
coarsest of carpet-wools abound in the regions
of New Mexico, and need only the encourage-
ment given to finer wools to come into general
use. If we are to discriminate at all in our tariff,
it should be to encourage infant and struggling
industries and to develop dormant resources.
It is agreed on all sides that this country raises
only about half the wool used in it, and yet m
New Mexico it is hardly worth saving, so great
is the foreign competition. It is untrue that
there is any kind of wool used in the United
States that cannot, if properly protected, be
profitably grown therein.
I have alluded to this matter of wool mora
particularly because the opponents of all dis-
criminating tariffs argue that they invariably
protect the manufacturer at the expense of tho
farmer. I want to satisfy the farmer that it has-
been his own fault that such has been the case.
Instead of opposing all tariffs, he should help
make them. The manufacturers are wealthier,
more compact, and better organized, and employ
the very shrewdest of lobby agents, who can „
in the social circle raise the most effective cry
of distress, and in committee dictate a specific
duty or an ad valorem, a classification, a pro-
viso, an inclusion or exclusion of cost and
charges, &c., as may best suit the interests of
their employers. And this is the reason that
in framing our tariffs the manufacturers have
so often gained an undue advantage over the
farmers. But the farmers are the most numerous
and can always take care of themselves when
they resolve upon it. Tfceir hope is in educa-
ting themselves in the technical language .of
tariff laws, and in the efforts of their repre-
sentatives to see that no one is prote'eted at
their expense. I repudiate the whole theory of
protecting manufactores by furnishing cheaply
the raw material, unless we mean to cheapen
it by taking off all the Government taxes from
our farmers. If the American farmer is to be
taxed upon his crops of all kind, then thefts'x
should be added to the price at which he sells.
