HQ
TH1 OOMxRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
its citizens that they could import goods at cer-
tain rates, and on the faith of that law they
have bought goods and they ought to be allowed
to bring them in at that rate. Everybody ad-
mits that. I wish now to.bring machinery con-
tracted foi: under the same rule, becatase yon
cannot go into the market and buytiiachinery
as you can buy cotton .and woolen goods, car-
pets, and pig iron. It is not there; it is not
ihade to order and sold in the markets of Eu-
rope ; but it is contracted for. Therefore if
you mean to give to the "importer of machinery
the same advantage you give to the importer
of any other goods, you must give him, after he
has contracted for the manufacture, the same
privilege y6u give to others for the purchase
of goods. It is manifestly inequitable to do
otherwise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If this machinery be kept
out of the country by this tariff, does not that
enable the American manufacturers to make
the machinery and" thus protect them?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly not, because
the machinery is already contracted for. The
question is whether, you will allow a man to
bring in his machinery at the rate of duty you
t6ld him he might when he agreed to have it
manufactured, or whether, after he has made
his contract on the faith of your tariff, you will
increase the duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what distinction the Senator would make be-
tween that case and the one I will state. A
man imports a certain quantity of goods, no
matter of what kind, and puts them in bond;
and we pass a tariff bill, as we have done repeat-
edly, saying that upon those very goods in bond
imported under that tariff he shall pay a higher
duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. But you put the operation
of the new tariff sufficiently ahead to let him
take his goods out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Repeatedly not. Some-
times we have made the bill go into effect the
day it passes.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I think the Senator
himself agreed with me that it was a very
unjust proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice at one
time that in that particular bill I would exempt
goods in bond, but that afterward in all tariffs
I would insist upon putting on the duties of the
new bill at once, and I have acted on that prin-
ciple. In regard to this bill we have named
the 1st day of April as the day for it to take
effect. Whether that will be agreed to by the
House, whether they will not put it sooner, or
whether they will not put it precisely as the
original bill was, that it should take effect im-
mediately upon its passage, I do not know.
Mr. ANTHONY. We shall have to do as
the Senator says about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very likely that
the House will disagree to the time we have
fixed, and then that will be a matter of com-
promise. Perhaps we have put it too far ahead.
At any rate, it is only an expression of opinion
on the part of the Senate, and at the time it
was agreed to perhaps we did not think suffi-
ciently of the ease with which an order can now
go to Europe, and how our country might be
filled up between now and the 1st day of April.
Since we passed the last tariff bill the Atlantic
telegraph has been put in operation.
I only say this to show that it is uncertain
what will finally be done on that point, and
that any operations founded upon our action
by people who send out orders simply because
the Senate have fixed the 1st of April may
prove entirely fallacious. But at any rate, as
we have adopted that principle, and acted upon
it in tariff after tariff, I see no reason why the
importers of machinery not yet made should
not precisely come under the same operation,
and if they bring it in pay the duty prescribed.
I have no idea of legislating exclusively for
the benefit of those who are rich enough to
send out and get their machinery made abroad
and imported here at the same time that we
put a heavy duty on anybody else who im-
ports it.
January 25,
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not require any
richer man to import machinery at sixty-six
cents than it does to manufacture it here at a
dollar, and I think this amendment places the
importer of machinery on precisely the same
platform as the importer of other articles.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr.' CONNESS. I now renew the first part
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,] only sub-
stituting fifty-five for sixty per cent.; so as to
make the clause read:
On all machinery not herein otherwise provided
for, composed in part of iron or steel or any other
metal or material, complete or in parts, fifty-five per
cent, ad valorem,
Mr. CATTELL. I hope that amendment
will prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend by
striking out lines thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen
of section eight, on page 38, in these words:
On cooper ore, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On regulus of copper, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
On copper in pigs, ingots, or bars, four cents per
pound.
And in lieu of them to insert:
On all copper imported in the form of ore, three
cents per pound.
On copper imported in the form of regulus, four
cents per pound.
On copper in pigs, ingots, or bars, five cents per
pound.
Some years ago, before the imposition of
internal revenue taxes, the duty on copper
was fixed at two and a half cents per pound,
which was an ample protection to our copper
mines at that time. From time to time, as
taxation increased, it was discovered that the
miners, those engaged in mining copper, actu-
ally paid a larger amount of duty in the form
of internal revenue to Government than the
amount which purported to protect them.
Under a duty of two and a half cents per pound
tlie mines were prosperous and went on in-
creasing until the product of the Lake Superior
mines alone amounted to about ten thousand
tons per annum, and we shipped many hun-
dreds and for aught I know many thousands of
tons to France, because our copper was of a
purer and better quality, softer, and more mal-
leable than copper obtained elsewhere. But
since the great increase of the internal revenue
taxation many of our mines have stopped
working, and our product has now fallen from
ten thousand tons or thereabouts to near six
or seven thousand tons per annum.
Under this duty, as I am assured by the
miners, by those interested in the mines, they
wiil be compelled to stop entirely. The ten
per cent, imposed by the bill is of course upon
the foreign valuation—the valuation in Cuba
or Chili or wherever the ore comes from—
and it is almost an inappreciable tax. I pro-
pose to place a definite tax upon the ore after
it is smelted. The progenitors of this tariff
bill have gone'upon the presumption that ore
was a raw material. The whole expense of
the ore is in the labor of getting it out of the
mines, and the ore is then just within three
per cent, of ingot copper. It costs only three
per cent, to smelt the ore into ingot copper.
I propose, therefore, to make a distinction of
one cent a pound between copper in the ore
and regulus which has gone through one pro-
cess of smelting, and one cent between regu-
lus and copper in the bar.
I have before me the sworn testimony taken
before the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives of some of the
most refutable gentlemen engaged in this min-
ing business. They show that prior to last
winter each one hundred pounds of copper
mined in Lake Superior actually paid into the
Treasury of the United States $4 63; but last
winter $1 08 was taken off in the shape of direct
internal revenue taxes, leaving $3 ,55, the
amount which is now paid into the Treasury
upon every one hundred pounds of copper
raised from the mine. I do not propose to
place the amount of duty as high as th& amount
now actually paid into the Treasury hi the
form of internal revenue taxation. The amount
of internal revenue taxes paid upon one hundred
pounds can be ascertained to a perfect cer-
tainty, because the owners of every mine are
compelled to keep a store to supply their
operatives with everything they consume; and
in this sworn testimony, as I see, t.hey have
shown that they paid $3 63 upon every hun-
dred of ore that was raised, and now they pay
$3 55. I now propose to fix a duty of three
cents per pound on foreign ore smelted, and I
think any man at all acquainted with the min-
ing operations of the country will say that that
is certainly reasonable and just and proper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Whenever the duty is
raised upon copper as the gentleman proposes,
then again the argument will be urged that we
have heard so often, "You have put aveiy
high tariff upon the raw iqaterial^and now you
must add to theduties upon every manufactured
article into which that material enters;" and
thatillustratesjit seems to me, the folly of im-
posing these high duties upon what constitute
raw materials for the manufacturing business
of the country. This bill already adds veiy
much to the duties upon copper. On copper
ore the bill places a duty of ten per cent, ad
valorem.; the present tariff is five per cent, ad
valorem; so that this bill, as it was reported by
the committee, doubles the duty upon copper
ore, and it would seem that that ought to be a
sufficient advance of the duty upon the raw
material. Then on the regulus of copper the
bill of the committee puts a duty of twenty per
cent, ad valorem, while the present duty is
only five per cent. Here is an increase from
five per cent, to twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is only ten per cent,
in the bill.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made it fif-
teen per cent, on regulus of copper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see that I was mis-
taken; I was referring to the report of the
commissioner instead of the report of the
committee. The committee propose fifteen
per cent, duty on regulus of copper, and the
present tariff is five per cent. On copper in
pigs, ingots, or bars the present tariff is two
and a half cents ; the committee report four
cents a pound, which is nearly double.
This copper is a raw material. It is pro-
duced from the mines in this country. It is
very essential in the construction of ships and
vessels, and if such a duty be imposed as to
make copper much more expensive the entire
business of ship-building in the United States
will be transferred to Europe. Besides, this
copper is used in very many other ways, and
it is stated that those engaged in the pro-
duction of this ore are not successful in their
business, or that they do not produce as much
now as they did at a former day. That may
be attributable to many causes. I do not know
that it is to be assumed that this reduction in
the production of copper is attributable to the
lowness of the tariff or to importations into
this country; it may have been produced by
other causes. I have seen statements in the
newspapers—and my attention was called to
them from the fact that the tariff bill was
pending, and this copper question was one that
would be considered before the Senate—to the
effect that the copper business was prospering,
that new mines had been discovered, that the
amount of copper produced was increasing,
and that those engaged in the business were
engaged in a profitable business. They were
mere newspaper statements though, and per-
haps not entitled to very much confidence. I
only mention them because upon these sub-
jects there are always more or less ponflicting
statements.
But, Mr. President, it seems to me, in view
of the other interests of the country, in con-
sideration of the fact that this is a raw mate-
rial,'the addition of one hundred per cent, to
the present duty is as much as ought to be
imposed at this time, and I hope that tMs
amendment will not prevail.
