140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Wentworth.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Foreign farmers have no such tax to add to
their price, and consequently they can under-
sell the American farmer to the extent of the
tax, and thereby furnish the raw material
cheaper to the American manufacturer than
the American citizen can. This policy, although
adopted in some instances before the war with- 1
out much complaint, because never seriously j
felt, can never be consented to so long as war ,
taxes are levied. I believe in adjusting this
tariff matter equitably between the manufac-
turing and agricultural interests upon the prin-
ciple that the welfare of either is dependent
upon the home market furnished by the other.
A prosperous agriculture, furnishing a reliable
home market, is a better encouragement to
manufactures than cheap foreign raw material.
And prosperous home manufactures are a better ■
protection to agriculture than cheap foreign
fabrics. Unless the protection is extended to
agriculture, in the end it will have to be aban-
doned, and our tariff laws be made to consist
of a single section, fixing but one rate of duty, i
If we open a debt and credit system between i
our ordinary expenditures and our receipts j
from the tariff, the much-needed stability in !
our tariff laws will require us to scan well all
our appropriations in order to render uniform
our expenditures through a series of years;
and when this uniformity is once attained we
shall have nothing to quarrel about except the
amount of discrimination inside the revenue
point to be apportioned upon domestic articles
coming in competition with foreign. If we
provide for ordinary expenses through duties
upon imports we shall require excise duties
only for our extraordinary expenses. I refer
to those growing out of the war. Now, our
interest requires $133,000,000; and this sum for
annual interest alone exceeds by $6,000,000
the whole amount of our public debt in 1816,
when it was greater than at any time before the
rebellion. It also exceeds by $48,000,000 the
whole amount of the revenue raised in the high-
est year before the rebellion. To such an enor-
mous amount, reduced only aa we reduce our
debt, is the industry of the country to be an-
nually taxed for interest alone. But no one
proposes to limit our annual payments to inter-
est. Every one urges that we must pay some-
thing annually to the liquidation of our public
debt; and no one has suggested less than
$50,000,000. Even this slow process of liqui-
dating our public debt would require an annual
taxation of $183,000,000 even if the ordinary
expenses were paid, as before suggested. I
prefer an earlier liquidation of the public
debt; but I do not see where the money is to
come from. For the fiscal year ending the
30th of June last we raised $309,000,000 from
excises alone. But there was great complaint
of excessive taxation from all quarters. Peti-
tions and delegations came for relief with the
opening of Congress; and the Committee of
Ways and Means were busy, not only mornings
and evenings, but during the sessions of the
House, as our absence when the ayes and noes
were called will show, for six months in trying
to make every reduction compatible with the
necessities of the Government. But great as
those reductions were they failed to satisfy the
public, and we have had to travel the ground
all over again at this session. The committee
have ha<J to listen to even louder complaints
from unsuccessful industries than at the last
session. While our people were very patient
under all the burdens of the war, it is useless
to try to disguise the f®ct that they are becoming
very restive under their present excessive taxa-
tion. , . '
Besides the reductions under new legislation,
the fall in prices, decrease of business, and less-
ening of incomes since the war, will greatly re-
duce the internal revenue receipts. And our
people will not consent in peace to an increase
of a war tax that has once been lessened nor
to its reenactment after it has once been re-
pealed. The revised estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury give us but $240,000,000,
where we got $309,000,000 last year. I have
examined the official returns for seven months
ending 1st February, and we get $184,000,000
against $200,000,000 last year; and the in-
comes are nearly all included, and embrace
$47,700,000 of this sum. They were estimated
at $50,500,000. And the people are still cry-
ing for reduction; and the difficulty consists not
only in determining the amount of reduction,
but also the articles upon which the reduction
shall take place. We have had more speeches
in the rooms of the Committee of Ways and
Means than there have been made in this
House; we have had earlier and later ses-
sions ; and we have labored under the disad-
vantage of having no hour rule and no
previous question. And while this immense
lobby have been urgent to take off taxation
from their particular interest, not one of
them, although frequently asked, has been
able to name any articles upon which he
could make good the amount of revenue from
which they wished us to relieve them. Ap-
pearances indicate that the internal revenue
will be nearer $233,000,000 than $240,000,000.
This would pay our interest and leave $100,-
000,000 to apply upon our debt. Calling that
debt $2,500,000,000, this would extinguish
it in twenty-five years. If we reduce our in-
ternal revenue to $183,000,000, we shall have
but $50,000,000 to apply upon our debt, and
then it will take fifty years to extinguish it.
Although I would prefer the shortest period,
yet I would not be captious upon that point, as
I do not regard the exact amount of so much
importance as I do that a definite amount
should be agreed upon. The Secretary of the
Treasury says, in his last report, "With proper
economy in all the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, the debt can be paid by the genera-
tion that created it." I believe this, and am
for economy everywhere as the best means of
bringing it about. But whether the debt is to
be paid in this generation or the next, I deem
of minor importance compared with having a
fixed financial policy. Let us agree upon the
amount we shall raise annually, and then let us
only discuss the means of raising it in a way
that will be the least oppressive to the people.
We cannot do this understanding^ until the
amount has been agreed upon. Let the tariff
revenues support the Government. Let the
internal revenue pay the public interest and a
fixed amount upon the public debt. This
being done, we are confined in our discussion
to the same thing in both cases, namely: what
articles can best bear taxation, and what can
best be exempted from it. I think in time we
can settle upon some twenty or thirty articles
that will give us all the internal revenue we
want; for if we do not add to our debt, but go
on extinguishing a definite amount of our oner-
ous debt yearly, the falling off of our interest
will be perceptibly felt. When we get our
whisky laws so framed that the tax cannot be
evaded, we shall nearly double our revenue
from that source. If the bill of the present
session will not do the work, we must make
one still stronger. A nation that suffered so
much to enforce its laws against the rebels
cannot afford to have them defied by distillers.
In this way, if you increased your ordinary ex-
penses you would have to revise the tariff; and
if you increased your debt you would have to
revise your internal revenue system. Thus
would our present obscure financial system
be brought to the comprehension of the great
mass of the tax-payers, and they could the bet-
ter bring to deserved accountability every one
of their servants for their votes upon bills in-
creasing public expenditures.
On one account I should prefer $100,000,000
as the annual sinking fund to $50,000,000, and
even a greater sum if our people could endure
it. From the commencement of the public
debt I have had great fears from the conse-
quences of the constitutional inability of our
State and municipal authorities to tax United
States bonds. I cannot say how large a portion
of our bonds are held abroad. The Secretary
of the Treasury, however, estimates the amount
at $350,000,000. I often hear complaints that
this country is drained to so large an extent of
its specie to pay its foreign interest. State
and other bonds, however, to the amount of
$250,000,000 have also to be paid in specie
abroad. Yet when I reflect how much can so
justly be said against a privileged class at
home, I regret that our bonds cannot to better
advantage all be held abroad. Already do the
real-estate holders begin to feel the effects of
increased taxation in consequence of ths with-
drawal of so large an amount of personal
property from taxation by its investment in
United States bonds. There are men and cor-
porations that have United States bonds rang-
ing all the way from one thousand to one mil-
lion dollars, and perhaps more, who pay not
one cent to the support of their State, county,
or city government, whilst merchants, me-
chanics, operatives, and even decrepit soldiers
are oppressively taxed for the same purpose.
Productive property, more productive than the
mass of real estate in the country, to the
amount of over two billions thus escapes State
and local taxation. During the war and since,
taking advantage of times seemingly prosper-
ous from the exuberance of our irredeemable
currency, many of our States, counties, and
cities have been extremely prodigal in their
expenditures and have burdened their citizens
with a taxation that is equaling that of the
most oppressive of any portion of the Old
World. Many of them now are paying no
regard to the times, and are running in debt as
recklessly as ever. People thus taxed see no
just reason why their wealthier next-door
neighbor should be exempted from taxation
merely because he has converted his property
into exempted United^?tates bonds. For this
creation of a privileged class in this country,
neither our laws, nor our courts furnish a
remedy. And the people are already raising
such a cry of indignation against it that I think
nothing will appease them but the satisfaction
that our debt is fast being extinguished. In
view of this fact, I would favor the largest sum
for annual payment that might be proposed if
within reach of the ability of our people. But
I should want it expressly understood that not
another bond should be legalized. I would
make the tariff pay for our entire Government
expenses, and the internal revenues pay for
our interest and sinking fund; and I would
levy my imposts and excises in such a way as
would best resuscitate the energies of the
country and give all our industries a better
home market.
This policy fairly discussed before the peo-
ple would be almost unanimously approved.
But from causes well known, it is difficult to
turn the attention of the people in that direc-
tion except at that particular time when the
tax-gatherer comes around ; and then the ad-
vocates of anincreased national debt, the profli-
gates, the corruptionists, the claim agents,
the lobbyists, thft- gamblers, the jobbers, the
speculators, the advocates of high salaries, fees,
and perquisites, the drones, &c., try to recon-
cile the tax-payer to his unnecessary oppres-
sion by recommending an expansion of the
currency to the extent of his increased taxa-
tion.
So far as providing for the past is concerned,
I can have no difficulty with any paper-money
advocate; but I ask reliable guarantees for
the future. Any way through our present vol-
ume of paper money to relieve our people from
the burdens of their annual interest and their
sinking fund would be gratifying to me. But
I want a guarantee in advance from such men
that not only shall our expenditures and our
public debt not be increased, but that every
laudable effort shall be made to decrease them.
I want to get this subject before our people
