1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment
■will prevail. I represent a constituency that
is not engaged in manufacturing at all, but
still I am willing to vote for high tariffs on the
articles they consume, because I want them
to buy from the people of the United States.
The United States are building railroads to us
and improving the country, and I prefer to
buy in the United States. I think the good of
the country requires that these articles should
be protected in a reasonable way.
In regard to this matter of copper, the Sen-
ate may not be aware that we have on the
Pacific coast and in the interior of the coun-
try, between that and the-Mississippi valley, a
large amount of copper ore, veins undevel-
oped, but which are very rich. The other tax-
ation upon the production of copper ore is so
great that the mines on the Pacific coast re-
main undeveloped. A mine in California
must be very rich, very superior to one in
Chili to justify working it so as to come in
competition with the product of the latter. In
consequence of the high price our miners have
to pay for their supplies, their clothing, and
everything they consume, as compared with
the cost of the same articles in Chili, the same
class of copper mines cannot be worked there
so as to compete with Chili. As the mining
of copper is comparatively in its infancy in the
United States, and we have an abundance of
copper ore—enough to supply the world if
we could only- develop it—it seems to me that
it should be protected, and I hope that the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan will
prevail.
A duty of ten per cent, ad valorem, on copper
ore imported is no protection. It is the most
difficult thing in the world to ascertain the real
value of it, and the provision can be evaded
without the slightest difficulty in regard to the
ores from Mexico and South America. If we
are to have our. mines developed under the
existing state of things we must have some
protection, to this product.
Mr. CHANDLER. The mistake the Sen-
ator from Oregon makes is in considering cop-
per ore a raw material. As I said, it just costs
three per cent, to smelt it; it is within three
per cent, of ingot copper, and hence the error
the committee have made in making so great a
discrimination between the copper ore and
ingot copper. The fact is that copper mining
has been carried on at a loss with prices at
from twenty-eight to thirty cents, when six
years ago it was carried on at a profit at prices
from sixteen to twenty cents.
Such is the fact to-day. The increase in the
price of labor, the. increase of the cost of living,
and the increase of the cost of transportation
have carried the expenses up to double. If
there has been a profit anywhere in copper
mining it has been with the smelters, who had
this large advantage over the miners.
As has been justly said by the Senator from
Nevada, ten per cent, duty on the ore is almost
inappreciable, because it is the duty paid on
the value in Chili or Peru or wherever the
ore comes from, without counting the addi-
tional cost of transportation. I ask for a less
duty on the copper after it is smelted than is
to-day and has been paid in the shape of inter-
nal revenue tax upon every hundred pounds
of copper raised in the United States. Cer-
tainly it is just and right and proper that we
should have the same protection, which would
be three and fifty-five hundredths cents instead
of three cents a pound, which is all I propose.
I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I find in a journal enti-
tled the American Mining Index a statement
of the production of copper in one county in the
State of Michigan, the county Keweenaw, and
I find there this extract from a paper published
in that county:
" It appears upon comparison with the previous
year (I860) that although thevewere less mine? work-
ing in the district, nevertheless there was a gratify-
ing increase in the lumber of tons of copper shipped
the present season irver tho previous one of three
hundred and eighty-nine tons."
I find that from that one county there were
shipped last year three thousand six hundred
and twenty-three tote and eight hundred and
ninety-one pounds of copper, and the increase
over the previous year, in round numbers, was
three hundred and eighty-nine tons, showing
that the production of copper in that one
county amounted to between three and four
thousand tons, and that the production in-
creased in 1866 over that of 1865. On this
statement I do not think the business is suffer-
ing ; I do not think this tariff is necessary to
enable those engaged in this mining business
to prosecute their labor and produce copper.
And, sir, if copper be not a raw material,
there is no such thing as a raw material. There
is comparatively, with the many other interests-
into which copper enters, but a small propor-
tion of capital employed in the production of
copper ore; and it is manifest that if this ex-
cessive protection is given to the capital and
the labor employed in the production of cop-
per ore—digging this ore out of the ground—
other great interests in the country which can-
not be prosecuted without the use of copper
must necessarily suffer. It is a fact—it does
not seem to have much weight here, but it is a'
fact—that the ship-buildine business of this
country is rapidly crossing the ocean, and that
that immense interest is passing into the hands
of the British ship-builders. A tax of this
kind upon copper will further tend to drive
that business out of the country, and prevent
persons who otherwise might engage in the
business of building ships from engaging in
that pursuit.
Mr. FOSTER. - The Senator will excuse me
for interrupting him on that point. I can in-
form him that in tho largest ship-building dis-
trict in this country at the present time there
is but one ship on the stocks. I do not think,
therefore, the business will be diminished a
great deal.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me tell the Senator
from Oregon that there is a clause in this very
bill giving a drawback on all copper and iron
materials used in ship-building. I think that
very unjust, but I shall not attack it if my
amendment prevails.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is true, that drawback
is provided for; but I do not think that is a
sufficient reason why the tariff on copper
should be increased in the manner proposed by
the Senator from Michigan. I only refer to
ship-building as an illustration. I suppose
copper is used in a great many other ways
beside in the business of building ships, and
this will affect all the interests in which the use
of copper is necessary.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Oregon from what paper it was that he
read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This paper is entitled
the American Mining Index, and the extract
contained in it which I read is taken from the
Keweenaw Times.
Mr. HOWARD. I fancy the article in that
gaper simply relates to one single mine, which
happens to have been very fortunate. I am
somewhat familiar with the gentlemen engaged
in the mining interests in my State, and it is
the uniform complaint with those gentlemen
that the internal revenue tax upon their in-
dustry has been so onerous that it has produced
the effect of discouraging the working of the
mines, although there has been a small duty on
the imported article. They have been the
losers between the upper and nether millstone.
The duty upon the imported article has not
been sufficient by any means to counterbalance
the burden imposed upon them under the inter-
nal revenue laws; and instead of making money
from this business, I believe it to be true that
for the last year or so, as a general fact, they
have been losing; and the fact is undoubtedly
true that the companies are getting discouraged
and are upon the point, many of them at least,
of giving up their business and going into
liquidation in consequence of the burdens which
are thus imposed upon them.
I really hope that this amendment of my
colleague will be adopted. 1 think the country
in the end will derive a very great benefit from
it, because it will tend to encourage the pro-
duction of copper, an article that enters into
almost all the machinery of the country, upon
railroads, upon ships, and almost every other
description of machinery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was anxious myself
that such duties should be placed upon copper
as would tend to increase the manufacture of
of it and protect it, and I thought this bill waa
so arranged as to accomplish that purpose. If
the Senators from Michigan think it is not, I
have no objection to letting them have it their
own way, so far as I am individually concerned;
but rny opinion is, derived from the best infor-
mation I can obtain on the subject, that the
course they are taking is destroying their own
object. Take copper ore. Nobody thinks of
laying a very heavy duty oil the ore or regulus
of copper. There is a very small quantity im-
ported, and it is imported for the purpose of
working the copper ores of this country. They
cannot be worked without it, and that is what
it is used for, and for that purpose it is imported
to a small extent. Those who manufacture
copper from imported ore mix it with the
ores of California or the ores of Michigan in
order to work it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is all a mistake, I
suppose, but I get it from people who are en-
gaged in the business, who import it for that
purpose, and who seem to be very much inter-
ested in it. The statement certainly applies to
the ores of California.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not apply to the
Michigan ores.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to think
it does. The idea of imposing this very high
duty upon ore which comes in in such small
quantities for the mere purpose of being mixed
with our ores, and especially for the benefit of
the copper mines on the Pacific coast, whose
ore cannot be worked without it, is to me some-
what mysterious.
In order to protect copper you must build up
the manufacture of copper. It is of no use to
get out the ore and not manufacture it in this
country. You must, therefore, do something
to help the manufacturers reduce it to shape,
and that is the principal and about the only
purpose for which foreign copper ore is intro-
duced. Even though that is the case, the
committee have doubled the duty on copper
ore, putting it up from five per cent, to ten
per cent., and trebled the duty on regulus
of copper, putting that up from five to fifteen
per cent.; and with reference to copper in
pigs, we have carried that duty up from two
and one half to four cents a pound. The
House put it at five cents. I think the rates we
have fixed are high enough for all purposes,
and that on the ore and on the regulus, if any
fault can be found with it, is too high, and it
will only produce an injurious effect on the
very result my friends from Michigan want to
accomplish, and that is a larger production.
But, sir, I am not going to contest the matter.
It is their interest particularly, and if they are
willing to take the risk 1 am willing to let them
do it, as far as I am concerned, though I can-
not vote for it, because it is against my judg-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Gentlemen call ore a
raw material. -1 have seen ores taken out of
the mines in blocks yielding ninety-seven per
cent, of pure copper and weighing four or live
thousand pounds. In other words, they are
copper blocks and yet they are ore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is so pure and so
much superior to all other copper ore, why is
copper ore brought from foreign countries at
all?
Mr. CHANDLER. Because it is more ex-
pensive to get out. It has to be cut out with a
cold chisel, and it is more expensive to mine
it than it is to mine ore that has only four or
five per cent. It is more expensive also to get
it to market. And yet copper so taken from
the mine in this way is called a raw material;
and men talk of these blocks of pure copper,
