U2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26$
Ho. op Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Wentivorth.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
tion without disturbing the stability of prices,
no great evil could result from an increase. It
is the redemption point that should limit our
Currency issues ; and where there is no redemp-
tion you might as well undertake to limit the
speculative propensities of "poor fallen man''
as the amount of the currency inside universal
bankruptcy.
When the Governmeftt fixed the amount of
bank circulation at $300,000,000 the under-
standing was that there should be no other
paper money ; and there was a sort of moral
understanding that if more currency was ever
required it should be supplied by additional cur-
rency given to institutions in States that now
have less than their share ; for the amount was
disproportionate in consequence of the Govern-
ment's obligation to supply the banks then
existing under State authority with national
currency if they would take in their own circu-
lation. Nothing was better understood than
that there should be but one kind of paper cur-
rency, and that should be the currency of the
banks. The Government had then outstanding
a heterogeneous mass of indebtedness, some of
which bore interest and some of which did not.
This was used as a circulating medium, and
when added to the bank circulation made near
nine hundred million dollars, or three times the
amount fixed upon as the amount necessary for
the business wants of the country. The people
were to look to the banks and not to the Gov-
ernment for circulation. The idea of a mixed
circulation, part bank and part Government,
was never dreamed of. This would not only
be unfair, but unprofitable. It would be unfair,
because some States have not got their share
of circulation, which Government could not
cxcuse itself for withholding if it intended to
supply any of the circulation itself. It would
be unprofitable, because if Government could
rightfully supply any portion of the circulation
it could as well supply it all, and thereby save
$18,000,000 in gold interest which it pays to
the banks for their bonds which secures their
$300,000,000 of circulation. The editor of Lit-
tell's Living Age conclusively proves that our
annual interest saved by substituting greenbacks
for the bills of our banks, when reinvested and
compounded, would pay our entire national
debt in forty years. The people are already
asking if that is not the best way in which to
pay it. It would certainly be for the interest
of the Government to get rid of the banks alto-
gether, and cancel the gold interest-bearing
bonds that they own with non-interest-bearing
legal tenders. But the good faith of the Gov-
ernment is involved, and repudiation is a crime.
The arrangement with the national banks was
at one time a matter of vital importance to the
Government, and should not be repudiated as
long as they maintain their faith with the Gov-
ernment. They now have on deposit in the
Treasury as security for circulation $340,000,000
and as security for deposits $39,000,000. I
have not the amount of bonds owned by the
banks at the close of the war, but it was some-
what less, of course.
It was of great advantage for the Government
to thus find a market for its bonds and also to
get rid of the State circulation. It was a great
benefit to the people to get not only a uniform
.circulation, and that one secured against any
jsossibility of loss. But three batiks have
tailed to this date, and these failed from a will-
ful violation of the law. There is money in
the United States Treasury to redeem every
one of their bills, and the most of them are yet
in as good circulation as those of solvent banks.
I am for but one kind of currency, and good
faith requires that it should all be given to the
banks; and when we return to specie, so that
we can get a_ measure of our currency necessi-
ties, and we find that more circulation is needed,
equal good faith requires that we should favor
those States that have not their proportionate
share, and this will popularize the system.
But it is contended that the banks have
violated their faith, and that therefore the
Government is under no obligation to support
them in consequence of their universally ac-
knowledged past services. I have not exam-
ined the subject sufficiently to make up my
mind; but the charge looks unreasonable, from
the fact that their officers are generally very
shrewd men. And such men must know that
when the Government can save $18,000,000
in gold per annum by substituting greenbacks
which bear no interest, and also create a sink-
ing fund by reinvesting the interest saved,
there are men enough to find a pretext for a
quarrel between them and the Government.
There is no instance in which the politicians
of any party have organized against any bank-
ing system that it has not been overthrown.
Sometimes the contest has been a prolonged
one, but it has always been expensive and
eventually disastrous to the banks. Not only
are newspapers and candidates for office de-
claring against the present system, but a bill
has been introduced into this House against it,
and has a support so formidable that a very
large number of bankers have visited Con-
gress to resist its passage ; and it is asserted in
the public prints that bankers are now oppos-
ing the very legislation they themselves once
asked for, in fear of adverse instead of favora-
ble legislation—in fear that the bill of Mr.
Randall will be substituted for that of Mr.
Hooper.
It is charged against the bankers that they
are trying to control the legislation of the coun-
try and hold conventions for that purpose;
that they are opposing in every possible way
the return of the Government to a specie basis;
that they owe for their capital in many cases,
and therefore are obliged to accommodate
themselves in their loans instead of business
men who would establish banks of their own,
were they not prevented by the limitations of
the banking law; that they use their influence
to elect their officers and retainers to Congress
in orderto manipulate its legislation ; that they
compel the Government to pay them its dues
in specie, while they sell their coin at a pre-
mium and pay their dues to the Government
in depreciated paper, &c. In substantiation
of the last charge I am pointed to the last bank
report sent to the House, in which they are
reported as having but $8,000,000 of specie on
hand. This would be eight dollars in specie
for every three hundred in paper, or three and
three quarters per cent., while Government
pays them six per cent, in specie every year.
The returns for the 7th of January last show
$16,600,000 in specie. This merely adds, how-
ever, the January three per cent, interest from
the Government, which perhaps they have sold
by this time. If you tell these opponents of
the banking system that the banks always have
a sufficient supply of legal tenders, which under
the governmental policy will soon be equal
to specie, they have a ready answer. It is
this: there are near four hundred million of
greenbacks. Government is prevented from
withdrawing but $4,000,000 per month, and
there is no knowing that its necessities will
allow it to do this, and hence it will be impos-
sible .under any circumstances to get rid of
them so as to bring the banks to the payment
of specie in this way in less than seven years.
And then they say that every banker in Con-
gress and every man in the bank interest wants
to repeal the four million clause and thereby
make Government keep out $400,000,000 to
redeem their $300,000,000 with. My attention
has been called to the fact that such is not the
case with the New England bankers. I think
the records will prove it true of most of the
others.
I have said this much concerning the ex-
pansion of the currency out of deference to
some who profess to favor a reduction of
expenditures, and yet do not appreciate the
fatality of an expansion of the currency to
their object. I have shown that the volume I
of the currency was fixed at $300,000,000, and
that the privilege of issuing it was given to the
banks, now numbering sixteen hundred and
sixty-six. I have shown that when this priv-
ilege was given to the banks to issue this cur-
rency it was with the understanding that all
the floating indebtedness of the Government,
which competed with the bank currency, should
be removed at the convenience of the Govern-
ment, and that the financial officer of the Gov-
ernment, the man responsible for its credit,
should be the judge of such convenience, and
that the national banks should labor to aid
such officer.- They are paid wey to do this.
They get all their exclusive privileges in con-
sequence of the understanding that they will
do this. For this they are allowed the exclu-
sive right to duplicate their bonds. Govern-
ment pays them six per cent, interest in gold
oh their original bonds, and then they ava
allowed to make what they can besides upon
their duplicates, enabling them to declare divi-
dends ranging from ten to twenty per cent. Of
what use can these banks be to Government
if it is compelled to furnish them more than
greenbacks enough to redeem their bills with,
and thereby make the volume of the currency
$700,000,000 instead of $300,000,000, as fixej
by law? It is but a pretext to cover up an
unwarrantable expansion, and thereby encour-
age individual speculation and governmental
profligacy.
But there are those who pretend to be op-
posed to an increase of our national debt and
expenditures, who express fears that we may
be precipitated into specie payments so soon
that we may not be able to maintain them. ■
But we do not propose to resume specie pay-
ments until we have so shaped our legislation
that we can maintain them ; and it is on shap-
ing that legislation that the battle is to be
fought. It will be rery difficult to resume
specie payments under the present tariff; and
this is the opinion of the mass of expansionists,
nearly all of whom are opposing its modifica-
tion. Look at the Canadian and other foreign
papers; look at our own that oppose a con-
traction of the currency, and you see articles
often in the same column opposing contraction
even at the moderate rate of $4,000,000 per
month, and also opposing a change in the tariff.
I know of no paper at the West that opposes
the adoption of a tariff that will produce a
greater revenue than the present one that does
not favor an expansion of the currency. Look
upon the other sidel Take the New York
Tribune for instance, a paper noted for its
ultraism in favor of a revenue tariff that will
discriminate in favor of American industry, and
there you see a change in the tariff and a con-
traction of the currency advocated in the same
column. When papers devoted to opposite
views upon the tariff advocate opposite views
in relation to the currency is there no meaning
in it? Where is there a man better known as
a high tariff man than the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill,]
and would he have made the speech in favor
of contraction he did a few days ago unless he
believed that a return to specie payments would
favor American industry? The same question
might be asked concerning Mr. Greeley, of the
New York Tribune. The bearing of a change
in the tariff upon specie payments seems to
be correctly understood by both sides. No
legislation can force banks to pay specie when
it commands much more than five per cent,
premium. Specie has become a commodity
and is regulated by the great law of supply and
demand. It is scarce in this country because
of the necessity of sending it abroad. The
Secretary of the Treasury estimates our indebt-
ness to England as follows:
United States bonds   .$350,000,000
State and municipal bonds  loO.UOo.OOO
Railroad and other bonds  100,000,000
$600,000,000
