1867.]
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
Tariff—Mr. Wentworth.
Ho. of Reps.
Thus we send out of the country $18,000,000
ever}' six months in specie to pay for interest
alone.
Our imports for the year ending June 30,
I860, were by specie valuation $445,512,158.
To this amount experts in such matters say we
should add about one fifth or twenty per cent,
for smuggling, frauds, and undervaluations,
increasing the amount to say $534,000,000.
Our exports in currency were $565,426 39.
Deducting at least one third for specie, and
we have about. 8377,000,000, leaving about
$157,000,000 of balance of trade against us,
besides the interest before alluded to. Take
six months of the present fiscal year. Our
importsaife $191.41G,181. Add for smuggling,
frauds, and undervaluations one fifth, or twenty
per cent., and we have about $230,000,000.
Our exports for the same time were (reduced
to specie by Mr. Delmar) $120,136,487, leav-
ing a balance against us again of about
$110,000,000, besides the six months interest
of $9,000,000. This draft of specie is still fur- '
ther increased by the large amount expended
by numerous Americans traveling abroad. In
this matter of difference between reckoning the 1
value of our imports and exports the expan- j
sionists again have a common interest with
the opponents of American industry. Our !
exports being valued in paper, they always ap- !
pear between thirty and forty per cent, greater i
than they really are, and thus irredeemable I
paper money repeats its history again by delud-
ing the public with fictitious prosperity, often-
times showing a balance of trade in favor of
this country when it is largely against it. When
specie is at five per cent, premium it is very
difficult to pay specie, and when above ten per
cent, it is absolutely impossible. Now, with
such a foreign drain of specie to pay interest
and trade balances, how can we ever hope to
resume specie payments? The whole coinage
at our Mint last year was but $31,900,000.
Of what use to our national wealth are our in-
exhaustible mines if their products are exported*
from the country faster than we can dig them
out? Only think what an enormous sum our
gold fields have produced, and then answer the
question, what has become of it? And yet men
profess to fear that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, by paying off the floating debt of the coun-
try, may precipitate a crisis by bringing about
a too sudden resumption of specie payments.
He has paid off $50,000,000 of the tempo-
rary loan, which could never be rightfully con-
sidered a part of the circulating medium of the
country. From July 1 to date he has taken
up $15,030,500 of compound-interest notes.
These had too much interest due upon them to
circulate. From April last to date, he has
withdrawn only $22,000,000 of greenbacks,
(so called.) leaving $378,000,000 still out to add
to our $300,000,000 of bank bills, makinga cir-
culation of $678,000,000, against $184,000,000
in 1862, or over three and a half times the
amount then existing. And be it remembered
that the largest amount of circulation ever
known before the war was $214,00,000. Be-
sides, there are $143,000,000 of compound-
interest notes still out. Those who contend
that the currency was contracted by the with-
drawal of the $15,030,500 of compound-interest
notes before alluded to, must for the same
reason admit that this $143,000,000 consti-
tutes a part of the currency. Add this to the
circulation before mentioned and we have
$821,000,000 against $184,000,000 in 1862, or
against $214,000,000 in 1857, when it was at
its highest point ever known, and when there
was a financial crash in consequence, as every
one will remember; and against $16,600,000
of specie in our banks in January last.
The withdrawal of the miscellaneous in-
debtedness. of the Government may prevent
speculation and the better prepare the people
and the banks for a resumption, but it can
never bring about permanent specie payments
until a new tariff shall stop the demand for
[ gold abroad. And I contend that under the
! existing tariff it is not for the Government's
interest to resume immediately if it had the
power; and yet it should make every effort
to turn the attention of the people in that
direction in order to discourage speculative
prices, which are so much disturbing our labor-
ing classes. The Commissioner of the Reve-
nue tells us in his report that skilled laborers,
induced to emigrate here for the purpose of
bringing some of our mechanical industries to
the high development that they are in the Old
World, have returned because of the higher
price of living being more than commensurate
with our higher wages. And it is the general
complaint of our American wages-classes that
present prices keep them at a greater distance
from their actual necessities than the prices
before the war.
Besides a debt now past due of over fifteen
millions, the Secretary of the Treasury has
$312,000,000 falling due this year, and so wants
an easy market. Of this amount $204,000,000
are in notes bearing seven and three tenths per
cent, interest, and he has no means of paying
them except in six per cent gold-bearing bonds
at par; and he has over twice as many to pay
next year. Now, a six per cent, bond in gold
at twenty and one half per cent., is equivalent
to $7 30 in paper. At twenty-five per cent,
six dollars in gold is equivalent to $7 50 in
paper. Until all the seven-thirty notes, ex-
ceeding six millions, are converted, it is not for
the interest of the Government to have specie
below twenty-five per cent. And in view of
this fact, Congress wisely refuses to put any
additional restrictions upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, although speculators would like
to have him so restrained that they could always
know his policy in advance and thereby take
advantage of it. I wish I could be sure that
specie would be as low as 125 for the next two
years. I have but little expectation of its going
below that sum until all our seven-thirty notes
are converted.
There is a class of men who have been made
to believe by speculators that there is danger,
that the Secretary of the Treasury may stand
in his own light by a too sudden contraction
of the currency. Over a year ago this matter
was fully discussed. One party contended
that the Government was the largest party in
interest and should not be limited in its power
over the currency. The speculators, with head-
quarters in Wall street, New York, contended
for complete restriction. They would leave
nothing to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as they wanted to get their Gov-
ernment into a corner. They have unsuccess-
fully tried to regulate his sales of gold this
winter. A compromise was finally effected by
which the Secretary was restricted in his con-
traction of the $400,000,000 of greenbacks
to $4,000,000 per month. He was not obliged
to thus contract; he could do it or not,
exactly as he thought the interests of the Gov-
ernment required. He has not been able to
do it latterly. From April last to the present
day he has taken up $22,000,000, which
would never have been missed under ordinary
circumstances. Had he quietly tied this sum
up and laid it away, no one could have felt its
effects upon the business transactions of the
country. Oftentimes a much larger sum laid
idle for a longer time and no notice was taken
of the fact; it was never felt in the money
market. And as an offset to this amount of
contraction it should be remembered that the
whole amount of the $300,000,000 of bank
circulation wasnotissued when the contraction
commenced. Since 1st of July last $17,000,000
in new bank notes have been issued, which,
deducted from the $22,000,000 of contraction,
leaves but $5,000,000 of contraction after all.
Then we are to take into account the fact that
all through the East we find many bills of the
old State and local banks still in circulation.
By the February report of the Secretary of the
Treasury it appears that he has $45,000,000
in currency locked up in the Treasury. Now,
supposing he keeps that sum there for six
months, is it probable that legitimate business
would be affected by it? It is Government
money in the Government Treasury, where it
ought to be. \ et unsuccessful speculators,
wishing to hide the real cause of their failures,
might say that if Government had not locked
up its money they might have got some of it
and so have been saved. Last fall the Mer-
chant's Bank of the District of Columbia failed.
It had Government funds on deposit to the
amount of $763,000, and how much will be
realized from it is yet doubtful. The result
showed that the bank had been speculating in
them; and an examination showed that other
banks had been doing, and were doing, the
11 same. This caused more stringent regulations
to be adopted. It caused Government money
to be put where it belonged, in the Treasury of
the Government. It caused a large surplus to
be invested in the extinguishment of the public
I debt. This was the real cause of the tempo-
;' rary panic last fall. Bankers had loaned out
the people's money. They had placed the pro-
j ceeds of our cruel taxation in the hands of
the middle-men, unprincipled speculators, who
j, combine to get the crops of the producers at a
: low rate, and then combine again to sell them
, to the consumers at a high rate. Thus were
j the people's hard-earned taxes used to their
own injury.
The Washington bank failure called the at-
tention of the Government to what was going
on. The mischief was stopped. Men who wera
robbing both consumers and producers by
their extensive combination in some instances
failed, because the bankers no longer had the
people's money to loan them. Not daring to
assign the real cause of their further inability
to accommodate such customers, they falsely
charged it upon the Secretary of the Treasury's
contraction of the currency. And stf these
men clubbed together and employed the sub-
agency of one John Livingston, of New York
city, to manufacture an erroneous public
opinion upon the subject. He sent circulars
all over the country urging people to write to
their members of Congress, and also to circulate
petitions which he sent them praying Congress
to favor expansion. I sent one of his litho-
graphic circulars to the Clerk's desk and had
it read. I have one in my possession now. It is,
however, in Mr. Bcxdy's speech in the Globe.
And when a gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] presented a petition in favor of
expansion one day, myself and others from all
parts of the Union took dozens from our desks
that read in the same way and were printed
in the same place. The effect of all this pressure
was to force a bare majority of this House
against its better sense to support an unmean-
ing resolution against the withdrawal of the
$4,000,000 per month, which it is doubtful
whether the Secretary of the Treasury can con-
tinue unless we provide him some assistance in
taking care of the Government indebtedness
maturing this year. Such a resolution, how-
ever, had the effect to raise the relative price
of gold, or rather depreciate the value of cur-
rency about four per cent., thereby taking just
so much from the laborer's wages and adding
just so much to the price of his food and
clothing. But gold will fall back and paper
advance when it is ascertained that the reso-
lution means nothing. Out of the nine members
of the Committee of Ways and Means, but one,
the gentleman of Iowa, voted for that resolu-
tion ; and the Finance Committee of the Senate,
which is the name of the committee in that
body corresponding to the Ways and Means
Committee of the House, with the late Secre-
tary of the Treasury [Mr. Fessenden] at its
head, appears unanimous with the great ma-
jority of the committee of the House upon the
subject of gradual contraction.
There is not the least danger cf a too precip-
