750
THE C0NGRESSI0NAL * GLOBE.
been here since Hie 10th instant. It is a mat-
ter of great importance this sunken wreck
should be removed, as during the late storm,
lying as it does at the entrance to New York
harbor, it was a serious obstruction to nav-
igation. •
There was no objection ; and the joint res-
olution was taken up and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. DODGE demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof, the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. LONG YEAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to extend the time for the reversion of the
lands granted by Congress to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Amboy via Hills-
dale and Lansing to some point on or near
Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan, and
for the completion of said road," approved
July 3, 1866 ; which was read a second and
third time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
INDIAN SUPEUINXENDBNCY IN COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD, by unanimous consent,
offered the following preamble and resolutions;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is represented that gross frauds and
irregularities have been committed in disbursing the
money appropriated for the Indian service in Colo-
rado Territory, for the jears ending June 30,1866,
and June 30,1867: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on IndianAffairs
be instructed to inquire in what manner andfor what
purposes the moneys so appropriated have been ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian affairs for
the Colorado superintendency, and particularly to
ascertain how much money has been paid to one M.
B. Cummings for services as clerk of said superin-
tendenoy.-what service the said M. B. Cummings has
performed, and where he or she resides, and report
the facts so ascertained to this Hoase at their earliest
convenience,
And be it further resolved. That said committeeliave
power to send for persons and papers.'
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER stated as the regular order
the call of committees for reports of a private
nature, commencing with the Committee on
Naval Affairs, the pending question being on
the report made last Saturday by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from
that committee.
PAUL S. FORBES.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of joint resolution of the Senate No.
99, for the relief of Paul S. Forbes, under his
contract with the Navy Department for build-
ing and furnishing the steam screw sloop-of-
war Idaho.
The resolution authorises the Secretary of
the Navy to accept the steam screw sloop-of-
war Idaho of the contractor, Mr. Forbes, at
the contract price of $600,000, or transfer the
said vessel to the contractor on the letter giv-
ing bond with sufficient security to refund to
the Department, within six months from the
date of such transfer, all advances of money
made by the Government to the said Forbes
on account of the construction and equipment'
of said vessel.
Mr. KELLEY. I request the reading of
the petition of Mr. Forbes, being the most
condensed statement that could be made of
the case.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows:
To the honorable, the Senate and Bouse of Representa-
tives of the United Stutes in Congress assembled:
The petition of PaulS. Forbes, of the <rity of New
York, respectfully represents that the petitkmor is a
January 25,
merchant and ship-owner, having had a large num-
ber of steamers of various kinds built in New York
to compete with English-built steamers in China, and
always with success. In the course of his business
your petitioner became familiar with the methods of
construction of ships and with the engineers an$
builders, who have been employed by him to build
his steamers, and it occurred to your petitioner that
he might possibly be of some service to the United
States by the use of his experience in procuring for
them a steamer, to be built as a fast cruiser, and to
combine the advantages which in his private steam-
ers.had been productive of the results of high speed
and great economy.
With this view, and without any design or Inten-
tion to make money out of the United States, he pro-
cured estimates to be made by builders and engineers
of the probable cost of a sloop-of-war of three thou-
sand tons burden as if the vessel were to be built for
his own private use, and having procured these esti-
mates he proposed to the Secretary of the Navy that
he would undertake as the agent of the Navy De-
partment to have built for the United States a sloop-
of-war of the proposed size for the actual cost in
money for which tnemechanieal work could be done,
charging nothing for his own services or time, and
assigning to the Navy Department the contracts he
might make, or permitting the officers of the Depart-
ment to make contracts on the plans proposed, as the
Department thought most advantageous. The Navy
Department at once approved of the general plan of
the vessel, but objected to making a contract for an
indefinite amount, which might vary largely from
the estimated one. The Secretary, however, proposed
to make a contract with your petitioner to have such
a vessel built for the price it had been estimated to
cost at that time, which was $600,000 for the hull,
spars, standing rigging, and machinery, and in order
to advance the interest of the United States your
petitioner accepted the contract, relying upon the
estimates which he had procured, and which would
have paid for the ship on the basis of currency, ma-
terial, and labor as they were at the time of making
thecontract. Your petitioner at once employed Mr.
Henry Steers, of New York, to build the hull by day's
work, in order to secure the best result, and the Mor-
gan IronWorks to build the machinery by day's work,
under the superintendence of the engineer employed
by your petitioner for that purpose. Soon after the
work began, however, a very rapid rise occurred in
the price of labor and materials resulting from the
acts of the United States, and as a consequence the
estimates upon which this vessel had been ordered
at once were insufficient, and now your petitioner
has paid out more money than the entire contract
price, and tho ship is not yet completed, although
every exertion has been made by your petitioner to
have the work done as rapidly as possible.
And your petitioner further showeth that immedi-
ately after the vessel building under thiscontract was
commenced, the Navy Department ordered the con-
struction of six more similar to it, which were designed
to be of the same size, but which have been some-
what lengthened, although not otherwise altered.
These ships are building, except one, at the navy-
yards; but the Department procured contracts for
building the engines from engine-builders, and the
contract price of the engines alone is $750,000, which
is $150,000 more than the entire price of the ship and
engines constructed by your petitioner.
Your petitioner submits that as the spirit of his
contract was not to make money for himself, but
that he should act as the ageut of the Government
in procuring others to build a steamer, so he ought
not to be required to lose money by reason of the
change in prices occasioned by tho act of the Govern-
ment; he is not a ship-builder nor a manufacturer,
and his only desire was to serve the country without
profit or loss to himself.
Your petitioner therefore respectfully solicits that
he may be relieved from the situation in which he is
placed by the said contract, by such an aet as will
in effect carry out the true intention of his offer to
the Government, and to this end ho proposes any of
the following methods which may be selected for
that purpose—either,
1. That the price of $600,000 be increased in the
same ratio that the price of labor and material has
increased since the estimates were made, on which
he proposed to have said ship built; or,
2. That the actual bills paid or to be paid by your
petitioner to the persons employed by nim to do the
work bo paid by the Government; or,
3. That the price paid by the Government for the
similar ships and engines built by contract bo paid
your petitioner. .
Your petitioner further represents that the ship in
question, the Idaho, is nearer completion than any
other of the large vessels now building, and can be
got ready for use sooner than anyotherof the vessels
of that class. ,
Your petitioner has only received from the united
States $300,000, and has paid out more than $600,000,
and the amount still needed to conjnlete the ship will
increase the expenditure requireof to be made by
your petitioner, on account of the United States, to
tho extent of $300,000 more, as is estimated by tho
machinists.
Your petitioner, therefore, asks that speedy action
may be taken by the Government in order to provide
tho funds necessary for the completion of the vessel
expeditiously, that she may be enabled to render tho
service for which she was built and for which she is
now much needed. PAUL S. FORBES.
Mr. KELLEY. I now ask to have the Sen-
ate report on this subject read.
The report was read, as follows;
4* The papers in this case shows that on the 22d day
of.1863, Paul S. Forbes entered into contract
with the Navy Department to build a steam screw
sloop-of-war, and to deliver her to the Government
fully completed within a period of nine months froar
the date of contract, which vessel be also guarantied
should have a capacity of speed equal to fifteen knots
an hour. The contract price for the vessel was the
sum of $600,000.
*' It appears that instead of the vessel being deliv-
ered totheGovernmentin nine months from thedate
of contract she is not yet completely finished. And
it further appears that the vessel fails also in the
requisite of speed, and is not capable of making the
fifteen knots an hour required by the terms of the
contract.
"The Navy Department admits, and your commit-
tee fully believe, that Mr. Forbes was actuated by
patriotic motives in entering into this contract. He
is a merchant and ship-owner, and has had a large
number of steamers built for the merchant marine,
and with marked success. - At a time when the ex-
igencies of the country demanded a large increase of
the Navy, and when every effort in that direction
was an effort for the public good, Mr. Forbes, fully
believing that he would thereby do the country a
service, came forward with his proposition to build
the aforesaid vessel. He did not expect to make any
money thereby, but he believed that be could, with
his experience and energy, furnish the Navy with a
superior vessel in a brief period, and thus assist tho
country materially in the conflict with her foes. The
Secretary of the Navy, in a communication to the
committcc upon this subject, says upon this point:
'That Mr. Forbes did not engage in this work froia
mercenary or pecuniary motives, I have always be-
lieved.' * * * * 'Hepersuaded himself
or was persuaded by others, that he could in a brief
time build a vessel possessing superior qualities to
any which the Navy Department could build.'
'* Your committee are informed, and believe, that
the vessel in question has cost Mr. Forbes some three
hundred thousand dollars above the contract price,
or some nine hundred thousand dollars in all. They
are also informed that, with the exception of the en-
gine, the vessel is well built, and that she is fully
worth to the Government, notwithstanding the defi-
ciencies of her engines, the amount of the contract
price. Your committee, therefore, in view of this
fact, aM in consideration of the patriotic motives
which prompted Mr. Forbes to enter into the con-
tract, and also in consideration of the fact that the
Government is enabled to profit by the knowledge
and experience derived from such experiments, feel
warranted in recommending, as they do, that Mr.
Forbes be released from his contract for the construc-
tion and furnishing of the steam screw sloop-of-war
Idaho, and that the Navy Department be authorized
to purchase the vessel, when completed, at a cost not
exceeding the contract price. Or if, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Navy, the interests of tho
Government may be the better subserved, he is em-
powered to transfer to the said Paul S, Forbes the'
said vessel when the said Forbes shall give good and
sufficient guarantee that he will refund to the Gov-
ernment, within six months from the date of said
transfer, all moneys advanced by the Government to
him on his contract for the building and furnishing
of the said vessel. Your committee, therefore, re-
port the accompanying joint resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I know something about
this ease, for I was on the Naval Committee
when it was fully examined, and the parties to
it were heard with their testimony. I am satis-
fied that this measure in its inception was one
of speculation. It proposed to introduce into
the Navy a ship propelled by an engine which
would compete with all the engines then in
use in the Navy, and, in order to induce the
Navy Department to enter into a contract, this
contractor stipulated that he would build a
ship capable of running fifteen knots an hour.
The Department had no faith in this, but they
agreed that the ship, when built, should be
put on trial, and that it should come up to
that rate of speed or else the Department
should not be under obligation to accept of the
vessel. Now, it has proved to be impossible
for Mr. Forbes to make a ship that can accom-
plish that rate of speed with the motive power
which he placed within her. She ran eight or
ten knots an hour on the trial trip; and it is
now proposed that, notwithstanding the Gov-
ernment had taken bonds that the vessel should
be completed so as to run at a part:cular rate
of speed, to receive this vessel, which has only
the capacity of running eight or ten knots an
hour, and to pay the full price uader the con-
tract.
Now, sir, with all the disposition in the world
to accommodate Mr. Forbes, I protest against
any sueh action on the part of the House.
I am in favor of the joint resolution as it
came from the Senate, which would give to
the Secretary of the Navy discretion oiiher to
receive back the money from Mr, Porbes or
else to take the vessel at the contract price.
Now. it seems to me that these terms are as
