1867.
IBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
just and liberal as Mr. Forbes has a right to
expect at the hands of Congress,
I will vote for the resolution as it'eame from
the Senate, but I will not vote for this amend-
ment which instructs the Secretary of the Navy
to take the ship at the contract price and pay
$600,000 for her when she does not come up
to the rate of speed which it was contracted
that she should attain. ,
Vessels such as this are not particularly
wanted now in the Navy. I would give to the
Secretary of the Navy power either to take the
vessel at the contract price or to receive from
Mr Forbes the money advanced to him and let
him take the ship and make the most he can
of it.
Mr. KELLEY. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, I will say that while the amendment
proposes to give the contract price for this
vessel, it will still leave this patriotic citizen
who engaged in the work of improving our
naval architecture a loser of $300,000.
Mr. SPALDING. That may be.
Mr. KELLEY. "With that statement I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
if the Committee on Naval Affairs was unani-
mous in this report?
_ Mr. KELLEY. I cannot answer that ques-
tion precisely. My recollection is that all the
gentlemen who were present at the meeting of
the committee at which the amendment was
adopted, and it was an unusually full meeting,
favored it.
Mr. PIKE. I was not in favor of it.
Mr. KELLEY. Then there was one, and
only one, who was opposed to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is mis-
taken as to the vote on the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I give my recollection of
what took place in committee. I do not assert
it as a fact.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was present in the com-
mittee, and 1 did not agree to this amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question. It is this :
whether the Government of.the United States
isnow so far needing the ship as to justify us
in paying 8000,000 for it, though we are under
no obligation to do it?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know the needs
of the Government in that respect.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. KELLEY. I will.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say that I was con-
tent to let this measure pass sub silentio, simply
voting against it, until the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farysworth] was
made, for the purpose of developing the opin-
ions of the committee.
Mr. Forbes, who is well known as a merchant
of great enterprise as well of great generosity
of character, was led into this undertaking to
construct the Idaho by the very generous idea
of surpassing by his individual effort all the pre-
vious exertions of the Navy Department to pro-
duce valuable, and especially fast, ships-of-war.
In order to accomplish that purpose he entered
into this contract, and, as I believe, with no
expectation of making money out of it, for the
contract itself was an unusually hard one. He
proposed for the small sum of $600,000 to
produce a ship of some two thousand five hun-
dred or three thousand tons, which should do
what no naval ship before did, make fifteen
knots an hour for twenty-four consecutive hours
in the sea-way, with all her armament on board.
That was something which never had been done
on either side of the Atlantic. But he was
led to make the proposition by the ingenious
theories and fertile suggestions of his engineer,
a gentleman well known to the public, Mr.
Dickinson.
In pursuance of that contract Mr. Forbes has
already expended some nine hundred thousand
dollars. lie has received from the Government
$550,000 ; losing, as I believe, over three hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars by hx3 enter-
prising exertions. Now, for one I was entirely
willing to say to Mr. Forbes, "You have already
lost enough, and the Government, has lost
enough by this experiment; we will not call
upon you to return any portion of this $550,000,
but we will take the vessel and call the mat-
ter square." According to the terms of the
contract he would be obliged to refund this
$550,000 and take back the ship, for she fulfills
no one of the conditions of the contract; and
she is practically of but small value to the Gov-
ernment. The Government estimates that she
is worth between one and two hundred thou-
sand dollars for their purposes.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. If the ship is of practically
but small value to the Government, and the
Government is under no legal obligation to pay
for it, why should we pay $000,000 for the
ship ?
Mr. PIKE. I will reply to the gentleman.
The Government has made many experiments
during the war; and in that respect the Navy
Department has been very much misunder-
stood. It has expended very large sums in
experimenting, as all Governments must do if
they would produce that most difficult thing to
produce, a perfect ship-of-war. Large sums
of money have been expended, not only by this
Government, but by the British Government
and the French Government, in making exper-
iments which when they are accomplished and
the money is spent prove to be of little practical
benefit, except to direct the future exertions of
the Government.
Some years ago, Mr. Stevens, of New Jersey,
attempted to produce an iron-clad ship. The
Government furnished him $500,000. The ship
was made and she lay on the stocks a long time,
and was known as Mr. Stevens's battery, and
this House at a prior session, after considering
all the facts in that case, said to Mr. Stevens:
" We will give you $500,000, and you may keep
your battery. This loss the Government is will-
ing to share with the individual who attempts
to improve the Navy/'
Now, in the case of Mr. Forbes, I was will-
ing that the Government should share the loss
and not attempt to crush him. This sum,
although very considerable to the individual,
is very small to the Government when com-
pared to the contribution it would oblige the
bondsmen of Mr. Forbes to make if the contract
is insisted upon. For that reason I was willing
to have the Government receive this ship for
the sum of $550,000, which is the sum already
paid, and discharge Mr. Forbes from any fur-
ther proceedings on the contract. The result
will be that the Government will sustain a loss,
and Mr. Forbes will also sustain a loss of
$350,000. Ancl I submit to the members of
this House that this would be a very small con-
tribution on the part of this Government to
citizens who have endeavpred to aid it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] why he objected
to this bill in committee ?
Mr. PIKE. The original bill provides simply
a discretionary authority on the part of the
Secretary of the Navy. The propesition I make
is to give direction to the Secretary of the Navy
to receive the ship for the amount already paid.
The question was upon the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr, BAKER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 84, not voting
49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.' Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Banks, Barker, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Bran-
degee, Chanler, Conkling, Darling, Dawes", Deming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Uriswold, Hale. Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Demas
Hubbard, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Ketcliam, Lailin,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan,Lynch, Mars-
ton, Marvin, Maynard, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morris, Myers, Newell, Nicholson,Plants, Pomeroy,
Raymond, Starr, Stevens, Tabor, John L. Thomas,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Beaman Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Brom-
well, Broomall, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb.
Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Denison,
Driggs, Eekley, Eldridge, Earnsworth, Farquhar,
iJ erry, Finck, Goodyear, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins.
Hayes, Hill, Hise, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Julian, Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham, Leftwieh.
Longyear, Marshall, MeClurg, McKee, Miller, Moul-
ton, Niblack, Noell, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall. John
H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, _ Rollins, Ross, Sawyer,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding Stil-
well, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Andrew H.Ward, Hamilton Ward, Henry I>.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
James F. Wilson, and Winfleld—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames. Arnell, Bax-
ter, Blow, Boutwell, Bnckland, Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Culver, Davis, Delano, Dodge, Dumont,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart, Hender-
son, Hogan, Ilotchkiss, Asahel Vf. Hubbard, James
R.tHubbell, Ilulbunl, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kerr,
William Lawrence, McCullough, Melndoe, Morrill,
O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps, Radford, Alexander H.
Rice, Rousseau, Schenck, Scoficld, Sloan, Strouse,
Thayer, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Welker, Whaley, Williams, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAKER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be read a third time.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered on
the bill.
The SPEAKER.*"That motion cannot be
made at the present time. It will not be in
order till after the vote on ordering the bill to
a third reading. The Digest states on page
143 that "it is not in order to move a recon-
sideration of the vote on ordering the main
question when it is partly executed." That ia
the case here.
Mr. HILL. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. PIKE. What I desire is an opportunity
to offer the amendment which I suggested to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. That is
certainly a very proper amendment; and I
hope by general consent it will be adopted. I
a"n sure that no gentleman who understands
this matter is willing to ruin Mr. Forbes.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the question turn
now on the original proposition of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. PIKE. I think that my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] when he understands
this question, will act in conjunction with me.
Mr. HILL. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen who desire a direct vote on the pas-
sage of the bill, I withdraw the mcJtion to lay
the bill on the table.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. PIKE. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading. If this motion shall be adopted I
propose to offer an amendment which will
simply allow Mr. Forbes to retain the money
now in his hands, the Government taking the
ship.
A Member. How much money ?
Mr. PIKE. Five hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, for which the Government will receive
a steamship that cost about nine hundred thou-
sand dollars. I cannot say what is her worth,
and no man can tell what is her worth. There
are various opinions of her worth. The Navy
Department estimates in one way and Mr.
Forbes in another.
Mr. BAKER. The gentleman states that
the Government will receive a ship costing
$900,000 at an expenditure of about five hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. My question
is whether or not the gentleman is able to
inform the 'House what the ship would be
worth to the Government if it will not run
more than eight or ten miles an hour, as stated
by the gentleman-froia Ohio, [Mr. Spalmno.]
