1807.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
39m Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
derived ; a proposition which has been studied
carefully and long, and which I am willing,
limited as is my ability, to maintain at all
proper times against all comers. But in the !
tew minutes now allotted to me of course I can-
not do more than to state propositions of this
kind, reserving their discussion for another
time, possibly for another forum. Away
with the cobwebs by which the schoolmen of
the law, who lurk spider-wise among the husks
of the letter without penetrating to the invig-
orating and germinating kernel; away with
the film and gossamer by which sentimental-
ism, humanitarianism, and optimism would
bind the giant arms and the stalwart limbs of
this vigorous young nation. To understand
the Constitution and our form of government
we must read it in the light of those high prin-
ciples which inspired the men who framed it—
the giants of an earlier and altogether heroic
age—Hamilton and Sherman and King and
the Pinckneys and Madison and Franklin and
Robert Morris, with Washington presiding over j
their grave deliberation, all of whose forms on \
canvass should like his be placed in these 1
panels, and their statues of marble in the niches !
of these galleries, that by their symbolic pres- j
ence they might remind us of those lofty son- j
timents of personal liberty and national gran-
deur by which they were inspired.
While I hold that we have the power, full,
ample, unlimited, as I have already stated it,
I would not use a particle of it beyond what
was necessary to maintain the life of the nation
and to put down and extinguish all hostility to
it. I -would do nothing in vengeance ; noth-
ing in hatred. My motto would be " Malice
toward none, charity for all." But that is not
charity which sheds tears over the fate of the
guilty and leaves the innocent to suffer. That
is not malice which restrains the enemies of the
country, and by denying them tho power re-
moves from them the temptation to renew their
hostilities. The safety of the nation and the
protection of its friends I would make the
measure of our action. I would attempt noth-
ing more, I would rest satisfied with nothing
less. While hitherto we have kept steadily
before us the national safety, there has been
manifested quite as much anxiety not to dis-
turb our enemies as to protect from disturbance
our friends.
The bill before us and now under considera-
tion is simple in its character. Its simplicity
consists in this: that it is merely retrograding
a period of twenty months, turning back the
finger upon the dial-plate to that extent and
no more; placing that part of the country in
the position it was in at the close of hostilities,
disregarding the civil governments which they
kave attempted to set up, and placing them
once more under military control, preliminary
to reorganizing civil governments upon another
and a different basis.
Gentleman say, and with a great deal of
force, that .a military government is not desir-
able or agreeable, hardly tolerable. Why, sir,
we who have lived under military rnle for
years understand that perfectly well. But bad
as it is, military government or any govern-
ment that I can conceive of is better for loyal
men. Union men, white or black, than rebel
rule. Besides, we have allegations against our
military commanders that they are liable to be
seduced by rebel blandishments. That also is
very true. The policy of the rebels during the
war, and I suppose it will be the samo again,
seems to have been borrowed from the habits
ofthe feline species, purring and rubbing gently
and pleasantly while that would avail, and when
that failed the sharp claws from behind the
velvet.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON resumed the floor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] will yield
still further to the gentleman from Tennessee}
[Mr. Maynard.]
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 10.
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Tennessee a few minutes longer of
ray time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that five or ten
minutes will be all that I will require.
Mr. SHELLABARGEIl. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Iowa, I will ask
unanimous consent that the time of the gentle-
man from Tennessee be extended, without ,
taking any more from the time of the gentle- !
man from Iowa. • j
Mr. STEVENS. I hope he will be allowed !
all the time he wants while he is speaking as
he has been speaking.
No objection was made; and the time of
Mr. Maynard was accordingly extended.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thank the House for
this courtesy, and will endeavor not to tres- ■
pass upon their good nature. j
I understand very well the susceptibility of !
military commanders to rebel influence; too
much of that has come under my own observa-
tion. Many a time have I seen the poor, hum-
ble Union man stand the livelong day at the
headquarters of some petty military satrap, un-
able to obtain admittance to ask for the sim-
plest favor, while rebel beauty would flaunt
past him in and out, with silk and satin rustling
and in bright array. That was a part of the
annoyance attendant upon military rule. It
was not always so, however ; it is not neces-
sarily so; it need not be so again. A neigh-
bor of mine—I mean a neighbor in this House
representing the metropolitan district of Indi-
ana, [Mr. Dumo\*t]—while in command of the
post at Nashville, never gave us any trouble
in that way. Many othrr noble names, a
great many others, might be specified against
whom this charge never lay. Take the higher
officers of the Army, the major generals, of
whom is he who won imperishable renown in
the capital of Tennessee, (General Thomas;)
I have never heard that accusation against
him; and I venture to say it never will be
made against him.
But objections of this kind are no argument !
against a measure such as this, which looks to
the general protection and the maintenance
of the peace for the time in that whole couh
try. If imperfect, even if not the best, yet it
is a measure of protection. If not complete
protection, it is at least a semblance of pro-
tection, which is more than some classes of the
southern people now enjoy. If the military
power of the Government cannot protect the
citizen in the last resort, pray where shall he turn
for protection? This is the last and highest
expression of its guardian power: there is no
security beyond. The citizen is unfortunate
who requires such a safeguard: but when
required it is a grave offense to withhold it.
1 do not understand this measure to be per-
manent. I understand it to be temporary,
merely proposing to hold the country by mili-
tary authority and preserve the peace among
the inhabitants until civil governments can be
organized, such as will maintain the peace and
protect the rights of all the people. We have
already indicated by our action to-day on the
Louisiana bill our views with reference to the
establishment of civil governments in those
States. If asked why not adopt the same
course with reference to the remaining nine
States, my answer is that our experience dur-
ing the war shows us that we should make
haste slowly; that we should be careful not to
let the reins slip from our grasp. Wo can see
by this time how important it may become to
correct mistakes and to perfect our own work.
Suppose the measure which was matured by
the last Congress, but which was not approved
at the other end of the avenue, had become a
law, I ask where would we have been to-day ?
What would have been the condition of all that
part of the country if they had been jjerrait'ted
to go on and reorganize under that bill? Com-
mitted, as we would have been,J*> accept the
governments they might establish under it,
our condition would have been worse, far-
worse, even than it is now. Because it is not
a matter of details that we are discussing
with these people. It is not a question of
franchises white or black, rebel or loyal, or of
courts, or of the rights of one or auother class
of men. The struggle goes deeper than that.
The more radical question to be considered,
and the only one, in my judgment, worth con-
sidering, is, whether this Government in all its
parts shall be carried on by the men who, by
their blood and treasure, have preserved it, or
by the men who in vain have tried to overthrow
it. Shall the loyal men of the country admin-
ister the Government, or shall it be adminis-
tered by the rebels who sought to destroy it?
Until this point is definitely and finally settled
all others must remain in abeyance. And it is
one that from its very nature admits of no pos-
sible adjustment by compromise. One side or
the other must go down. The loyal element
of this country must completely triumph and
have the control of the Government in its every
department, or else it must stand aside and let
it revert to the control of the element which
sought its overthrow and destruction. There
is no middle course ; no half-way house. And
furthermore, no concession will satisfy rebel
demands if they are denied a renewal of their
political power. Give them that and there is
no concession they will not make to secure it
and until it is secured.
It is unnecessary for me, perhaps, to state
my own views on this subject. I hold that it
is not only the duty, but it is the right of loyal
men to take and retain control of this Govern-
ment. By right, I do not mean right in the
ordinary political sense of the term, that they
happen to have the majority, always fluctuat-'
ing, and which may or may not be a majority
to-morrow; I mean the right growing out of
the result of the conflict; the right by which
General Grant commands the armies of the
United States, and Robert E. Lee does not;
the right by which a friend takes precedence
over an enemy; right in the hignest sense
known to human affairs.
In that view of the case our duty in the
reestablishment of civil governments for the
rebel States seems plain enough. It is, as I
conceive, to provide by effective legislation
that they shall be established upon the"basis
of loyalty alone. Men who have attempted
the overthrow of the nation have no rights
as citizens, no franchises whatever, until they
are restored to them by the proper legislative
authority. It is maintained by labored argu-
ment that they are not criminally liable as
rebels for treason, that.tliey might at pleasure
renounce their allegiance; but neither on this
nor any other principle could they retain the
rights while they repudiate the duties of the
citizen. It follows, then, that whether the
loyal men in any State be in a majority or in a
minority, great or small, it is our duty to em-
power them, and them alone, to reorganize
the State government; and then let them en-
large its privileges and limit its franchises just
as fast as, and to the extent which, in their
judgment it is prudent and safe. In this way
the men who have maintained their loyalty
take precedence in the great work of recon-
struction, and by being made respectable they
will be respected. This they have a right to
demand, and do dumaiid, at our hands. Less
than this will be such a dereliction as will work
scandal to our Government, and be cited in all
coming time as another and most signal in-
stance of the alleged ingratitude of republics
toward their defenders and frienda.
appendix.
A few months ago it was proposed to publish
in the city of Richmond a periodical to be called
The Southern Opinion. The editor, Mr. H.
Rives Pollard, lite Messrs. Fitzhugh, bpratt
& De Bow, may be taken as a fair representa-
tive of the ideas rather than of the political or
