1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Grinnell.
Ho. of Reps.
must certainly be crushed out, and we must
surrender the business of sheep and wool grow-
ing to foreign nations.
What kind of a policy is this to adopt?
Would this be taking care of the agricultural
interests of the country? I tell gentlemen
that they must look their honest and intel-
ligent farmer constituency in the face and
answer this question. Whatever else may be
left undone in the jar of contending views and
factions, I beseech the House not to neglect
this vast interest longer. Let gentlemen come
up squarely to work, and give us a vote upon
this bill. Why try to kill the bill indirectly
by talking away and otherwise consuming our
precious time and resorting to dilatory motions
and amendments? Let them meet the issue
squarely.
Last session we passed a tariff bill giving
fair protection to wool. It went to the Senate;
that distinguished body refused to take any
action upon the bill at all last session and only
acted upon it this session a Bhort time ago, so
that we did not get the bill back to us until the
5th of the present month, twenty-seven days be-
fore the time for the final adjournment of this
Congress. The Senate has amended our bill in
many important particulars, rendering the ac-
tion of the House upon the amendments neces-
sary ; but the Senate bill gives us substantially
the protection on wool that the House bill did ;
and now I hope the House will concur at
once in the Senate amendment and let the bill
become a law. It is not in all respects what
we desire, but it is the best we can obtain. It
must be this or nothing. Unless we give this
interest protection, some measure of justice,
the glorious record of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress will not be complete.; it will be unfaithful
to a large and patriotic portion of our peo-
ple, who demand, and have the right to de-
mand, this at our hands. If this is denied
them, I say to gentlemen they who do it must
take the responsibility: I will not share it with
them.
Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. GRINNELL,
of iowa,
In the House op Representatives,
February 2G, 1867,
The House being in the Committee of the "Whole on
the tariff bill.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, we have
again before us the bill which an eastern Sen-
ator has said originated with the western wool-
growers. I think there is no proof of this state-
ment. The close of the war and a change in
our industries demanded a revision of the
tariff, and the farmers, like others, sought to
have their interests represented in this bill,
and the cry of the "wool lobby" has been
heard from one end of the country to the
other for a few months past. But where is the
lobby? Of whom is it composed? I have not
made their acquaintance; they are not here,
but giving attention to their flocks in this in-
clement season, and hoping for such legisla-
tion as Congress may justly afford to save this
branch of industry from threatened destruc-
tion. An unfriendly press has facetiously asked
the wool-grower to accept a bounty from the
Government of a few millions after the man-
ner of its acceptance by the producer of wolf
scalps, and retire from the field, giving up his
industry to the foreigner.
The special commissioner of internal revenue,
by what I deem errors in. statement of facts,
not intentional, and most unwarranted conclu-
sions, has brought out so intemperate a dis-
cussion by his followers that members of this
House are charged with being parties to
" bagging plunder," &c. I feel it my duty to
counteract the evil produced by one branch of
the commissioner's rsport, but may be par-
doned if I first make a statement as to my re-
lations to this tariff question. Oneyear ago my
matured convictions were given in this Cham-
ber oil the question. I had read that the first
of economists and philosophers of Europe had
regarded wool as " the flower, the revenue, and
the blood of England," and that he was held
as an enemy to his country who sought to de-
grade of debase it.
The past ten years of my life having been in
association with the farmers of my State, and
in efforts to elevate and enlarge this branch of
industry, I desired it to be raised from a con-
dition of depression to that of prosperity, if
it might be by such appropriate legislation as
was to be extended to other interests. The
mass of the agriculturists in the prairie States
of the Northwest were distant from cities and
railroads and were exhausting themselves by
monotonous toil and their lands by grain-
raising, while expending from fifty to one hun-
dred per cent, of the home price of their crops
to find a market, the value of which was de-
pendent upon the blighting of crops abroad,
the vicissitudes of war, or unstable legislation.
The production of a concentrated product,
readily stored for years without waste, and
costing less by a largo per cent, than any other
of our staples to be taken to market, seemed
like sound economy for the western agricult-
urist. Yet from 1850 to 1860, while we im-
ported an almost fabulous amount of wool and
woolens, our flocks increased only about one
per cent, per annum, not at all in economic
ratio with other industries and our population.
On its revival our flocks were imported from
the older States at great expense, and were
decimated by acclimation, destruction by
wolves and dogs, and the inexperience of their
owners. The rebellion found us importing the
equal of one hundred million pounds of wool
in cloth and wool. The cotton crop was
greatly lessened and our national cause imper-
iled by unfriendly Governments, on whom we
were depending for supplies of clothing, which,
though in part a fraud upon the soldier and the
Government, might any day be cut off. Shoddy
contracts became a by-word ; and the Quarter-
master General certified to the great superi-
ority of American wool, and there was one
voice by the people in encouragement of the
wool-grower, declared to be rendering as im-
portant service to the nation as in enlisting
soldiers or entering the ranks. riiie Depart-
ment of Agriculture, State and local societies,
political economists, and Governors of States
took up the question as one of national import-
ance. Governor Kirkwood, of the State ot
Iowa, now a Senator, said in his annual mes-
sage in 1861—•
"Hitherto our great staples for export have been
wheat, corn, cattle, and hops. The prices paid for
their transportation to New York form a largo portion
oftheir value to that point. Tho value of wool in
proportion to its bulk and weight is much greater,
and the price of its transportation to New York in
proportion to its value much less, than that of our
present staples. The jrreat interest of agriculture
may, in my judgment, be aided by legislation in a
new direction. I would exempt from taxation for a
period of five years all sheep, not exceeding fifty,
owned by any resident of the State; and would also
exempt from taxation for the same time all capital
invested in the State in the manufacture of woolen
goods."
With little more than the encouragement of
words our flocks increased. The young men
and those not able to endure camp life found
employment. Our soldiers were better clothed,
and the manufacturing interest was so far stim-
ulated throughout the country that the capa-
city of the mills in our new States was doubled
in six years, and the clip of wool in the North-
west increased near four hundred per cent, in
that period; while in the State of Iowa the
increase has annually since the war been one
hundred per cent.
Not one acre in ten of our sheep-walks was
occupied, and our annual importation of cloth
and wool during the war was equal to two hun-
dred million pounds, estimated in wool. The
tariff was to be adjusted to raise a revenue
and on the principle of protecting our various
industries. It was not claimed that, with the
great increase of the cost of labor and all
that related to sheep husbandry, the shepherd
was as well paid as before the war, while all
other agricultural staples were relatively much
higher than wool. Indeed, it was admitted
that the local and national taxation borne by
the wool-growers in the older States was more
than the protection he received by the tariff by
fifty per cent. This discrimination in favor
of the producers of a poor and foreign article
in South America and Africa was partially
remedied in this House last June by a new
classification and an increase of duty—no
member opposing this provision, and the bill
was adopted by a vote of two to one in this
House. It was postponed in the Senate until
this session, in the meantime being revised by
Mr. Wells, the special commissioner of internal
revenue, who made an elaborate argument
against that feature of the bill which protected
wool, and a commendation against an increase
of duty, which has not been concurred in either
by the Committee of Finance or the Senate.
That feature which the commissioner con-
demned being regarded as still in peril, I feel
it my duty to defend, without any general dis-
cussion of the tariff policy or the details of the
biH.
The commissioner is the first officer of the
Government during this century, so far as I
know, who discourages sheep husbandry ; who
would have the older States regard " what can
be obtained for wool as a mere make-weight
in their calculation of profits." He invites
the destruction of more than one hundred
million dollars invested in the flocks which
have hitherto by every civilized country been
regarded of national importance, and leave*
the intelligent flock-master of the West just
returned from the Army, and the citizen who
cheerfully meets his responsibilities under tha
Government, to give up a good staple for a
poor one, surrender our market to the for-
eigner, and if wedded to the flock take the
chances of life in Texas or New Mexico, or
emigrate to South America or Africa.
Let me examine his statements and theories
that we may learn the basis which they furnish
for intelligent legislation. In the argument
for a foreign product he says : "No one coun-
try produces all the varieties of wool." That
is denied. We have imported every variety,
and our climate, with the extremes of moist
and dry, hot and cold, has an adaptation to
all the known ovine races. I pause that any
member of the House may show what varieties
this country does not produce; since New
Mexico has a staple as coarse as the Russian
and both the fine wool which has every good
quality of the Mestizo, and the domestic comb-
ing-wool is equal to the best imported.
The commissioner asks why the broadcloth
manufacture has dwindled from fifty to sixty
per cent, of our whole production to five per
cent., and answers, "because American legis-
lation has not permitted the importation of
broadcloth wools, aud American agriculturists
have produced nothing to take their place."
If the duty of five cents a pound is a prohibi-
tion, which can hardly be contended, a partial
reason for this falling off is given ; but no well-
informed shepherd or manufacturer will con-
curinthis statement that we have not produced
broadcloth wools; and I submit the testimony
of Mr. Slater, of Massachusetts, who annually
manufactures two million pounds of wool, who
declares that it was the tariff which overthrew
our broadcloth manufacture, and not the want
of wool which were of the fineness of German
"picklock;" that he had fully tested these
wools, and that they were as good in every
particular, worked into as perfect and finished
cloth as wools of the same fineness grown m
any other country. The National Wool Man-
ufacturers' Association, represented by Eras-
