148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Febrnary 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff-—Mr. Grinnelt.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
tus B. Bigelow, J. Wyley Edmonds, and other
well-known gentlemen, assert that "the pecu-
liar excellencies of American wools have given
origin to our flannels^ our cassimeres, our
shawls, and our delaines, and ihey give strength
and soundness to all the fabrics into which they
enter," a refutation of another position of the
commissioner.
This is the advice. ''If the older States are
wise, they will seek to hold their own by raising
choice sheep to recruit and revivify the flocks
of the more favored States, and in turning
their attention more fully to supplying the mar-
kets with mutton." Raise choice sheep for
stock in Vermont or Ohio, for Iowa or Kan-
sas, is your destiny, and they may want one per
cent, of your "bloods" if not competent to
raise their own, and able to pay from five dol-
lars to twenty-five dollars for each animal, as
is often done for express or freight charges.
And then it seems to be forgotten that the
mutton market is supplied and an increased
demand could be met by five per cent, of the
natural increase of the flock, and by a single
county in each of the wool-growing States.
The unfortunate suggestion implies a destruc-
tion of untold millions invested in sheep hus-
bandry, and the surrender of an occupation
hitherto highly regarded by all intelligent Gov-
ernments in ancient or modern times.
Continues Mr. Wells: " Higher rates will seri-
ously impair the gold revenue." How much?
Annually $2,000,000. But what of the ability
of the people to pay for the product and the
duty a thousand miles from our sea-board and
three thousand from the people whose labor
we must reward by Government bonds at sixty-
five cents on the dollar, orby the gross and heavy
products, two and a half per cent, of which
they have only found it for their interest to
buy for a few years past? Western farmers
who have heard of the troops of middle-men,
and who know of waste, insurance, high freights,
and commissions, will not be enamored with
this philosophy.
Butprotection to wool "will tend to destroy
a not inconsiderable part of the foreign com-
merce that yet remains to the United States."
It is stated that "the South American trade,
which before the war was maintained with that
country, is nearly annihilated." This is not
the fact. It has had more commerce with this
country for three years past than for ten years
previous. But the Cape of Good Hope trade
is sustained by a return cargo of wool we
are told, and a sample of the manufactured
goods taken out is given to show of how much
more value this foreign commerce is than our
domestic trade and production. To sustain
such a philosophy in trade you might suppose
these vessels like Italian argosies; but near one
half the amount is tobacco, and one fourth
flour, not ten per cent, of its value being in the
manufacturing. For a moment it cannot be
contended that it ia worth as much to the grower
of wheat and tobacco to find a customer in
Africa as in our own country.
The agriculturist is plainly told that he
does not Know his interest; that a high tariff
makes low wool. What, then, becomes of the
assertion that the consumer is to be burdened,
which is the great argument against protection ?
Both assertions cannot be true, and neither may
be independently; while temporary burdens
will be distributed and the benefits of home
production and fabrication will he felt under
those economic methods which have given suc-
cess in manufactures and commercial renown
to these countries which now seek to destroy
our infant manufactures and compel the pro-
ducer of coarse and heavy products to be de-
pendent upon a distant and uncertain market.
And here I leave these fallacies to consider for
the purposes of this argument what I fear the
commissioner remembered to forget. The ad-
vance in prices, as given by the commissioner, of
the great staple products from 1859 to 1862,
compared to those of 1860, are thus stated : on
breadstuff's, seventy per cent. : coal from sixty
to seventy per cent. ; salt fish from seventy to
seventy-five per cent.; provisions, pork, and
beef from one hundred and ten to one hundred
and twenty per cent. ; butter over one hundred
per cent. ; salt from one hundred and ten to
one hundred and twenty per cent. On fifty
articles, embracing those imported, the aver-
age advance is eighty-five per cent, in cur-
rency. Why was that product, wool, particu-
larly marked for destruction, left out? Obvi-
ously for the reason that being no higher than
before the war, and the cost of labor advanced
sixty per cent., and that on which the shep-
herd subsisted advanced eighty-five per cent.,
he could reasonably ask for protection against
a poor staple raised by barbarians abroad and
not having the burden of our taxes.
Why was a just statement withheld as to the
comparative value of our wools to the wearer
and the imposition practiced upon the people
by importations of extract, waste, shoddy,
mungo, and flocks ? Quartermasters, soldiers,
and gentlemen testify as to this superiority,
and a novice can with his fingers test our
strong set fleeces, grown on animals well housed
and fed, in contrast with the short staple grown
in southern climes, which must be shorn semi-
annually to be kept from falling off. It would
have been an instructive announcement, secur-
ing a preference for our own fabrics, had the
fact been given that one eminent manufacturer
by a substitution of such foreign wool for do-
mestic so far ruined his reputation as a manu-
facturer that it cost him on his own testimony
$100,000 to regain it. And then the official
statements are that, the dirty shoddy and worth-
less flocks, though glued into cloth with about
the consistency of ground tobacco, goes into
garments which it costs as much to make as
if good goods, and an amount equal to the
wool product of two of our great States.
The most eminent breeders of the Old World
are loud in the praise of our merinos, which are
known to surpass those reared by nobles and
princes in Europe, showing a marked advance
in each decade in every valuable quality, and
demonstrating that wool in our clime is no
exotic. Wastliis withheld that the destruction
of our flocks might seem sound political econ-
omy rather than vandalism? He is a bold
destructionist. who would run counter to the
philosophy of England, Prance, and Germany.
The former, while there was a necessity, forbid-
ding the sale of sheep or wool for export, and
cherishing the golden-hoofed animal on a ter-
ritory of the size of three of our States which
is now our equal in flocks.
It was proven by the Treasury statistics, and
the commissioner did not approach the argu-
ment, that the present protection to competing
wool was less than five cents per pound, and
that the American shepherd in the great wool-
growing States like Ohio and New York was
taxed not less than nine cents on each pound,
and further, that his protection was twenty per
cent, less by frauds and false invoices than by
the letter of the law; and though the older
States must yield their occupation, Illinois,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Missouri, and
Kansas are not entitled to an impost duty
which shall place the American citizen and
tax-payer on terms of equality with the shep-
herd of Africa or South America. We accept
neither his philosophy nor his figures, and I can
fortunately refer to the statements of J. R.
Dodge, Esq., the able statistician of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, for a confirmation of my
position, and a refutation of the position
assumed by Mr. Wells, that the proposed
increase of duty would impose an annual bur-
den of $71,000,000 on the consumers. These
are his errors: in assuming that it requires
four pounds of wool for a yard of cloth, while
of our own it requires but two and one six-
teenth for a yard, which reduces his figures
$12,000,000. And then the assumption that
we produce but one fifth of the wool required.
and a consequent blunder as to importation
reduces his figures by $■!<->,000,001). What can
be done with the $24,000,000 remaining to
destroy his whole argument?
Aipply to it the philosophy of the commis-
sioner sent to us last year for our guide, '' that
the payment at home in the products of domes-
tic industry of §2,500,000,000 is far less difficult
than the payment of $500,000,000 in foreign
countries," and the whole sum is swept away
to give room for that philosophy which asserts
that the nearest road to good and cheap cloth-
ing for the masses is to stimulate competition,
where we have room, rather than supplant or
destroy a prime necessity and be left to the
caprices of the foreigner, as has been done in
three periods of our national history and in
regard to many articles. Mr. Randall's book,
the very highest authority, is quoted in proof
that the wool-grower was amply remunerated,
while the fact is withheld that this statement
was made four years since, before we felt the
great burden of taxes and when labor was
lower by forty per cent, than now. The date
was material, as also the fact suppressed that
our wool has only a protection of twenty-six
per cent., or less than half that which is ac-
corded on an average to other articles on the
tariff list.
Sir, it is not for me to answer the commis-
sioner's question, what New England, New
York, and Ohio expects to gain as against
competing wools of other parts of the United
States. They can defend their own interests.
In their misfortunes we have good room for
them all. But I answer, in my judgment, there
is no class in the newer prairie States that will
not be benefited by a protection of this interest.
There is an actual investment greater than that
representedin tobacco by $-,0,000,0000, great?r
than that in manufactures of iron by $75,000,-
000, and surpassing the woolen manufacture
by $100,000,000; all of which have their advo-
cates. A change is proposed, and the prac-
tical question —shall that product, relatively
lower than any other staple, be protected
equally, or must the occupation be given up to
foreigners, who produce an inferior article,
and are our competitors, because freed from
taxes and content to live on one half the com-
pensation of the American laborer ?
Thus abandoned, just began, how shall we
pay for that which we do not produce for our
clothing? The State of Iowa, for illustration,
has reached the point of wool exportation,
and by a surplus can pay for tea, coffee, and
silks from abroad, cotton goods and farming
tools from the eastern States, if not wise enough
to manufacture her own, with a concentrated
product which enriches the soil, gives an all
the year round employment to the maimed sol-
dier as well as to the young, and costs but four
per cent, of its value for transportation. In
want of this, if itbe pork or beef, freight charges
and commissions are from twenty to thirty per
cent, of their value. If it be wheat, it is from
eighty to one hundred per eent. of its usual
value ; an uncertain crop which wastes the
land is attended with the severest toil, and of
which by good farming methods not one bushel
less need be raised on accountof the flocks. If
this industry declines, we shall import more
and more of an inferior article from year to
year, and give up our market to the foreigner,
returning to the suicidal practice of paying
our debts by raising heavy products, wasting to
the soil.
If the growing flock of the Northwest is pro-
tected equally and no more than other indus-
tries, a territory as large as the original thir-
teen States, which is not now trod by a hoof,
may have value. The straw of the wheat
raiser will be consumed by the brute rather
than by the fire. The corn raiser will have a
better market; manufactures will spring up, and
all clothes wearers will in the end have better
and cheaper goods than if dependent on for-
oign goods, which seem to be cheap, lwu will
