150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Indian Appropriations—Mr. Chaves.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
manding officer he deliberately drew an arrow
and shot him dead on the spot. Now, sir, this
war could have been entirely prevented had
Major Brooks only been willing to give the
Indian who claimed to own the land on which
the hay-camp was situated a few insignificant
presents, and the large expenditures which the
Government has been forced to make, the
losses of all kinds of property to the Govern-
ment and to the citizens, and the losses of
many valuable lives both of citizens and sol-
diers, would have been thus prevented.
In the inauguration of this war, neither the
citizens nor the Indian agent were at all to
blame ; this is a sin for which the military
alone will have to answer for. In fact, the
military in New Mexico have never been in the
slightest degree restrained by the action of
either the superintendent or any of the Indian
agents. I have one particular instance in my
recollection, when the Apache Indians (the
Coyoteros) in 1864, desired to see Dr. Steck,
the then superintendent, and who had been
their former agent, and in whom they had
entire confidence, in order to treat with him,
he was officially notified by General Carleton
that he should not go, and he (Carleton) sent
down instead one or two officers ; but the In-
dians said they wished to see their friend Steck
and refused to have any talk with them.
Now, sir, through the representations of
General Carleton to the War Department, and
of him alone, have these Navajo Indians been
brought four hundred miles from their country
and established upon the reservation at the
Bosque Redondo. I myself was in the military
service at the time that active operations were
commenced against them, in July, 1863, and
was in command of Fort Wingate, in the Nav-
ajo country. The instructions which I received
from General Carleton in person and by letter
were to call in some of their principal men and
notify them that a vigorous war would be waged
against them for their many depredations
against the citizens, and that all of those who
claimed to be good Indians and who wished to
save themselves, their families, and their prop-
erty must come by a certain fixed day into
Fort Wingate, and that they would be trans-
ported to the Bosque Redondo with all their
property, and that at that place they would be
taught to live like the whites, by cultivating
the soil and raising stock, and that they would
be fed, cared for, and protected by the Gov-
ernment until they should be capable of doing
*o themselves, and until they would prove by
their actions that they would be like the Pue-
blos; that if they did not come in voluntarily
by the 20th day of July, 1863, they would be
attacked wherever found and killed or cap-
tured ; that the soldiers would not be able to
discriminate the good Indian from the ladrone,
(thief;) that the whole matter rested with them
entirely, and that if they failed to accept the
terms made to them by the Government, they
must take the consequences, and not com-
plain hereafter that they had not been duly
advised.
I know these facts myself, not only because
I commanded at Fort Wingate, but also for the
reason that I interpreted from Spanish to Eng-
lish to General Carleton himself what the In-
dians said to the Navajo interpreter. In proof
of the above I beg leave to refer the House
to page 116 of the report of the joint special
committee, appointed under joint resolution
approved March 3, lb65. In that page will be
found a letter of General Carleton to me, dated
headquarters department of New Mexico, Santa
F6, New Mexico, June 23, 1863:
Headquabtebs Department opNrw Mexico,
Santa Fe, N. M„ June 23,18t53.
Colonel : I inclose herewith General Orders No. 15,
current series from thete headquarters, which organ-
izes the expedition against the Navajo Indians. It
is hoppd now that the people of New Mexico will be-
come more secure in their persons anil property. As
goon as the troops take tho field the small bands of
Navajo robbers now infesting the settlements will
doubtless return to their country to look after the
safety of their women and children, and as long as
the troops are engaged in active operations against
their tribe they will not have a disposition to come
in on the river. .
You remember what I told Barboncito and Delga-
dito about what would be required of all Navajoes
who did not want to engage in war or be sufferers
from it: thatwhilehostilitioswereprogressing against
their tribe no peace party of Navajoes could remain
in the country; that all those Navajoes who claimed
not to have murdered and robbed the inhabitants
must come in and go to tho Bosque Redondo, where
they would be fed apd protected unti 1 tho war was over;
that unless they were willing to do this they would
beconsidered hostile and would be proceeded against
accordingly: that in this event,if they or their fami-
lies suffered, these consequences would be the result
of their refusing to accede to such a reasonablo de-
mand. and the responsibility would rest upon them,
not upon me; that a time would be set for all those
who desired to avail themselves of the offer to como
in with their families to Fort Wingate; that they
should bo transported to Bosque Redondo in our
trains, &c.
Send for Dclgadito and Barboncito again and repeat
what I before told them, and tell them that I shall
feel very sorry if they refuse to como in; that wo
have no desire to make war upon them and other
good Navajoes; but the troops cannot tell the good
from tho bad, and we neither can nor will tolerate
their staying as a peace party among those against
whom we intend to make war. Tell them they can
have until tho 20th day of July of this year to come
in—ihey and all those who belong to what they call
the peace party; that after that day every Navajo
that is seen will be considered as hostile and treated
accordingly; that alter that day the door now open
will be closed. Tell them to say all this to their
people, and that as sure as that the sun shines all this
will como true.
I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES H. CARLETON,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Lieut. Col. J. Francisco Chaves, First Kew Mexico
Vola.,commanding at Fort Wingate, Neic Mexico.
[Copy of this letter furnished Colonel Carson, June
23,1863.]
Official: ERASTUS W..W00D
Captain First Veteran Infantry California Volun-
teers, Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
About the 20th day of July, or soon there-
after, active hostilities were commenced against
the Navajoes from Forts Wingate and Canby,
and a great deal of destruction of property
ensued, such as their corn-fields and the cap-
ture of their sheep and horses ; and some of the
Navajoes who were more timid began gradu-
ally to surrender themselves, and by orders
from headquarters of the department they were
rationed at whatever post they surrendered until
transportation could be furnished to conduct
them to the Bosque Redondo.
By the month of May, 1864, about seven
thousand Indians had surrendered themselves,
and were either already at the reservation or
in transitu thereto, and General Carleton pre-
vailed upon Governor Connelly to issue a proc-
lamation, to which I beg leave to refer the
House; it is to be found on page 333 of the
report already mentioned:
Proclamation.—Whereas a suspension of arms in
the prosecution of the war against tho Navajo tribe
of Indiana exists, as the more hostile part of that
tribe isnowreduced to and located upon thereserva-
tion at the Bosque Redondo, and the remainder of
the tribe coming in and surrendering themselves to
the military authorities; and whereas any hostile
demonstration upon the part of our citizens toward
the said Indians during this suspension of hostili-
ties would frustrate the intentions and efforts of the
Government in the peaceablo removal of the re-
mainder of this tribe, now collecting around Forts
Canby and Wingate, to whom has been granted
safety to life and property whilo thoro and m tran-
situ to tho reservation: Therefore,
I, Henry Connolly, Governor of New Mexico, do
issue this my proclamation, and ordain:
1. That hostilities on the part of the citizens with
tho remainder of the Navajo tribe of Indians, who
have or have not presented themselves at the mili-
tary posts for removal to tho reservation,shall cease.
2. 'That all forays by our citizens of a hostile char-
acter into the country heretofore or now occupied
by any part of the said Navajo tribe of Indians aro
hereby positively prohibited underthe severest pen-
3. That any parties of armed men, with hostile in-
tentions, hereafter found in the Navajo country, will
be immediately arrested by the United States troops
and sent to the headquarters of the department of
New Mexico, there to bedealtwithaccordingtolaw.
4. It is proper in this connection to warn tho peo-
ple against further traffic in captive Indians. The
laws of the country, as well as those of justice and
humanity, positively forbid such a traffic. Meas-
ures are now being takon by the Department of the
Interior to have all Indians surrendered who have
been sold into slavery, and the people theretore havo
this timely warning to refrain at once from any
such traffic in Indian captives as has heretofore boen
praoticed among them.
Done at Santa F6 this 4th day of May, 1864,
HENRY CONNELLT.
Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Militia.
By the Governor:
John Watts, Private Secretary,
in absence of the secretary of the Territory.
From that time until the present the mili-
tary in New Mexico have been constantly pur-
suing a few scattered bands of the tribe that
remained in the Navajo country, and when-
ever caught, if not killed in the act, were cap-
tured and sent to their reservation.
Now, sir, I submit that these Indians were
brought to the reservation by compulsion and
by promises that they should be fed, cared for,
ana protected from all their enemies in case
they complied with the demands of the Govern-
ment. Is it right, just, or humane that a great
and powerful Government like this should fail
to comply with its solemn promises to a poor,
ignorant, degraded Indian? Yov may say the
Government did not make these promises.
But your authorized agent did ; he was so re-
cognized by every American and Mexican
citizen and by every Indian that came in con-
tact with him, and youyourselves recognized his
authority when you established the reservation
by law. You may say that it costs too much ;
then you should have made your estimates
before you took upon yourselves to create this
reservation and to transfer these Indians four
hundred miles from their native homes. You
may say that you were deceived by your agent,
that Jie promised that the Indian should be
self-supporting in one or two years. I answer
that it is your fault if you appoint incompetent
or dishonest officers to discharge your wishes.
Besides, these Indians have been lately trans-
ferred to the Interior Department. How is it
possible for that Department to attempt to
make them a self-supporting tribe if you do
not furnish the means, for at least one year, to
subsist them upon, so as to give the experi-
ment of a reservation a fair trial? And what
would be the result if you withheld the neces-
sary means to carry it out? The Interior De-
partment, in my judgment, cannot accept theso
Indians without the necessary appropriation
being m^de for their subsistence; and the War
Departmentwill either continue to subsistthem,
as at present, or in case that Department is for-
bidden to do so, these Indians will, in common
justice and humanity, be permitted to leave the
reservation and to procure their food as best
they may. The result of this latter course will
be that these Indians will make their way as
soon as possible to their old home in the Na-
vajo country, and on their route will entirely
desolate the richest portion of the Territory.
Hardly a sheep, cow, horse, mule, or borough
will escape them.
From their having been forced by the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war against them to
abandon their native country they have become
impoverished, and they will most certainly con-
tinue their raids among the sparsely settled
portion of the Territory. The course which
you have pursued among them has embittered
them. Your soldiery have diseased their wo-
men and they their husbands. Nearly one
third of them sleep under the sods of the
Bosque Redondo. They will think of these
things by day and dream of them by night, and
will ever remember, if such be your course, that
the Great Father, as they are wont to style tha
Government, speaks with a forked tongue, and
that his promises cannot be relied upon.
They will brood upon eternal vengeance, and
the blood of every white and Indian that is
spilled through your neglect will be upon your
heads.
On the other hand, what have the people of
New Mexico done that you should forget your
treaty stipulations and fail to accord to them
the protection which they require? You may
say that the country is so poor that it will
never repay you for your outlay. Sir, sup-
