152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Beconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
destroyed by combinations of the sympathizers
with rebellion, and thjt the local courts have
neither instigated nor entertained complaints of
such enormities, nor have any remedies been
addressed to their correction or punishment.
4. That men prominent in rebellion can
alone be elected to political offices throughout,
these States, where treason is rewarded and
where loyalty is a crime.
5. That with singular unanimity these States
have rejected the amendment of the Constitu-
tion, which became necessary by their rebel-
lion, because a people whose history for four
years was one consistent record of piracy and
violence and murder, who tortured the prison-
ers taken from our Army by the fortunes of
war, in the charnel houses of Richmond, Belle
Isle, and Andersonville by slow starvation,
who murdered them in cold blood, and who
suffered them to be reduced to skeletons by
privations and exposure that they might never
again enter the Federal ranks as efficient sol-
diers, could not submit to the adoption of the
amendment consistently with their honor!
6. That the belief in the heresy of State
sovereignty, for the maintenance of which the
South appealed to the arbitrament ef arms,
and which appeal was decided adversely to the
appellants, is still the prevalent creed of the
southern people, who would, if practicable,
again assert it at any period when the reestab-
lishment of African slavery could be effected.
I concede, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the
present is no time to be over-scrupulous in the
exercise of that power over the sonthern States
to which I believe a nation may resort for the
preservation of its own life and the discharge
of its high duties to its own citizens.
But I am unwilling to forget justice and reason
while inflicting punishment. The purpose of
punishment is not to inflict torture on the
victim, but to reform him, and to teach to the
people that law must be obeyed. Justice
delights not in the agonies of the prisoner whose
nerves and muscles and limbs, writhing and
contorted, as he hangs suspended from the gal-
lows, waken sympathy even in the heart of his
executioner. In the case of our erring coun-
trymen the purpose of punishment is to re-
form, not to destroy them; and we ought, as
wise legislators, to see that the punishments
we inflict upon a whole people shall not render
their reformation either more difficult or alto-
gether impossible.
I believe, sir, in my conscience that the
terms prescribed by the bill under considera-
tion are unwise, inexpedient, and aggressive,
and they cannot, without amendment, receive
my approbation.
Within a few short days my responsibilities
as a Representative will cease, and I shall go
forth from this Hall with the consciousness
that while I have ev# been willing to assert
the ultimate power of (his Government, and
to employ its entire Army and Navy in giving
protection to those to whom we had pledged
it, I have never been willing to inflict one
unnecessary pang or to impose one avoidaWc
hardship upon any portion of the American
people.
I deem it a duty to look at the propositions
before us in the light of philosophy and yi the
absence of prejudice, and ask here, in the
name of reason, in the light of experience,
and upon the basis of a philosophical inquiry
into cause and consequence, as exhibited in
the individual or the collective history of a
people, whether we can expect reconstruction,
harmony, loyalty, peace, or prosperity to flow
from the establishment of a military despotism
in the southern States as a process of reforma-
tion ?
I believe, sir, that we must not forget in the
legislation we propose to enact for the restora-
tion of the peace of the Republic, that whatever
differences may exist between the southern
and the northern States, in soil, climate, social
institutions, or political views, human nature
is the same in both. Human nature, here or
elsewhere, defies legislation. Education, expe-
rience, observation, often modify the natural
disposition of the individnal, but neither the
decrees of despotic power nor inquisitorial
tortures ever changed a religious conviction.
No legislative act ever changed a political faith,
nor will it ever. A sincere conviction in refer-
ence to a religious system or a political faith is
utterly beyond the province of legislation, be-
cause legislation can act only through physical
agencies, and physical agencies are powerless
over intellectual organizations.
A thousand acts of Parliament could not
have made Russell a monarchist nor Strafford
a republican.
What we believe, Mr. Speaker, we believe
from education, apd education consists not
only of what may be taught us in our youth by
the schoolmaster, but of that which isimpressed
upon us by our own observations and experi-
ence in life, or that which we receive from
intellects more powerful or more persuasive
than our own.
If we look now at the relations existing be-
tween the northern and the southern States at
the period ofthe Confederation, we shall observe
that education was teaching to the respective
parties theories which resulted in the clear and
distinct issues between loyalty and rebellion in
the great struggle which terminated on the soil
of Virginia in 18<3o.
The southern States were largely slave-hold-
ing States; the northern but nominally such.
To the northern States slavery was not felt as
an evil per se, because the percentage of the
black to the whit^race was so unimportant.
But in the South slavery was the support of
manual and menial labor, and to labor became
a reproach to a white man. *
Aristocrary grew up on slavery, and society
consisted of three classes:
1. An aristocracy; rich, as owning both land
and labor;
2. The common whites, who hired slave
labor because lsjbor was disgraceful in a white
man ; and
3. Of slaves, who, kept in abject ignorance,
supported their masters by involuntary toil
and submitted to a social system which made
slavery an abomination.
This system of slavery, even then regarded
by the northern States with aversion, was
recognized in. the Confederation and in the
Constitution, because by its recognition alone
could the Confederation be perfected, and by
it alone, afterward, was the adoption of the
Constitution secured.
We began existence as a Republic, with the
concession that slavery was not inconsistent
with republicanism as then defined, and the
southern States have held that slavery and
aristocracy both were proper appurtenances to
a republican Government.
Moreover, it is true that from the organiza-
tion of the Union sonthern statesmen have
maintained the doctrine of independent sov-
ereignty in the States, and asserted the heresy
that each State might terminate its connection
with the Federal Government at any time and
for any reason it might deem proper. The
ablest philosopher of this school of statesmen
sedulously taught this doctrine to the South
for a whole lifetime, and foresaw in the ad-
vancing wealth and power of the North the
approach of that day when the sonthern States
could maintain their political ascendency only
by a separation from the New England and
her northern associate States. The philosophy
of Calhoun became the faith of many of the
political leaders of the southern States, and
through them took extensive though not entire
possession of the public mind. This philoso-
phy inaugurated and sustained the rebellion ;
anci hecatombs of miserable victims were sac-
rificed in its honor.
I am not prepared, Mr. Speaker, to say that
the masses of the southern people thus edu-
cated and thus controlled were not as sincere
in the support of rebellion and in their main-
tenance of the right of secession as were loyal
members of this House in putting down that
rebellion. In truth, sir, I believe that many
of those who endured and suffered most for the
confederate cause were just as sincere in their
sentiments as you, Mr. Speaker, in yours, or
as I am in mine.
What follows? We have conquered and
subdued them, and unless they will surrender
their convictions and profess to be loyal citi-
zens you propose to annihilate them. You
subject them to military rule, unlimited as to
the extent of power or the period of duration.
Even the kind-hearted gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gaufield] proclaimed upon this floor
that as the constitutional amendment had been
rejected, the door of mercy should be closed
forever; but it is due to say that on reflection be
retracted the unworthy utterance, or thought
perhaps that he uttered it in a sense slightly
Pickwickian. I ask myself, if I had Seen a
southern man, educated with southern views
and surrounded by southern institutions, would
I have been a secessionist? And I answervery
likely I should have been; and I am satisfied
that many on this tloor who advocate the ex-
tremest radical doctrines would have been, in
the same circumstances, active abettors of re-
bellion. St. Paul was sincere and conscien-
tious when he persecuted the saints; and Lee, I
doubt not, was sincere when he cast his lot with
the confederacy and attempted the overthrow
of the Government.
Now, I think that we are ingane when we
attempt to legislate the southern soldiers and
supporters of rebellion into love of the Gov-
ernment. They revolted against the Govern-
ment in great part because they believed in
the right of revolution or secession as a prin-
ciple of the Government, and that the cause
assigned justified the revolution. Confine them
in prison ; will imprisonment change their con-
victions? Put them under martial law, and
strike down commerce and production and in-
dustry and development; will that act make
them loyal which deprives them of their means
of livelihood, by taking away that protection
without which industry dies, production ceases,
and commerce suspends its benefieient influ-
ences? Put them under the"restraint of mili-
tary laws alone, close their courts, invoke
courts-martial for the trial of civilians on
promissory notes, for the smaller grades of
criminal offenses, assault and battery, libel,
slander, larceny, and the like, and how many
courts-martial, how many soldiers would be
required to make and to enforce the judgments
of your commissions.
Sir, this bill proposes no remedy for the
evils it inflicts, no term as a limit to the exer-
cise of the power it confers, and offers no hope
to those who become the victims of its enact-
ments.
Reluctant as I am to adopt severe measures,
as to the constitutionality of which serious
doubts may arise, I am willing to yield much
to the exigencies of the present, and to assent
to the exercise of military power, provided the
authority shall be preceded or accompanied by
a provision authorizing the establishment of
civil governments in those States, under loyal
control, and the maintenance of the authority
thereby granted by the military arm, if neces-
sary, until through the humane influences ofthc
civil law, respected and enforced, prosperity
may be brought again to the desolated homes
of the Carolinas, of Georgia, and Mississippi,
a|'d peace shall resume its sway overmen who,
disliking a Government which they have injured
beyond forgiveness, are yet, either of their own
will or by the power of the law or the force
of arms, to be compelled to respect its author-
ity and obey its laws. While I am not willing,
