1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
39in Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
sir, to impose unnecessary restrictions on the
la:o confederates on the subject of representa-
tion. 1 must express my hearty contempt for
the consummate folly exhibited by the south-
ern States in refusing terras of reconciliation
more generous than any which in the history
o1' i he world were ever before offered by a sov-
ereign suppressing a revolt to subjects abetting
nre\olt. As they withdrew from lis of their
own volition, they must return to us only when
they can return w:th our volition. In this mat-
ter Congress and Congress alone is absolute,
and however much Congress might yield as a
matter of generosity it can be asked to yield
nothing as a matter of right. I believe, sir,
it to be the interest of the South to return to
the Union on any terms that Congress sees fit
to impose, because with the present generation
the hostilities of the present will pass away and
be forgotten : but if they shall madly refuse to
submit to the conditions heretofore imposed
they may defer indefinitely their return to the
Union, but they will not destroy the Federal
Government. That like the sun in respect to
the planets of our system, will still control the
order and establish the relations in which they
shall stand to each other.
In some unknown age of the past, in the vast
interval which separates Mars from Jupiter, a
planet held its course around the sun in silent
homage to its power. The spirit of secession
seized it, and with heat engendered by internal
strife in its attempt at secession, it was rent into
a thousand fragments, and these, broken, shat-
tered, amorphous, and azoic, still bound by the I
law of their original constitution, roll on around
the central sun in eternal silence and eternal
desolation. Yet the solar system is not de- !
stroyed. Yet the sun, whose light was spurned
and whose power was repudiated, is still to the .
loyal planets the source of light, the fountain I
of life, the center of attraction. I
How long this anomaly in the harmonious !
relations of the solar systam has existed God J
only knows, and how long the anomaly in the
existing relations of the disloyal States to the
Federal Government can continue I shall not
attempt to predict; but so long as those-States
shall continue proudly to despise or deride the
powers to which all they ever attained of great-
ness was due. so long, like the asteroids, will
they remain devoid of beauty, desolate, and
lifeless.
It has ever seemed to me, Mr. Speaker, that
we should impose such and such restraints
only upon these States as shall secure their due
submission to the laws which may be properly
enacted by Congress, having in view the speedy
return of their people to the paths of industry
and prosperity, and that so far as is consistent
with the safety of the loyal citizen and freed-
men the administration of justice should be left
to the civil tribunals of the country.
If, as it seems, these courts will not redress
the wrongs of loyal men, if they will not pro-
tect the rights of the emancipated slave, we
must interfere J>y the strong arm until justice
shall be meted out to all. But why close the
door to deliverance from military domination,
as this bill proposes to do; why set up a gov-
ernment as despotic as that which character-
ized the confederacy itself? Such a govern-
ernment can neither create nor maintain peace,
neither the loyal nor the disloyal will prosper
under it, and the sympathies of the world will
be enlisted for those who, though erring and
criminal, are made the helpless victims of mil-
itary misrule.
Time and prosperity will bring their heal-
ing inflnences to wounds yet bleeding and pain-
ful. The sentiments of asperity which have
grown upon northern soil will be mollified by
vi-ars, and the bitterness of southern feeling,
arising from war and the ruin it has wrought,
will be forgotten when thrift shall crown indus-
try with merited reward.
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that I have
never obeyod the dictation of the leading Rad-
icals of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and I have
been the subject alike of criticism and ostra-
cism because I have not.
I am content with either or with both. The
love which I bear my country, from the source
of the Mississippi to the hot waters of the tropic
Gulf, from the bold headlands of New England
to that shore where the Pacific waves break
upon golden sands, is too deep to be affected by
the considerations which are alone personal to
myself.
I have opposed the policy of the extreme
Radicals in Congress because I do not believe
it to be founded either upon real unaffected
patriotism, upon substantial justice, or upon
sound statesmanship. Under that policy we
have had forced upon our consideration schemes
of confiscation at war with every sentiment of
patriotism, philanthropy, or law. We have
asserted that within the lines of the confederate
States all citizens, loyal or disloyal, to the Fed-
eral Government were public and alien ene-'
mies; and yet that they were traitors whose
property of every nature was confiscated by the
act of 1862, and ought to be held for the pay-
ment of the war debt of the Government.
One of the grave charges against the Presi- |
dent by way of impeachment is, that he has j
restored property thus confiscated by the act j,
of 1802 to its former owners. This doctrine i
of universal confiscation, as asserted by our
legislation, is a disgrace to any civilized nation
under Heaven living under a Government of
reason or constitutional law; and our advocacy
of it has been one of the cardinal difficulties in
the way of restoration or reconstruction.
If the rebellion resulted in a public war
between North and South, and the citizens
thus became public enemfes, the private prop-
erty of such citizens could not be confiscated
for treason, although while the war was raging,
"dum bello flagranteall property of an
enemy might be seized within the lines of dis-
puted possession, yet the property of a friend
or ally occupying the same location was-liable
to the same seizure. The ground of seizure in
either case rests upon the fact that property
thus situated is liable to be taken by the enemy
to support a hostile force.
No other ground was ever taken to justify
the seizure of the property of a friend or an
ally, until the venerable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] proclaimed it in this
Hall. I said then, as I say now, that the
whole theory is an outrage upon reason, and
as far removed from all true statesmanship as
is Sirius from the sun. Statesmanship is pas-
sionless. Calm amid the tumults of war or
the strife of parties it looks steadily at the per-
manent interests of a country committed to its
care, and so far as possible holds in check
every movement calculated to endanger and
impair these interests.
And here, sir, statesmanship has its eye upon
the unity of the Republic, upon the control
on the one hand of the disloyal sentiment of
the southern people and on the other of the
vindictive sentiment of northern partisans, that
by prudence, judgment, and reason, our coun-
try may safely pass the ordeal which now tests
the strength and endurance of the Govern-
ment, and come forth with true loyalty every-
where in ascendency over the spirit of dis-
union, with no principle of republicanism sac-
rificed to temporary expediency, and with the
Constitution modified only in the interests of
liberty, marred by no violence, and prostituted
by no oppression.
Mr. Speaker, with such views I have neVer
hesitated to sustain any measure that I deemed
essential for the protection of the Republic in
its unity and its sovereignty, although I have
withheld my support from what I have con-
sidered schemes for the maintenance of party
interests alone. I care not, sir, by what or-
ganization the safety of the Republic be as-
sured, if only its safety be rendered certain.
The interests of individuals and of parties
sink into utter insignificance when compared
with the interests of the Union. Individual
life and party organizations are ephemeral,
while forms of government, established upon
the principles of justice and right, may sur-
vive from generation to generation, and be-
come coeval with the compact of society.
Good government, Mr. Speaker, is not the
creation of a moment; it is the growth of
ages. And the idea of a Republic, the best form
of government yet devised by man, springing
into existence far away in the dark centuries
of the past, has not-yet put on the vestments
of perfection. The philosophy of government
may well assume, what the philosophy of nat-
ural forces is ready to concede, that in each de-
partment more remains to be learned than has
yet been compassed. Progress and develop-
ment are the ends of our existence here ; and
when research and inventive genius shall
have extorted from nature the secrets of her
alchemy and the mysteries of her power:
when in the world of morals no new truth shall
be revealed to the profound inquirer; when no
new legislation can beenacted without impairing
the value of existing statutes; when government
shall be immutable because it is immaculate,-
then will the human race have performed its
mission and have fulfilled its destiny.
He, sir, who expects by legislation to wring
from the present year those moral, social, and
political results which are due only to time
and to those laws of development and progress
which have never yet disregarded time as an
essential element in their operation, is no wiser
than he who expects by legislation to compel
the fig tree of the spring to yield instantly the
ripened fruit that belongs only to the autumn.
I am content with gradual development. I
am satisfied with allowing nature to assert her
authority alike over the physical and moral
constitution of the world. The old clock, whose
pendulum moved by a uniform force, swings
backward and forward within prescribed limits
and with regulated motion, indicates by the
hand upon the dial, the true time, while if the
swaying pendulum be struck by the hand of a
madman with insane force and driven contin-
uously far beyond its appropriate position, the
index points out a false time and deceives all
who trust it. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to be deceived. I would not deceive others, but
I feel assured that we can commit no graver
error than by attempting to restore this Union
by a measure of legislation which arouses
almost naturally the hostility of those whose
friendship and submission it is our avowed pur-
pose to secure. We are expecting to hasten
the return of loyalty by measures which would
strangle it at its birth.
Were I, as a southerner, to be subject tp the
operation of this bill without a limitation upon
its term, without a provision bywhich the mili-
tary government it sanctions might be abro-
gated, without the power of seeking any pro-
tection save at the hands of a military commis-
sion, I would either flee from the country or
resist your law. And I submit that the en-
forcement of the provisions of this act will do
as much to depopulate the South as did the
ravages of the war itself.
But, sir, without saying much that I desired,
I must draw my remarks to a close. In its
Eresent form I cannot sustain this measure,
ut if the amendment suggested by my friend
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] shall be incorpo-
rated in it, by which provision is made for the
establishment of civil governments in these
States, I shall feel constrained to support it,
not because I shall approve it in all its features,
but because I believe that the South are
responsible in a great measure for the existing
condition of public affairs, and that they should
endure inconveniences and restraint and an-
noyance, rather than that power should be at
once surrendered to the wicked men who struck
at the life of the Republic, and still justify the
attempted parricide.
