166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Cowan,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
the "Covenant," and then agitation spreading
into England it became the second step in the
progress of the revolution, and to secure the
aid of the Scots the Parliament subscribed the
u Solemn League and Covenant" which it
was confidently expected would put an end
" to Popery and prelacy, superstition, heresy,
schism, and profaneness." The French, led by
La Fayette, were superseded by the Girondins,
who insisted on a republic and the total abo-
lition of the monarchy, precisely as the Aboli-
tionists a few years ago superseded the Repub-
licans and demanded an entire remodeling of
the Constitution to bring about negro equality.
After the reformers or innovators have in
troubled times had success, it invites another
and different class to enter the arena and strug-
gle for the palm. This is the knave. Having
seen the labors of the patriot crowned with
success and glory, having seen the fool and
fanatic attain to power by the advocacy of the [ 1
impossible plausible, he comes to the conclu- ji
sion to try the very worst which can be done to
dupe the people—he becomes a Radical. In
England he called himself a root-and-branch
man, or independent. He was in himself
equal to all things; kings, bishops, priests,
every one and all vanished before him. Why
not? Godliness was his specialty; he knew
the mysteries of the Most High, spoke in
scriptural phrase, sang through his nose, and
on the whole was perhaps about the most dan-
gerous sort of villain which has ever infested
the planet. He stops at nothing, cares for
nothing; having gone so far that he feels him-
self guilty, his very cowardice urges him on
and prevents repentance. He has found the
descent to avenues easy, but a return impossi-
ble. In England he beheaded the king, abol-
ished the Parliament, and in the name of God
and liberty and the most sickening cant estab-
lished a military despotism which preyed and
plundered with the same fury as long as it en-
dured. In France the same character appeared,
and was well personated in Robespierre, whose
circumspect life and diabolical cruelty fitted him
exactly to do and perform his part in the most
terrible drama the world has ever witnessed.
Here, too, a king was beheaded, all regular
Government abolished, and a tyranny set up
which exceeded in sanguinary ferocity any
that had ever existed. To be suspected was
to be convicted, and to be convicted was to be
executed immediately. Imperial butchers—
Nero. Caligula, and others—were all relieved,
to some extent, as the eyes of the world took
a new direction, and saw in republican France
spectacles of wholesale murder equal to those
furnished by old Rome in the palmiest holi-
days of her slaughters.
Shall we, too, come to this? We, too, are men,
and men of like passions with those who have
done these things. We, too, indulge in the most
extreme partisan views and feelings, and we
ought to be warned by such terrible examples
of the dangers which result from it. Establish
the tyranny contemplated here over the south-
ern States, aud yqp have done your share to
consummate the revolution. From that moment
you certainly cease to be its masters; it has
become yours. The doors once opened, a thou-
sand unforeseen enemies will enter, a thousand
unforeseen accidents will occur, all calculation
will be baffled, and at last when the nation, worn
and weary, comes back to repose on ol<i forms,
those who disturbed them will have fared no
better than the rest.
Another strange thing to be noticed in all
these revolutions, is that they are started, carried
through, and pushed to their termination by
minorities. It eannot be well disputed that the
Covenanters in England were at the time they
covenanted but a mere handful, and if we add
to them the Scotch and Irish Covenanters they
were far from being a majority of the people
of Great Britain. What shall I say, then, of
the Independents, a still far smaller minor-
ity, as the Presbyterians much outnumbered
them, and if both together were a minority
it can be easily seen how the Independents
stood when the Presbyterians were away. The
strength, however, of the Independents lay first
in the fact that they were the army, and second
that they were headed by Cromwell. I am asked,
however, in what manner this minority obtained
power? I answer, just as it always does, by
terror and purgation. At first, in 1647, the
army frightened Parliament into submission,
and in 1048, December 6, it was purged by
main force, Colonel Pride, with two regiments,
having arrested, forty-one members and kept
one hundred or more from entering, enabled
the sixty who remained to have their own way.
In the same way the Jacobins of France purged
the convention of the Girondists. Henriot hav-
ing surrounded it with an armed mob of twenty
thousand men, compelled a surrender of the
obnoxious members, Marat engineering the
whole affair in his own peculiar manner.
Now, although we have had here no forcible
purgation of Congress, yet we have what is
equivalent to it: we have the resolution of
those now in. that the representatives of ten
States shall not come in. By this twenty Sen-
ators are kept out of this Hall and fifty mem-
bers are kept out of the House of Represent-
atives : and by this the dominant party are
enabled, in spite of the veto of the President,
to pass any measure they choose to pass. It
is, in fact, by virtue of this unconstitutional
and unlawful exclusion, that they are enabled
to encroach and usurp, to be revolutionary
and to be dangerous, whereas were it not for
this they could do no possible ham, nor could
any one else.
From this unlawful exclusion come nine
tenths of the mischiefs which threaten the
country to-day. If the South were here rep-
resented we would not be creating military
despotisms to avenge murders which have
never been committed, and to protect those
who have never been assailed. The members
from that region would soon silence the tongues
of anonymous slanderers, as well as those of
open traducers. They could procure the proofs
and present them to us fairly ; but as it is now,
the evidence is all ex parte, and so very extrav-
agant in its character that no one in his com-
mon senses could believe it, and I am inclined
there are none who do believe it.
In order to offer something to the country
to give color to this monstrous project, you
affect great concern for the negro in another
direction, namely, his political status for the
future. You first assert his utter and entire
helplessness in the p'resence of the whites ;
that he cannot defend himself against whole-
sale murder, even with the Freedmen's Bureau
and its military force at his elbow; that he has
not sense enough even to contract for him-
self without the guardianship of the Govern-
ment officials ; that, in short, he is unfit to cope
in the battle of life as a freeman, that he must
be coddled and nursed, educated and instructed
for a year or so, until he bursts his savage co-
coon, when it is supposed he will be able to
soar away on painted pinion, a full-grown Rad-
ical bombyx. Only a year or so at farthest
is allowed to convert these semi-barbarian
slaves into honest and capable patriots, whose
wisdom and virtue are to underlie the revised
and improved governments of ten States of
this Union. Yes, I say a year or so, if the
South accept your proposition, is all you allow
for this wonderful transformation. Then will
the day of Pentecost be fully come, and three
or four million negroes are to be changed, not
by the apostolic teaching of divinely-inspired
men, but by virtue of amended constitutions
and the pedagogic efforts of strong-minded
school-marms.
Was the world ever so mad as now? When
heretofore has it sought relief in such shallow
and transparent pretenses? You base your
action upon the assumption : first, that six
millions of your own racc, kith, and kin, in
the South are traitors and rebels, unfit to be
trusted with political power, or heard in their
own defense. Second, that the three or four
million negroes there, civilized only by sla-
very, and with whom you can neither eat,
drink, sleep, or marry without degradation,
who have nothing in common with you in
form, feature, history, tradition, or habits;
that these, forsooth, are loyal to the Constitu-
tion and laws and devoted to the Union. In
I fact, you boast shamelessly that they protected
! the one and saved the other by the valor of
their arms, and that therefore you have war-
rant to enslave the white and raise the black to
political equality on the score of gratitude if
no other.
Now, what are the real facts. We had an
immense empire, a Union of thirty States or
more; a quarrel arose, no matter how, and a
: terrible war ensues with ten or a dozen States
on one side trying to get out of the Union,
and the rest on the other trying to keep them
in. The weaker are defeated and submit, and
, agree to stay in the Union. We refuse either
to believe or trust them, and propose to hold
them as serfs, while we give to their negro
! slaves political power and dominion over them.
Now, even if we did hold the whites as a
| conquered people, whoever before was guilty
| of such folly as to expect to rule them with
I negroes?
1 But you say the negro was loyal to the Con-
l stitution. I say no greater absurdity ever was
uttered ; not true, not even possible to be true.
In the first place, he knew nothing about your
Constitution, had no means of knowing, had
no capacity to know, and has not to-day any
more notion of it than he has of the theory of
the fluxions or the precession of the equinoxes."
But grant that he does know as much about it
as you do. Pray what was there in it to make
him love and desire it—to make him loyal to it ?
Was it because it reckoned him only a frac-
tional man in the scale of representation—a
little more than a half and a little less than
three fourths of a man ? Wras it the nice adjust-
ment of his comparative value that struck his
fancy to it? Perhaps it was that clause com-
monly called the "fugitive slave" clause
which attracted his attention and won his affec-
tion ? But you say he was devoted to the
Union—to-day he is the Union man par excel-
lence; and if that be true there must have
been some good reason for it. What, then,
induced him to devote himself to the Union?
Was it that it made us strong in foreign war,
or that established uniform laws for naturaliza-
tion and bankruptcy? Was it because of its
convenience for post office purposes; or be
cause it gave Congress the right to coin money
and regulate commerce?
Now, in all seriousness, does any sane man
believe such things? Not one. But every-
body knows that if the negro was loyal to any
one it was to his master. All over the South,
from one end to the other, he remained with
him or his family, serving just as before, and
was orily seduced away from his servitude
when our Arm}' with its banners approached,
when he heard the rattle of its drums, the
blare of its trumpets, and saw the pomp of its
array; then, half invited and half forced, did
he fall in as great boys or half-savages would
do, to enjoy the excitement and indulge in the
license it afforded.' He was free, but his new
liberty he found did not furnish either food or
raiment, neither homes nor shelter gratis—he
had to battle for them all just as before, ex-
cept that now he had no certainty of winning;
his master had ceased to be his insurer.
One of the schemes now before us contem-
plates arming him, I suppose, still further to
enable him to protect himself. I predict for
this the same result as giving him the ballot:
the more of such favors he receives the sooner
he will disappear from the facc of the white
man. It is strange that those who profess to
be his friends cannot rcc that the more they
