APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GKLOBE.
157
3!)tii Cong....2d Suss..
lieconstruction—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
multiply the points of antagonism between the
two races the worse it will be for the weaker.
If they were even legislating for a day their
course would be of 110 valop to the black, but
when it is considered that they invite him to a
struggle of generations it becomes cruel and
pitiless in the extreme. It ought to have sat-
isfied even the most rabid of demagogues to
thrust him into the arena to get his food, rai-
ment, and lodging in a contest with the sharp-
est and most rapacious traders in the world,
hut to ask him to enroll himself in the militia
and take part in politics betokens an utter dis-
regard of all the laws which govern the con-
ditions of life.
Liberty is a glorious boon, it is true; but still
there are many good people foolish enough to
think it were better to be a well-fed slave than
a famished freedman, better to wear a mas-
ter's livery than vote naked and shivering at
the polls. That liberty which renders subsist-
ence precarious and deprives its votary of the
necessaries of life, cannot, for a great while be
thought by the negroes preferable to servitude
without the care of providing anything for sick-
ness, winter, old age, or for children espe-
cially, if we remember that his value was always
a sufficient guarantee to the slave against ex-
cessive cruelty on the part of his master. No
future census will show the blacks increasing
twenty-five per cent, in a decade ; on the con-
trary, from this time they will be found to dimin-
ish and finally disappear forever. The turbulent
and fanatical demagogues who fancy they are
philanthropists will soon have an opportunity
to discover the work Providence set them to
perform, and for which they were admirably
fitted by their blindness and folly, because they
will soon see they were but instruments in His
hands to remove an inferior race out of the
way of a superior, and that while slavery mul-
tiplied the negroes more rapidly than any other
people in the world, abolitionism insures their
sure and rapid extinction. There is much
work in the world wise men cannot do—fools
are found to do it.
I come now to another phase of these schemes,
and one which is by no means the least inter-
esting, especially to the people of the North ;
that is, the question of the cost of the experi-
ment. If the Freedrnen'8 Bureau, which costs
eleven or twelve millions annually, is of so
little use that negroes are slaughtered by heca-
tombs right under the very noses of its agents,
how much is this military or provisional gov-
ernment, whicli is intended to be efficient, to
cost? Suppose'we put sixty thousand men
on duty there? What will they cost? Sixty,
ninety, or one hundred,and twenty millions?
The history of the Florida war, the other In-
dian wars, and the great war ought to enable
us to give a tolerable guess, and we may be
sure we will not estimate it high enough. It
matters little as to the figure at which we put
it, if the lowest sum is likely to be intolerable
when invested for such a purpose. And in
order to show very briefly our situation, which
does not seem to be well understood, I propose
to go back to 1801 and see in what way we
have managed our finances. There may be
instruction in it. Our first folly was in the
attempt to conduct the war and pay in gold.
The banks loaned us $200,000,000, and wanted
to cash our drafts for that amount in gold, if
need be ; but if the holder was willing to take
their paper that was his affair, not ours. This
was refused, and we made them pay us gold,
which we distributed. This run on until we
drew one hundred and seventy millions or
thereabouts, when the golden stream was ex-
hausted ; and as a matter of necessity the banks
were completely drained, suspended specie
payments, and we had disabled the hand that
first came to our rescue.
Our second error was, that instead of going
into the market and borrowing money, as any-
body else would have done, by giving our
homls at vuch discount as was possible, we
concluded to coin our credit, and make money
ouiselves. The consequences were that we
were put in antagonism with everybody who
received our money—and all soon discovered
that the more they depreciated it the more
they got of it, the more they .received for their
commodities, and the less taxes they had to
pay—in short, everybody was interested to
lower our credit as much as possible; whereas
if we had borrowed on our bonds and let some-
body else make the money, our bondholders
would have been directly interested to sustain
our credit rather than depreciate it.
The third error was in making this credit
money of ours a legal tender in discharge
of all indebtedness, the past as -well as the
future. This set on another set of vultures to
tear our financial reputation, namely, the
debtor class; inasmuch as the cheaper our
paper dollar became the more easily they
could get it; and when gotten, it was just as
good as a real dollar to pay debts with, be-
cause the creditor must take it. Then came
the legalized robbery of widows, orphans, old
men, in short, everybody living on fixed in-
comes—ground rents and annuities dwindled,
and the weak and helpless were fleeced to
enrich the strong. 1
At least $100,000,000 annually were thus
taken from one class of our people and put
into the pockets of another class, without the
slightest consideration or the least benefit to
the Government, besides violating every prin-
ciple of honor and good faith among men. j
Another result followed, which the passionate
stupidity of the times could not. foresee ; indeed,
cannot see now, or will not see. The money '
which is made a legal tender by the Govern-
ment becomes by that means the measure of
values, the same as lawful weights are meas- 1
ures of gravity, and yard-sticks and foot-rules ;
are measures of length. Now, any fool cou-ld
see what a disturbance would be created in the \
business of any country if the Government :
were to throw away the yard-sticks and pound
weights, and compel people to buy and sell
with new standards which varied with every
change of temperature or passing breeze; so
that to-day the yard was thirty inches, yester-
day it was thirty-three, and to-morrow it may
be tw.enty-five; the pound is sometimes ten
ounces, sometimes twelve or thirteen, but
hardly ever sixteen, which it ought to be stead-
ily at all times. I say anybody could foresee
the consequences of such folly; and I thinlt it
a great blessing that Providence has put it out
of the power of Congress now to alfect the
certainty of weights and measures, because if
these could have been made to depend on
uncertain contingencies some patriot would
have tried the experiment as necessary to put
down the rebellion.
At ali events, we did with our United States
notes or greenbacks an equally wicked and pre-
cisely as foolish a thing when we made them a
legal tender, especially in a time of war, when
all must know that the public credit would go
up and down just as our arms were successful
or unsuccessful; and that these notes, having
110 value in themselves, but resting on our
credit, would go up and down in like manner,
being one day eighty cents for a dollar, on an-
other fifty, and at one time thirty-five cents;
and at no time since has it been a reai dollar
or one hundred cents. Our wisdom, then,
came to this: he who had commodities to
sell rejoiced in our defeats because his prices
rose; he who had debts to pay did the same,
as he got the money which paid them the more
easily. To all such our victories were ruin.
No man could either buy or sell without look-
ing these unknown, impossible-to-be-known,
contingencies in the face, and like the gam-
bler, the whole nation was set to betting upon
chances. The risks multiplied as the war be-
came more and more desperate, and prices
rose in proportion to the uncertainty. Every-
thing was at three or four times its actual
value, and $200,000,000 a year were added to
our losses from this cause alone.
To add still more to the disturbance, the
Government was obliged to pour an immense
stream ot some three or four millions in upon
the North for Army supplies, &c., necessary
to the war. Everybody was stocked with its
credit, and grew wildly extravagant and lavish
in all kinds of expenditure. Fine houses, fine
furniture, fine clothes, and fine equipages ap-
peared everywhere, until even those who most
clearly saw the delusion were seduced into
silence for fear of dispelling it.
It is now over, however, and the little cloud
no bigger than a man's hand already hangs
out in the clear sky; soon it will ba k up
thicker and deeper on our financial horizon,
and at last burst forth in such a storm afc none
will wish to see again. Men are beginning to
realize that, all that immense influx of wealth
was really only one of the most gigantic losses
of national wealth ever experienced in the
world before; that it was only achieved by the
Government through the medium of a loan
from themselves, and which they will first have
to repay to be repaid. Surely not less than
$10,000,000,000 went down and was irrevoca-
bly lost in the vortex of the war, and naught
remains of it but the paper evidences of that
part of the bill which yet remains to foot, equiv-
alent to a debt of more than three thousand
millions to be paid as an actual debt, as pen-
sions, bounties, &e.
And now, sir, what is the spectacle we pre-
sent in the face of this undoubted condition
of affairs? For what consideration did we
throw away $10,000,000,000 of national wealth?
What moved us to sacrifice half a million of
citizens on the battle-field? What was it, I de-
mand? Was it to preserve the Union or to
destroy it? Was it to save the Republic or to
render it impossible? Was it that the free
governments of the States should be perpetu-
ated, or that they should resolve themselves
into a central despotism so enormous and
unwieldy that its abuses might defy correc-
tion? Let the business we have on hand to-
night be the answer. What is the proposition
before us? Is it not to declare the annihila-
tion of ten States of the Union? Is it not to
reduce these people to the condition of con-
quered people? Is it not openly, avowedly,
in spite of the Constitution and of all the prin-
ciples of liberty, to establish a military despot-
ism over one third of the American people?
And this Thirty-Ninth Congress, now about
to report to the people the result of its efforts
to reap the fruits of the war, what will you say
to them on your return? When you are asked
whether you maintained the Constitution, will
you not be obliged to say, " We have broken
it?" Are all offenders triable by due process
of law? "No; by martial law." Have they
trialbyajury? " No; by military commission."
Have you restored the standard of value to the
certainty of coined money? "No ; it is meas-
ured by the ever-shifting value of greenbacks."
Have you exercised none but delegated pow-
ers? "Yes, we usurped under the ' war power."'
Did you respect the rights reserved to the States?
•'No; we treated the reservation as void." Can
you say aught else to these questions, if you
vote for the bills we are considering, or any of
them?
" And when you are interrogated by one who
lost a limb or an eye in suppressing the rebel-
lion, how will you answer his question, Did you
restore the Union ? " No; ten States are yet
out." Were they willing to submit and come
backtoduty? "Yes; but we were afraid if we
let them in they would have sided with the
President, so that we could not pass bills in
spite of his veto." Have you restored peace
and harmony to the theater of war, that its
people may prosper and help us to pay the
national debt ? Here a bondholder awaits your
answer with some solicitude. You give it:
" No: we thought the hearts of the people were
