1807.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
89th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dumont.
Ho. op Reps.
been reflecting more on another branch of the
argument, and while considering the matter
under consideration, spoke to that to some
extent. I saw no impropriety in it; none, in-
asmuch as many measures may at the same
time be pending before this House ; and if a
member speaks pertinently to any one of them
he will do a great deal better than I fear I may
be able to do to-night. I will simply do as
well as I can, and trust to Providence for the
rest.
Much interest is manifested now in the coun-
try in regard to the decisions of the Supreme
Court, in the "iron-clad-oath" case, as it is
called. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Harding] adverted to the fact that we had in-
troduced a bill for the purpose of heading off
the Supreme Court, as he seeme(| to fancy;
and he appeared to be somewhat indignant,
exceedingly hurt, in regard to it. We were
treading upon forbidden ground; it was a sign
of the degeneracy of the age; we had no longer
any respect for our high judicial tribunals. I
do not pretend to give his exact language, but
that was the strain of his remarks. Now, if
we are to believe it wicked to call in question
the decision of a court, that wickedness is one
of which very many are guilty. Lawyers are
neither better nor worse than other men, and
yet that is the stuff whereof judges that we may
not criticise are made. Out of a fallible law- '
yer it were unreasonable to expect an infallible
judge, since this is not the day of miracles, j
An old shop-keeper said that he might make I
a mistake on his blotter and charge a customer |
with an item not sold, but if it was on his
"lpgister," as he called it, it was bound to be
right and couldn't be up-tripped. So one may
possess no very extraordinary qualities as a
lawyer at the bar, but transfer him to the bench
and he becomes at once an immaculate concep-
tion ; then it is, so to speak that he is transferred
from the blotter to the ''legister," and it
becomes blasphemous in the last degree to
doubt his infallibility.
In this country, where we believe not in the
divine right of kings any more than we do in
the divine right of constables, nor in the ruling
by the grace of God, and do not hold that one
class is born booted and spurred, it is folly to
talk of infallibility of courts or judges. By old
Shylock's test, after all, they are but men :
"Hath not a Jew eyes? hath not a Jew hands,
organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions ? fed
with the same food, hurt with the same weapons,
subject to the same diseases, healed by the same
means, warmed and cooled bv the same winter and
summer, as a Christian is? If you prick us. do we
not bleed ? if you tickle us, do wo not laugh ? if you
poison us, do we not die? and if you wrong us shall
we not revenge?"
We are told now to believe it treason to
call in question the decision of a court, the
opinion of a judge; that to do so is as blas-
phemous as to doubt the divinity of Christ or
the truth of God's word. We must believe that
a judge is shielded by something of that divinity
which hedges in a king. Listen to the strains
of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Harding,] always compact, pointed,
vigorous, and.perverse, as he reflects upon our
doom, on account of this great wickedness. I
read from his speech delivered upon this floor
a few days ago :
"The other prediction I wish to rccall is that of
another great man, from a different section^ of the
country, and, as I have said, great in a very different
way—a man who loved his country abovonll tilings
else, a man who looked into the future with almost
the vision of a prophet—Daniel Webster, lie is
reported to have exclaimed on one occasion:
'"Let these internal fanatics get control of the
Government and they will treat the decisions'of the
Supreme Court with contempt; they will make laws
to suit themselves; they will lay violent hands on
all who oppose them; they will bankrupt the coun-
trv^and finally deluge it with blood.*
''Now look at what has been done. That very party
obtained control of the Government. There has
been war; that war is over, but the Union is not re-
stored; and nt this very moment the public debt,
mountain high, is casting its deadly and blighting
shadow of bankruptcy over the whole country. We
are literally bankrupts to-day; and generations to
oome must he ground to tho earth under the crush-
ing weight of this monstrous debt. lias not the land
been deluged in blood, been literally reddened all
over with the blood of half a million men?
"And last, has not tho Supreme Court been treated
with contempt here in this very Hall? Yes, sir,
we have seen here the attempt to bring into ridi-
cule and contempt the last refuge of liberty for the
oppressed. The only hopo that now lights up the
darkness of the horizon is that court; and that court
has been rudely assailed here in this Hall, and why?
Because it proclaimed a truthknown to every lawyer
who has read at all. That truth was that a 'military
commission taking charge of a citizen not connected
with the Army or the Navy, and trying and execut-
ing him. is suilty of murder.' That is tho whole
of it. And I aver now that whenever a civilian not
connected with tho Army or the Navy is tried by a
military commission, sentenced and executed; that
is an act of cold-blooded murder; and there is not a
lawyer in the United States who can frame oven a
plausible defense for such an act. And for declaring
that truth tho Supreme Court of the United States
has been assailed and everywhere treated with con-
tempt. And now. right in the faeo of that decision
of the highest judicial tribunal of this country, it is
proposed to reenaet and sanction these bloody mili-
tary commissions." * * * * *
"IIow long do you suppose there will he any re-
spect felt for republican government in any part of
tiio country? When the Supreme Court ot the Uni-
ted States and the Chief Executive of tho nation are
denounced, when both are ridiculed and brought into
contempt, when one third of our whole territory is
surrendered up and passes into the hands of a bloody
despotism, how long will tho people revere the Con-
stitution? How longwill these military men in the
South be satisfied with this power, with^absoluteand
supreme power over one third of the Union? Does
any man suppose they will be content with that?
IIow longwill it be before thatdespotism will extend
and enlarge itself until it covers tho whole Union?"
"Mr. Speaker, those military men who receive these
appointments, who are to be intrusted with this
absolute power of life and death oyer loyal and dis-
loyal, must of necessity have the spirit of tyrants. It
is utterly impossible it can be otherwise. No matter
what is intended, such is tho result. You ore going
to place absolute power in the hands of the worst
men to be found in the United States. There is no
true patriot, no friend of his country, who will ever
aid in subverting anddestroying its liberty. In other
words, there is no man who will consent to do the
work of a tyrant who is not a traitor and a tyrant
himself. I say it boldly, whenever you pass this bill,
any man—I do not care what his fame may have been
before—who accepts an office like this of absolute
power of life and death over one third of tho whole
country, must necessarily be a tyrant and traitor."
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DUMONT. Yes.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman if he is aware that this assertion, so
often repeated upon this floor, that Daniel
Webster predicted that the abolitionists would
get possession of the Government, ruin it, &c.,
was one which he never made? It is not to
be found in any authorized edition of his works
and speeches. And I am ready to offer a large
premium to any one who will find it in any
authenticated edition of his works.
Mr. DUMONT. I do notsay whetherDaniel
Webster uttered that sentiment or not; I am
not sufficiently familiar with his writings, and
I confess I have not made any investigation to
assure myself. It occurred to me, however,
when I heard it, although the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Harding] would not have in-
troduced the statement unless he believed it to
be true and genuine, that it was in conflict with
the whole tenor of the life of Daniel Webster,
and a kind of libel upon his memory. That
it is not found in any authorized editions of
his works I do not think conclusive, because his
friends, those who revere his memory, might
have suppressed it as a blot upon his reputa-
tion, a spot upon the sun, a stain upon a stain-
less name. I thank the gentleman from Iowa
for bringing the matter to public attention, for
if it is not authentic, of which the gentle-
man is likely to be well informed, it is time it
was known.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky under-
took to lecture the member from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] for some expressions made by him
that he fancied did not comport with the for-
giving precepts of the New Testament; and
heariTig him I was sure he himself would go
through his own speech guiltless in that regard.
One of the Apostles of our blessed Saviour
said, "We know that we have passed from death
unto life because we love the brethren." As I
listened to the gentleman's scornful words—I
mean the honorable gentleman from Kentucky—
I was led to fear that he had not himself passed
through any such blessed transition. He seemed
to love the Supreme Court powerfully, but his
love for the soldier was not boisterous, kind of
latent, did not crop out much. I fancied that
in his words there was more scorn than love,
more venom than gratitude ; still he seemed to
be sincere in what he said and to speak in more
sorrow than anger, and I am sure I would not
wantonly add to liis grief.
"Oh! who a bleeding heart would sting?
For sorrow is a sacred thing."
We must not fall out nor speak as though
we had drank at the fountains of bitterness,
lest we give color to what was once said—but
that was in days of other years when plantation
manners were the standard of excellence—that
Congress was a collection of small men engaged
in the business of shaking their fists in each
other's faces.
But how long has it been since it came to
pass that courts might not be criticised in just,
temperate, truthful, and respectful language ?
It was not always so. On the contrary, Jef-
ferson and Jackson and Benton and Wright
; and Douglas and a host of other honorable
names who lived in the best days of the Repub-
lic, when Democrat meant democracy, did not
lift up their hands in horror if that thing was
done. Not a bit of it; but on the contrary,
they put no padlock upon their mouths and
submitted to no such slavish rule as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky might seem to favor,
when they deemed it proper and necessary to
speak. There may be times when the very
stones would speak if man became so base a
slave as to fail to do it.
Why, Jefferson, thegreatDemocraticapostle,
not only deemed it right and proper to criti-
cise, but went so far as to doubt the binding
! force of their adjudications, and to intimate
that if their judicial legislation and usurpations
were not checked they would sap the very
foundations of civil liberty. His own golden
utterances are better than my poor words. I
ask gentlemen to hear the language of the de-
parted sage; it may allay apprehensions and
tend to soothe and tranquilize. He is the self-
same Thomas Jefferson who said, referring to
the villainy of slavery; "I tremble for my
country when I reflect that God is just and that
His justice will not sleep forever."
Jefferson to Mr. Jarves, September 28, 1820.
" You seem to consider the judges as the ultimate
arbiters of all constitutional question?—a very dan-
gerous doctrinc indeed, and one which would place
us under the despotism of an oligarchy. Our judges
are as honest as other meu, and not more so. They
have, with others, the same passions lor party, for
power, and the privilegesof theircorps. Their maxim
is boni j>t<lici8 e*t ampharc jurisdictionem, and their
power the iuore dangerous, as they are in office tor
life, and not responsible, as the other functionaries
are, to tho elective control. The Constitution has
elected no such single tribunalknowing that to what-
ever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and
party, its members would become despots."
Jefferson to Mr. Hammond, Auguxt, 1821.
"It has long been my opinion that the germ of dis-
solution of our Federal Government is in the consti-
tution of the Federal judiciary—an irresponsible body,
(for impeachment is scarcely a scarecrow.) woiking
like gravity by night and by day, gaining a little to-
dav and a little more to-morrow, and advancing its
noiseless step like a thief over the field of jurisdic-
tion until all shall be usurped from the States and
the Government consolidated into one."
Jefferson to Edward Livingston, March 25, 1823.
"One single object, if your provision attains it,
will ontiMe you to the endless gratitude of society—
that of restraining judges from usurping legislation;
and with no body of men is this restraint morewant-
ing than with the judges of what is commonly called
our General Government, butwhat I call ourforeign
department. They are practicing on the Constitu-
tion by inferences, analogies, and sophisms, as they
would an ordinary law. They imagine they can lead
us to a consolidated Government, while their road
leads directly to a dissolution. This member of the
Government was at first considered as the most harm-
less and helpless of all its organs; but it has pjpved
the power of declaring what the law is ad hbxtuin;
by sapping and mining, slyly and without alarm, the
foundations of the Constitution, can do what op«n
force Would not dare to attempt."
