1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16?
o9tii Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
emed by an officer of tho Army not below the
rank ot' a brigadier genera!, to be assigned to
his command by the President, and calls for
a detail of a sufficient military force to enable
each commanding officer to perform his duties
and enforce his authority within the district to
which he is assigned. These officers are to
have supreme control over the persons and
property of all within their respective districts;
they are to have power to try offenders and to
sentence and imprison for an unlimited period
of time: to make confiscations of property and
exercise absolute and despotic power over the
people who are subjected to their authority,
people who have no right of appeal to any
court or reviewing tribunal in any case save
one—where a person shall have been con-
demned to suffer the death penalty, in which
case the proceedings on the trial and the sen-
tence must be forwarded to the President for
his approval.
Mr. Speaker, I am so amazed by this ex-
traordinary proposition as to be unable fully
to express my sentiments in regard to it at this
time. In those States which are to be made
by it the victims of military government and
military injustice the rebels had long ago laid
down their arms, peace existed, provisional
governors had been appointed, the civil powera
of the different States were in full play, the
courts were open and justice was peacefully
administered, everything was working regu-
larly and harmoniously toward complete re-
union, when this bill comes before us, over-
throwing all the work toward restoration done
in nearly two years, and proposingthe creation
of a body of military governors, not only un-
known to the Constitution of the United States,
but in direct violation of its isjunctions.
And now, sir, let me ask what necessity is
there for the passage of this bill, which, if it
shall pass, will change substantially the whole
form of our Government and present to the
world the strange spectacle of more than one
half of our country governed by the civil power
under the Constitution, and the remainder gov-
erned by a military despotism, in contravention
of the provisions of that instrument? This
proposition is not only inconsistent, ridiculous,
and absurd, it threatens not only to destroy the
rights, liberties, and privileges of the citizen,
but it threatens also to overthrow our repub-
lican form of government, and to override the
organic law of the nation. If the Congress
of the United States can place military govern-
ors over ten States of this Union in the ab-
sence of any constitutional right to do so, why
may they not place a military governor over
every other State, until at last we shall be
merged into an absolute monarchy or a mili-
tary despotism? The Constitution tells us that
the military must always be subordinate to the
civil power in time of peace? This Congress,
when it deemed it needful to urge that the
Constitution was in existence and required
amendment, as it did some time ago upon the
first amendment, demanded and secured the
assistance of three of those States which it is
now proposed to place under military law
before that constitutional amendment could be
legally approved of. For that purpose Con-
gress recognized those States as States in the
Union under the Constitution ; but when they
desired to be represented their representatives
were refused, and they were informed that
they were not States, but merely Territories.
How often has our Constitution been violated
within the last five years by the party in power ?
It would take up the balance of my time, Mr.
Speaker, to enumerate the one twentieth part
of the horrible violations of law committed by
that party during the rebellion; but I will cite
a few instances. The suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus, for example, in States not in
rebellion and where the civil courts were open;
the forcible invasion of private houses by pre-
tended officers without process of law ; the
incarceration of citizens for months without any
intimation as to the cause of their being placed
in confinement, and their release without any
explanation of why they were arrested or why
they were discharged; unlawful seizures of
property; cruel and unusual punishments, &c.;
all these and many other shameful acts of vio-
lence, in direct contravention of the organic
law of the land, which law, if obeyed and
regarded, would have been amply sufficient to
protect the rights, liberties, and privileges of
the citizen, and at the same time to enforce the
authority of the Jjovernment. Before this bill
passes 1 should like to hear the gentleman hav-
ing it in charge—although it comes to us in the
shape of an amendment adopted by the Senate
upon the motion of Senator Sherman—I would
like to ask the gentleman who has this bill in
charge to explain to me the necessity for its
passage. However, my time is limited, and he
will be entitled to the closing argument.
I wiilpassby the incorrectness of the pream-
ble, which denies the existence of any legal
State governments or ariy adequate protection
for life or property in the States named. If it
be true that those State governments are not
legal, why not? Several instances occur to my
mind in which, when it was necessary to use
them as States possessing legal State govern-
ments, Congress demanded concessions from
them as States, and held the Constitution of
the United States in terrorem. over their heads
until their demands were complied with. But
we find now that no sooner do those States yield
to these demands made upon them as States
than Congiess, throwing aside the Constitution,
proposes to deny them any legal existence as
States. This measure is in harmony with the
inconsistent legislation that has characterized
the greater portion of the existence of this
Congress.
But we are told in the preamble that no ade-
quate protection for life or property now exists
in the hitherto rebel States. Now, sir, from
the information which I have received from
various quarters I am clearly of the opinion
that that statement is not true in point of fact.
But even if it were so the difficulty could be
remedied, and life and property might receive
adequate protection under existing laws. \\ ith
i the power of the President of the United
I States, having control of the Army and Navy,
might he not have sent, and can he not now
send, without the passage of any such bill as
this, any portion or if necessary the whole of
the Army of the United States for the purpose
of securing adequate protection to life and
property? It is not my design, Mr. Speaker,
to contend that adequate protection shall not
be given to life, liberty, and property in that
portion of the Republic, and it is not because
I do not wish to see such protection secured'to
the people there that I oppose the passage of
this bill. But, sir, I oppose it because it is
based upon a principle so contrary to my sense
of right in such gross violation of the great
principles upon which our Republic was
founded, in such plain contravention of the
organic law of the land under which we have
lived and prospered and grown great for nearly
three quarters of a century, that I feel impelled
by a sense of duty to my constituents to rise
upon the floor and protest in their behalf, in
the name of the Republic, and in the name of
the Constitution of the United States, against
this invasion and violation of that instrument
and of the rights of the people of America.
Are we drifting into a revolution ? Pass this
bill, and my word for it it will come at no dis-
tant day. We are tending, it appears, toward
a monarchical government, and the first step
toward that is to put the military power unlaw-
fully above the civil power under pretense of
preserving peace and maintaining justice and
securing protection to a certain portion of the
people of a certain section of the country.
Without the passage of this bill, as the law
now stands, it is the President's sworn duty to
carry out all that is contemplated by this bill,
if the intention of the bill is honestly expressed
in the preamble. But, sir, in niy judgment,
the designs of this bill are uot expressed ; there
is a cat under the meal. This is a mad at-
tempt to make history repeat itself. Rome,
when she was in the zenith of herpower, con-
tributed by her government to the happiness
and greatness of her people ; but tha time came
when bad men were chosen to direct the ship
of state, and she at last fell a martyr to the
cry of "justice, protection to the citizen;"
and where is she now? Controlled by such
laws as this which we are now asked to enact
for the southern portion of our own country,
all that remains of her might be summed up in
her feitle, the Seven-Hilled City.
If Robespierre, when he made the guillotine
wreak with the blood of innocent men, some
of whom were sacrificed for differing in opinion
from him and his colleagues, and others for
refusing to be as "progressive" as he required,
(and I do not wish to institute any invidious
comparisons, or I might point out those in this
country who are quite as progressive as were
the men of that day.) Robespierre, I say,
would have been delighted to have had such a
semblance of authority for his actions as is
now proposed to be given to these military
officers by this bill. Robespierre had no sanc-
tion of law for his crimes; but under the name
of suppressing insurrection and violence, these
governors who are to be appointed under this
bill, may do all that Robespierre did; may
violate every command in the Decalogue and
escape all punishment; for there is no right
conferred upon any one to try or punish them
for their misdeeds. No voice of complaint
may come up from the prison house after con-
demnation by one of these military tribunals.
The weeping and wailing of the unfortunates
who may be stripped of their property and
dragged from their homes under the provisions
of this bill can never reach the Executive
Mansion or this body. The commanding
general interposes an impassable barrier in the
way of an appeal for a review of his decision.
However illegally these generals may conduct
themselves there is no provision in the Con-
stitution which recognizes them or holds them
to any responsibility, nor is there one single
word, a saving-clause, in the bill itself by which
they may be tried or punished for their mis-
conduct.
Can any man in this House tell me from
whence the authority is derived to pass this
bill ? The powers of Congress are clearly de-
fined by the Constitution. Each branch of the
Government has its rights and powers defined
and limited by the Constitution; and there is
not one single line or word in that hitherto
sacred instrument that can possibly be cited to
justify the passage of this anomalous, this
dangerous, this wicked bill. Has it come to
this, that the Congress of the United States is
ready to substitute its own will for the author-
ity of the Constitution, and to weaken the force
of the Government by attempting to withdraw
from the President his constitutional powers,
and to create illegal tribunals in violation of
the organic law? I understand that the original
bill for which this amendment has been substi-
tuted purposed to take away from the Pres-
ident the right to assign these officers to their
respective commands; but a little reflection
induced the Senate to see that there was a
limit beyond which even that body could not
go without outraging the public sense as well
as the organic law, and in this amendment
they have kindly consented to permit the Pres-
ident to assign those gentlemen to the com-
mand of their respective districts. Is not the
Army of the United States as competent now,
if ordered down into those hitherto rebel States,
to secure adequate protection to the citizen
as a portion of that same Army will be when
sent down under the provisions of this bill. If
the Army were sent there in the former way,
an officer who misbehaved himself in any way
