170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Taylor.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
ing step to the music of the Union,'' and
deposited their ballots for T. A. R. Nelson,
Horace Mayxard, and George Bridges as the
Union candidates for the national Congress.
What was the result? All three were elected.
All these gentlemen tried to get to Washington.
Mr. Nelson was captured on the way, so also
was Mr. Bridges after he had crossed the Ken-
tucky line; but Mr. Mayjtard was fortunate
enough to escape through Kentucky, and came
here, not with nis credentials legally made out,
signed by the Governor, and sealed with the
great seal of the State; no, sir, but he came
with only sheriff's certificates or his own state-
ment, stating that he had been elected. What
did thisbodydo? Did they turn him away and
say this was no longer a State or was outside
of the Union? No, sir, but they accepted his
credentials such as they were. He was sworn
in at that desk as a member of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, and served his term out. Mr.
Bridges, after having been captured, and after
remaining under arrest in the hands of the
rebels—I do not know how long—in 1863 came
here, was accepted, and received pay as a
member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
And again, sir, did you not receive members
and Senators from the State of Virginia after
that State had seceded, placed herself in hos-
tile array against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and had her armies spread broad-
cast throughout the southern confederacy and
all along the borders? Did you notgo further,
sir? If secession or rebellion or both de-
stroyed the State of Virginia, or placed her out-
side of the Union, how happens it that after
her secession and actual armed rebellion and
many acts of war you solemnly accepted at
the hands of a Virginia Legislature the ces-
sion of forty-six counties of her territory,
which were subsequently erected into the State
of West Virginia, and have been ever since
represented in this House and in the Senate
as a State? These are hard questions, Mr.
Chairman, and honest answers will start the
blush of shame and conscious condemnation
on the cheeks of those who seek to justify
their patent violations of the Constitution and
their flagrant usurpations of power upon the
plea that the rebel States are dead or out of
the Union. Now, if secession and rebellion
.did not destroy or put out of the Union Ten-
nessee and Virginia in the judgment of Con-
gress, it is clear that they did not destroy nor
put out of the Union the other rebel States,
in the opinion of.Congress, but if the facts
stated prove anything they demonstrate that
Congress recognized both those States, long
after their secession and rebellion, as States
and as in the Union, therefore Congress re-
garded them all as States in the Union.
The following resolution introduced into the
House on the 22d of July, 1861, by the ven-
erable patriot and statesman, John J. Critten-
den, of Kentucky, and adopted with almost
entire unanimity, not only solemnly declares
the purposes of the war but the perpetuity of
"all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States
" Eetohed, That the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionists
of the southern States, now in arms against the con-
stitutional Government, and in arms around the
capital; that in this national emergency Congress,
banishing all feelings of mere passion or resentment,
will recollect only its duty to thewholecountry; that
this war is not waged on their part in any spirit of
oppression, or for any purpose of conquest or subju-
gation, or purpose of overthrowingor interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and to preserve the Union, with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired; and that as soon as these objects are
accomplished the war ought to cease."
I might cite many other illustrations and
examples to show that the Congress of the
United States, upon many occasions and at
sundry times, recognized them as States and
so declared them. The most distinguished and
able Radical members of this Congress acknowl-
edge and proclaim in their speeches the exist-
ence and perpetuity of the lately rebel States.
The executive branch and the judicial branch1
of the Government, all through the last and
present Administrations, have sustained the
same view. Many gentlemen on this floor and
in the Senate have made themselves hoarse in
denouncing the contumacy of the Legislatures
of these States in failing to ratify the constitu-
tional amendment proposed by this Congress,
and yet maintain that the States are defunct
and their Legislatures bogus.
But that is not all. When I come down
here into this Congress I find, as I said, dis-
tinguished gentlemen, now not cooperating with
me upon general questions, in their able argu-
ments presenting the same fundamental idea
that these southern States are and all the time
have been States, and States in the Union. I
was glad to hear the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] the other day admit
and defend that doctrine. It is .one, sir, which
he could not refuse to maintain without differ-
ing with Congress throughout the war, with
the Supreme Court, and with the action of the
executive and every department of the Gov-
ernment. He is perfectly consistent with all
these when he assumes this position as he does.
These States have never ceased to exist as
States, and are such legally this day.
But there is a point in the gentleman's argu-
ment to which I.wish to call the attention of
the country. I would like to know how any
gentleman can with sound logic assume these
States of the southern confederacy are States
in the Union under the Constitution, and yet
in the next breath deny to them the equality
of rights that belong to States legally in the
Union. If you acknowledge that South Caro-
lina, Virginia, North Carolina, and all the con-
federate States are States, and in the Union
under the Constitution, then I maintain as the
inevitable logical sequence that they are justly
entitled to all the rights of all the other States
in the Union, and you cannot successfully
combat that conclusion without violation of the
logic of the case.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it any wonder that
the present President of the United States,
following in the track of his illustrious prede-
cessor, with all these facts of history staring
him in the face, himself a part of the history
of Mr. Lincoln's policy, (havingbeen appointed
by him provisional and military governor of
the State of Tennessee, then in rebellion, and
snatching as it were that State from the very
vortex of revolution itself, reducing it to order
and bringing it back to its normal relations
to the Government of the United States,)
I say, is it any wonder, with these facts of
history before him, so recent and so fresh,
whereof he was himself a part, that he should
endeavor to reconstruct or restore this Gov-
ernment according to the fixed policy which
had controlled Congress, the Supreme Court
of the United States, the former President,
and all of the military authorities? I think
there is no matter of astonishment in that.
Let us glance at the
president's policy.
Before the war the Federal Government, in
the exercise of complete jurisdiction under the
Constitution over all the States, performed
faithfully toward them all the prescribed func-
tions of national Government. The States on
their part discharged duly their obligations
self-imposed under the Constitution, and en-
joyed all the privileges guarantied to them by
that instrument. The Government secured
life, liberty, and property, and all the machin-
ery, civil and military, necessary to protect
them. The States acknowledged allegiance,
and gave dutiful and loyal obedience in return.
Fealty of the States to the Government was
the price of its protection. Peace, harmony,
prosperity, and expanding civilization were
the grand resultants of these reciprocal rela-
tions. The legal right of the Government was
perfect, the exercise of that right unquestioned
and unobstructed, and the resulting obliga-
tions and privileges of the States were equally
perfect. Secession came and rebellion. War
followed hard after. Now, let me ask what,
effect did war produce? Did it destroy the
right of the Federal Government to constitu-
tional jurisdiction over the seceded States?
Undoubtedly not; it only suspended the ex-
ercise of that right. Did it weaken, impair, or
destroy the obligations of those States to the
Government or nullify their right to those priv:
ileges under the Constitution? It only hindered
the faithful discharge of those obligations, and
prevented for the time the enjoyment of those
privileges. Did war destroy the Constitution
or impair the rights it conferred or the obliga-
tions it imposed upon the respective belliger-
ents ? Clearly no; it only rendered perfect
compliance with its stipulations and require-
ments temporarily impossible pending the con-
test. The States are bodies corporate and
politic, created by the people and communi-
ties for their convenience, protection, and wel-
fare. Their existence depends upon the will
of the people, their creator; their form and
powers are defined and prescribed and limited
in the written constitutions of each and in the
Constitution of the United States, all of which
instruments are but the solemnly recorded
expression of the sovereign will of the people
of the several States and of the whole nation.
But the Constitution of the United States no-
where declares that the rebellion of a portion
of the people of any State or States works a
forfeiture of the existence of such State or
States, nor does it lay down any condition upon
the happening of which such forfeiture can take
place ; nor does it recognize any possible con-
tingency in which the Union of the States can
be dissolved. Hence, therefore, rebellion and
civil war can no more annihilate a State than
secession can legally dissolve the bonds of the
Union. Congress, indeed, may and is bound
to provide for the common defense against
invasion, rebellion, and insurrection, and to
guaranty to each State a government repub-
lican in form ; but Congress can find no consti-
tutional authority to dissolve or destroy a State
government republican in form, and giving
allegiance, in fact, to the national Government,
any more than it can find a constitutional
authority to legalize secession.
A State cannot commit treason nor commit
suicide, nor has Congress any more authority
to punish a State than it has to destroy it.
But if citizens are guilty of treason they incur
the penalties of the law, and ought to be pun-
ished or pardoned as wise policy and the inter-
est of the nation may dictate.
But, to resume, the war destroyed no States,
nor did it confer on Congress any authority to
destroy States. It temporarily alienated the
governments of certain States from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and severed the
reciprocal relations of those States and the
national Government. But victory came to
our standard, and, with her, smiling peace re-
turned to gladden the land. Now, what was
the effect of victory to our arms and what the
result of peace ? Secession, pierced with count-
less mortal wounds, was slain; rebellion, encir-
cled by lines of devouring fire, scathed and
crushed by bolts of loyal wrath, its armies de-
feated and bleeding, its strongholds captured,
its navy stranded and sunk, its commerce
destroyed, its ports blockaded, its cities des-
olated with grass-grown streets, its industries
paralyzed, its very vitals penetrated by the
sword, and its wasted fields sprinkled all over
with the blood of uncounted victims, now rest-
ing in red garments beneath their sod, deserted
by friends, by its foes beset on every hand,
with the brand of Cain blazing on its horrid
front, and smothered in the blood of a million
men, it died.
Our brave soldiers fought and bled, sacri-
ficed and suffered, and thousands of them
