1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
is flanked by a cornfield on the north. A rebel
guard lire is visible along the road east of them
and one west. Atthe point they have reached
the sentinels meet. Within thirty paces of
this point our pilgrims await the advance and
departure of the guards. Bout face, tramp,
tramp, tramp ! they are gone. But the frozen
road still gives back the sound of their retiring
footsteps. "Now boys," whispers the pilot,
'■now is our time, follow me in silence and do as
you see me do.'' Like specters, bending almost
to the ground, they glide tiptoe nearly to the
road. Down on his hands and knees goes the
guide, on hands and knees all follow. The
road is reached. Here the pilot stretches him-
self full length upon his face and crawls across
the road, and twenty men as noiselessly follow
in his track. The fence is passed, the cornfield
entered, the forest regained north of the road,
the river is safely forded. The first spur of
the Cumberland is reached, and wearily our
little squad, rejoicing over their success in pass-
ing the last guarded line is toiling toward its
summit. But hark! what mean those sounds
in the distant rear? The rebel bugle loud and
clear calls to rendezvous. Listen ! those were
musket shots. Again, again! They are,they
must be signal guns.
Now pilgrims of liberty, haste, haste for life,
pause not nor rest ye till the tall Cumberland
is safely passed. Fly or ye are lost.
In crawling across the road a part of the con-
tents of a haversack was spilled, over which a
rebel sentinel stumbled. He strikes a light and
there he finds the well-defined track of our trav-
elers. Hence the bugle call, hence the signal
guns. But thanks to rugged mountains and
pathless forests, and signal calls, pursuit was
vain.
The Cumberland is passed. Kentucky gained,
and at last footsore and worn down with travel,
and privation, hunger, and cold, our little com-
pany of loyal mountain boys hail the starry
flag at Camp Nelson with unspeakable joy, enter
at once the national service, and give themselves
to their country to the end of the war.
This little picture, sir, with a thousand varia-
tions of thrilling and romantic incident, illus-
trates the principal facts in the experience
of the great mass of the volunteer Union
soldiery of East Tennessee. But it does not
present a faint idea of the hardships, privations,
perils, and sufferings of many hundreds of them
who were captured in attempting to elude the
conscription, escaped from the rebel armies or
from prisons afterward, joined the national
forces and fought to the end of the war with
ropes around their necks, regarded as they were
by the rebel authorities as deserters from their
army, and liable to be court-martialed and pun-
ished as deserters whenever captured, as indeed
some of them were.
But, sir, did these mountain boys prove wor-
thy of the glorious banner they upheld in the
war? Were they worthy sons of noble sires?
Did they honor the land that gave them birth
and shed luster upon the arms of the great
Republic? Go ask Burnside and Rosecrans,
Sherman and Thomas, Carter and Gillem, and
Grant. Let Mill Spring and Murfreesboro, let
Bean's Station, Mossy Creek, BlueSpring, and
the siege of Knoxville answer. Let Chica-
mauga, and Mission Ridge respond in the hour
of disaster and amid the shouts of victory. Let
the bloody triumph of Donelson and the peal-
ing thunders of Shiloh reply. Let Sherman's
blazing march to the sea give answer.
Why did they not remain in their own
country? It was not because there were pre-
miums and rich rewards awaiting them if they
would take the arms of the Union and fight
under its flag. It was not that there were hopes
of future pronation held out as beacons in
the distance to allure them from their obscurity
into distinction. No, sir ; they were impelled
' by the spirit of devotion that burned within
them toward the country and the Government
of their fathers, and by no other feeling. But
how many men do you suppose the mountains
of East Tennessee furnished to the armies of
the LTnited States, most of them escaping in
the way I have related? Out of three hundred
thousand inhabitants and forty thousand voters,
out of a Union-voting population of thirty-five
thousand or less, there were, according to the
best estimate that can be made, thirty thousand
who bore the arms and wore the uniform of
the United States, and fought under its banner.
Sir, I can say for Tennessee generally, and
for my own section especially, that I never
heard during the whole war of a case of a
drafted man nor a hired substitute for the
Union Army. They fought under the banner
of their country because they wanted to save
the nation ; and thousands of them bit the dust
in battle, and thus sealed their patriotism by
their death.
But, sir, the services that these people ren-
dered during the war history will never record.
In the history of this great war, with its multi-
plicity of general facts, the various heroic acts
performed by individuals and by small bodies
of men among those mountains can never find
a place. But that section for generations yet
to come, for ages far in the distance, will teem
with the records, unwritten it may be, but not
the less romantic, not the less honorable to
them—traditionary legends, that will make 1
classic the soil of that glorious Switzerland of
America. Sir, every inch of it is classic
ground already, for along its hillsides and its
valleys the blood of patriots has sprinkled the
dust, and the graves of heroes unknown to
fame, with their bloody shrouds around their
sleeping dust, sanctify the soil.
There the northern man and the Tennes-
seean side by side, under the same starry ban-
ner, met the foe, and there together their blood
mingled upon the green sod it made rich as it
flowed; and beneath it to-day in the embrace
of death the Northman and the Southman, the
Tennesseean and the New Englander, sleep
side by side in the grave of glory where their
patriotism and courage have laid them to rest.
Go and gaze upon yonder tremendous scenes
that greet the vision about the heights around
Chattanooga. Rosecrans had met the foe and
felt the power of his crushing steel, and disas-
ter had come upon him, but the heroic Grant,
whose name has ever been associated with suc-
cess, followed close, and within three short
months snatched from the jaws of defeat the
shinning banner of victory, and on Mission
Ridge and the heights of Lookout mountain
the stars and stripes waved triumphantly and
gloriously once more. Follow the dauntless
Thomas along hi& bloody, blazing track into
the midst of the enemy; watch the impetuous
and fiery Sherman as he leads his fearless
corps along the slippery steeps of Mission
Ridge and there secures imperishable fame;
See the victorious Hooker as he follows the
American eagle up the rock-ribbed sides of
Lookout mountain, wins a great battle on its
summit, and responds in thunder tones frona
the field of his freshly-won glory above the
clouds of heaven, to the triumphant shouts
of victory from the echoing thunder of the
conquering armies in the valleys below, and
then tell me, sir, if every foot of ground in
East Tennessee is not classic ground. She
goes down to fame also as an illustration of
the strength, the vigor, the endurance, the
fortitude, the fidelity, the courage, and the
unfaltering devotion of loyal hearts when thus
left unprotected by the Government and with-
out the banner and shield of the country over
them.
But, sir, what have been the sufferings of
these people? I have alluded to their ser-
vices. They suffered the loss of all things but
life and honor for the love of that flag and all
that it represents. The richest in the progress
of the war, because they loved their country,
became as poor as the poorest. Rebels seized
their property without paying for it, or paid
with worthless paper, but when the Union
forces came, of the remnant that was left, with
cheerful spirit they divided with the Union
soldier until their last spoonful of salt was
gone, and until they had broken and divided
their last biscuit, and they were left without
food for their hungry children.
But if you would know something of the for-
titude of the brave and the sufferings of the
loyal for the cause they loved, I ask you to
visit the dark and loathsome prisons of Mad-
ison, Macon, and Montgomery, Salisbury, Tus-
caloosa, and Belle Isle, Knoxville, Nashville,
and Andersonville, and ask the slumbering
echoes to give back to your ear the sighs and
groans and shrieks of despair and agony that
once went up to the ear of God out of the '
bursting hearts and parching lips of Tennessee
prisoners dying there by inches because they
were loyal. Visit the silent, solemn burying
grounds where the little white board with black
letters tells the tale of woe and mortality, and
in every one of them you will find the patriot
Tennessean sleeping his last sleep. All those
tell of the sufferings endured there by the old
and middle-aged, snatched from home by the
hand of ruthless power, taken from wives and
little children and consigned to death through
filth, vermin, and starvation. Methinks, sir,
when you remember these you can form some
idea of the sufferings of the lo^al people of Ten-
nessee. It is not fancy, sir, it is fact, and I dare
not lift up the curtain to reveal it all; the pic-
ture is too dark for humanity to contemplate. I
know, sir, these were the sad fruits of mania,
the madness of secession and rebellion, and I
recall them not now to stir up the indignation
of any against the frantic perpetrators of such
mad crimes; nor would I invoke upon the
crushed and vanquished, ruined but repentant
subjects of that lunacy, vindictive retaliation or
revenge. Nor would I conceal my conviction
that the fearful crimes resulting from rebellion
were not approved nor justified nor even pal-
liated by the great mass of our misguided citi-
zens who were lead or driven to abandon their
allegiance. They lie at the door and crimson
the souls of that potent commanding few who
intelligently and freely of their own accord
conceived and instituted secession and will-
fully plunged the nation into rebellion. Such
are amenable to the laws and, in the hand of
Him who hath said, "Vengeance is mine: I
will repay."
But, sir, my object is to enforce upon the
public mind and heart the superlative claims
of loyal Tennesseans and all other loyal claim-
ants in the rebel States to prompt and com-
plete justice at the hands of the Government.
All these things, sir, and much more which I
have not hinted at, were suffered and endured
on account of the loyalty of this people; and
besides, they were bereft of all or nearly all
their substance and reduced as a people in
large part to absolute penury and want. Lit-
tle Heritage have we of East Tennessee to-day
but our poverty and our patriotism. We thank
God for the one, and by His blessing, if our
country will but be just to us, we can survive
the other.
Sir, these people contributed all they had
left to the cause. They not only divided, but
they gave all up out of love for their country.
I tell but the simple truth when I say at the
end of the war it was a matter of profoundept
astonishment to me when I returned to East
Tennessee to see anything or anybody living
in the land. The storm of war had swept back
and again throughout its length and breadth,
through its narrow valleys, and over itshill-sides,
until there was left in many cases nothing but
the ruins of once happy homes, the blackened
chimneys of burned dwellings, or the wasted,
thrown-out fenceless farms where families had
once lived that werfe now scattered and gone.
Now, when the Army of the United States
came into thftt portion of the county, as I have
already remarked, our people met the troops
