174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Banks.
o9th Cong....2d Srss.
with an open liatid and a generous and liberal
heart, and gave most of all they bad to assist
their country. They gave their property, their
toil, their labor, their suffering, and in a thou-
sand instances their lives to their country. And
they are now in poverty ; not only the men who
entered the Army and fought, but those also
who remained at home to take care of the
women and children; the great mass of them
are in poverty.
Now, I ask is it demanding too much of this
great and magnanimous Government when we
come here and ask, not for any gratuity, for we
do not bend the supple hinges of the knee and
get down before Congress and sue for a dona-
tion ; but we come here to Congress and de-
mand that the Government shall pay its just
debts, what it honestly owes to the patriotic
mountaineers of East Tennessee and to the
loyal people of the whole State. We say, pay
us for our property used, consumed, damaged,
or-destroyed in defense of our common eouu-
try; that is all we ask.
And how are we met? Nearly every day
millions are voted of the public money for this
that and the other public work. And we are
so liberal that we can expend from two to three
hundred million dollars a year in the ordinary
expenditures of the Government. But when
we present the case of the poor suffering patri-
otic citizen of Tennessee, one of those who
not only shed their blood, but gave all their
substance to assist the Government, we are to
be put off from month to month and session
to session, until at last our claims will become
like those for French spoliations, so old that
no one will listen to them nor heed them.
We pay millions of dollars yearly for Indian
annuities. You pay large sums to Missouri,
allowed by military commissions; millions to
West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and
why not adjust and pay the poor people of
Tennessee, who have suffered all they could
suffer but extinction, and lost all they could
lose of estate except their land, and many even
must lose that because this Government with-
holds justice.
Now, I ask, is that just, much less generous?
I called at the beginning of this session upon
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] the
chairman of the Committee of Claims, to which
committee had been referred a resolution pre-
sented by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Trowbridge] during the last session, propos-
ing the establishment of acommission toinvest-
igate the claims of the loyal people of Tennes-
see, and adjust and settle them, and put them
in train for payment. But the chairman told
me that the committee would not report that
resolution. I then came to the House here and
asked that the House should instruct the com-
mittee to report the resolution only that we
might have an opportunity to act upon it. But
the House would not even consider it. I have
since urged, begged, and implored the chair-
man to report the proposition to the House,
even if adversely, so that we might get it before
the House and have an opportunity to present
the facts, and let Congress determine whether
or not these debts should be paid. But that
was refused.
Now, I present this state of facts to the
country, and I ask the American people if it
is not an outrage that the patriotic people of
Tennessee should be crushed by the injustice
of the American Congress, and put off -from
month to month, and year to year, until they
go to their graves with thSir just claims un-
paid ? "The day has come when Congress should
act justly toward the people.
I call upon this Congress to do so. Send
out a commission, and let that commission
upon the ground examine into the merits of
all cases. Let them hear and determine upon
the claim of this man who asks twenty-five
dollars only for the property your soldiers took
from him, with or without his consent; or thfr
claim of that loyal man of fifty dollars for his
last cow, or of the other man of $100 for the
mule which the Union Army took and carried
away; and the claims for corn, wheat, hay,
oats, and everything by the Union Army used,
injured, consumed, or destroyed, belonging to
! loyal persons, and even the garments and bed-
clothing which were taken from the women and
children in order to cover shivering soldiers
from the blasts of winter. I call upon Con-
gress to send a commission out there to invest-
igate, adjust, settle, and pay claims which this
Government owes in honor and justice to the
people of my State.
Asking pardon for having trespassed thus
long upon the attention of the House at this
hour of the night I will now close.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HOX. N. P. BANKS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS, '
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1807.
The Houso having under consideration the bill (H.
R.No. 1143) to provide for the more effectual govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. BANKS said :
Mr. Speaker : Nothing was further from my
purpose than to enter into a discussion of this
1 question at this time. My first intention was,
I as it always has been my desire, to support
all measures reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction. On reflection and a more
careful examination of the military bill for the
government of the insurgent States, it seemed
1 am compelled to change my purpose ; and I
wish to state briefly my reasons for that con-
clusion. It is my belief that the States lately
ii in rebellion are still States of the Union. They
have not lost their legal character as States.
They were made States by the action of the peo-
ple and of the General Government, and they
cannot change that condition except by the
consent of the General Government. That
consent has never been given. The general
grounds for this opinion I shall not attempt
to enter upon at this time, but I venture to
say that there is nothing in theory of law or
fact which deprives them of their legal exist-
ence as States of the Union. But Congress,
by the votes of two Houses, with approval of
the President, by many acts from 1861 to 1865,
have deprived the people of these States of all
right to cooperate in the government of this
country. The loyal and disloyal alike are
denied this privilege. Th§ States as they
stand are left with a legal recognized exist-
ence, but the people are without power, as a
matter of right, to participate in the Govern-
ment.
Now, I understand the position of these
people to be this, according to received doc-
trines of international law: there are three con-
ditions of a Government. It may be at peace,
g,t war, or in an intermediate condition of sus-
pended war, which is called a state of siege.
The people are in exercise of political privi-
leges, more or less extensive, according to the
will of the governing power, but without any
absolute right of their own to control affairs.
That is the condition of the people of the in-
surgent States. It is not one of peace or war;
it is a state of siege. We hold them in this
condition until governments shall be estab-
lished by the consent of Congress in which
they shall participate. This is a military con-
dition. The fundamental law of these States
is martial law. Whatever is done or has been
done by Congress, by the President, or by mil-
itary officers, has been done and will be done in
virtue of the military power and the right given
in the Constitution to declare war. We may
allow them to exercise such power as may not
be inconsistent with public safety. The limit
of our power in this regard is that which is
necessary for the safety and welfare of the Union
according to the theory of our Government.
This is the theory of continental writers upon
international law, and it has been adopted by.
the law officers of this Government.
It is not my purpose to complain of what
has be.-:i done. I am willing to assume that
it has been done in good faith and with a
proper regard for the rights of the Government
and of the people. But this much I will say:
the result of what has been done in the insur-
gent States is to bring the enemies of this
country foremost into power, and to place un-
der their jurisdiction and control all the loyal
and well-disposed citizens of those States. To
that result 1 object; and I am in favor of any
measure the most stringent and the most
thorough that shall reverse that condition of .
things, repress the enemies of the country,
and elevate the well-disposed and loyal portion
of that population.
Now, sir, I regret to be compelled to speak
of the bill which has been reported by the
joint Committee on Reconstruction as I shall
do. It seems to me that any bill which shali
place these States under military or martial
law is proper; and I do not object to any
measure which shall propose to accomplish
that purpose But this bill proposes to do
more, much more. It establishes what may
be termed a complete frame of civil govern-
ment, to be administered by the regular Army
without restriction or limitation of power ex-
cept'the discretion of its officers. The regular
Army administering this power is without
responsibility to the Constitution, to Congress,
or to the people. It is responsible only to the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
and those charged with its administration.
Whatever malfeasance may occur can be tried
only by the officers, under its own rules and
regulations of the Army.
Now, if I am mistaken in that interpretation
of its terms, I shall willingly ask pardon of the
committee. But if I am right, then I think
that no member of this House will desire that
'this bill shall be a law without some modifica-
tions. I read from the third section of this bill,
as follows:
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to protect
all persons in their rights of person and property, to
suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence, and to
punish, or cause to be punished, all disturbers pf tho
publio peace and criminals, and to this end he may
allow civil tribunals to take jurisdiction of and to try
offenders, or, when in his judgment it may be neces-
sary for the trial of offenders, he shall have power to
organize military commissions or tribunals for that
purpose, anything in the constitution and laws of the
so-called States to the contrary notwithstanding;
and all legislative or judicial proceedings or processes
to prevent or control the proceedings of said military
tribunals, and all interference by said pretended
State government with the exercise of military au-
thority under this act, shall be void and of no effect.
This gives them the control of all questions
of persons and property. It enables them to
recognize existing State governments just so far
as they shall choose. It enables them to make
such reports of the condition and character of
these governments as they please, and the peo-
ple, without means tor obtain other information,
will be compelled to receive such reports as
official, and to a great extent to accept their
conclusions. It authorizes them, if dissatisfied
with the State tribunals, to establish military
commissions and tribunals of their own, " and
all legislative or judicial proceedings or pro-
cesses to prevent or control the proceedings of
said military tribunals " is declared to be "void
and of no effect."
That power is not qualified in any respect.
If it is intended to have reference only to the
Legislatures and the judiciary of the insurgent
States, it is unobjectionable. But it is not so
limited and is liable at least to the interpretation
I have given it by those who are to administer
it. There is no positive limitation to these
State tribunals and Legislatures. On the con-
trary, the fourth section provides that no court
or judicial officers of the United States shall
issue writs of habeas corpus in behalf of per-
