1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
39th Com...2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Banks.
IIo. of Reps.
sons in military custody " unless some commis-
sioned otlieers shall certify in advance that he
believes the detention to be wrongful. Now
that, with the paragraph immediately preced-
ing it, which I have read, would imply that
Congress will have as little right to proceed
against them in a legislative as in a judicial
capacity.
I do not think that the' members of this
House will be willing to pass an act which will
bear that construction, and I trust that so much
of this bill as implies, if it does not establish,
a frame of civil government which embraces
all the powers given by the Constitution of the
United States, except perhaps the right to
treat with foreign nations, to be administered
by the officers of the regular Army without
responsibility except to any officers under Army
regulations, will be stricken from the bill, or
so modified as to obviate that objection. I
repeat that any power of a military character
which may be demanded for the protection of
the people of that part of the country I shall
be entirely willing to concede.
Mr. Speaker. I have another ob jection. There
is not a line or a letter in the body of thi3 bill
which limits the duration of its operation or
looks to the establishment of any other gov-
ernment except this which is to be adminis-
tered by the regular Army. I know that in
the preamble it is stated that this bill is to be
in force until loyal and republican State gov-
ernments can be legally established. But the
preamble is no part of the law; and my con-
viction, founded upon personal experience,
compels me to say that I do not think the admin-
istration of the officers of the regular Army
will tend to the reestabKshment of a loyal and
republican government. History does not jus-
tify us in expecting the restoration of over-
thrown republican or democratic governments
through the intervention of purely military
governments or of standing armies. I have
never known a tendency to such results, and 1
do not believe that if this bill shall be passed,
with its unrestricted and unlimited power, it
will have any other effect than to crush out
the spirit of loyalty so far as that spirit has an
existence in those States.
Mr. Speaker, it is my belief that the hope
of this country for reconstruction of the Gov-
ernment is in the masses of the people, the
uneducated, the poor, the powerless masses of
the people of these States, whom we ought to
educate and elevate. Whenever we shall have
so far progressed in our work as to give them
power and a comprehension of what they and
their descendants are to gain from the Govern-
ment of the United States, they will become
the truest and best friends this Government
has ever had. Against this democracy, this
lower order of society in the insurgent States,
there is the aristocracy, influential, educated,
wealthy, powerful, and absolute in its control
of public action beyond any aristocracy else-
where existing. In the administration of purely
military law I believe that the influence of the
regular Army will fraternize with this aristoc-
racy against this democracy ; and so far as this
occurs we shall be deprived of the only basis
we can have for the restoration of a loyal or
democratic Government in this country.
If there is any hope for the Government of
the United States, (and. sir, I sometimes fear
that we may be deprived of even that which
was left to Alexander after he apportioned his
estates to his favorites—hope,) if there be any
hope, it is in the millions of the common people
of the South; and if we have anything to fear
from any portion of the population there, it is
from those implacable public enemies who are
wedded to the doctrines and the privileges of
aristocracy, and to whom we owe exclusively
all the sufferings and sorrows of the age in
which we live.
W hatever measures, whatever form of gov-
ernment shall be adopted, I wish to place my-
self with the democracy and against the aris-
tocracy of these States; and I fear that the
machinery of this bill will not tend to that end.
I have another suggestion to make. The bill
proposes to give to the General of the Army
power to appoint these officers. I have no fear
of General Grant. On the contrary, I am sorry
to say that I believe he may he the only man to
whom the country can turn in its present dis-
turbed condition for safety. I say this with
regret, not because I distrust him in the least
degree, but because I am sorry it should even
be said that there is but one man or that
there are not multitudes of men to whom the
people can turn for relief from our present
trouble. It is easy for Governments to sacri-
fice public men. It is not impossible for the
friends of General Grant to place him in such
a position that he must either be sacrificed or
be compelled to Indorse conduct which no true
friend of his could approve. If he acts with
the President in the execution of this law we
have not much to hope, unless the President's
position be materially changed, the probability
of which all gentlemen around mo seem to
doubt. He still retains the command of the
Army. He can assign to such duties as he
pleases all its officers. The superior and sub-
ordinate officers depend upon him for promo-
tion, and covet his favor and patronage. If
General Grant resists his views of public pol-
icy he will not unlikely find the superior and
the subordinate officers in opposition. And
with the higher officers against him and the
lower officers against him, surrounded by hos-
tile communities, if he is composed of mortal
dust it is certain he will suffer, and with him
the hopes of the country that rest upon him.
Appeals from his decisions will be constantly
made, his authority impaired, and his success
defeated. There are men who have been in
such machinery. It is an engine of destruc-
tion. Its power cannot be resisted or con-
trolled. If the General of the Army, who is
to be charged with the execution of this law,
is required to run counter to the course of the
Administration, and is undermined by the
patronage and the promotions offered to the
officers below him, he must submit to that
power and be destroyed, or he must seize the
military power of the Government and fight
his way to a different result. Neither result, I
am sure, can be desired for him or for the
country if it can be avoided.
For these reasons I regret to say that I hesi-
tate to give my vote for the bill; and I trust
that it may be amended so as to relieve it from
features to which I have referred, and to give
to these States the protection of whatever mil-
itary power is necessary for the protection of
the people. But I desire that that military
power shall be accompanied by a proposition
to establish popular governments, based upon
the loyal people in one or more of these States,
as a conditionrprecedent to the exercise of this
military power; so the idea that the first ob-
ject of the act is to establish governments for
the loyal people will be forced upon the atten-
tion of the Executive, of the people, and of the
Army.
And this, sir, leads me to speak for a few
moments of the various propositions which
have been made upon the subject of recon-
struction. Take, for instance, the proposition
of universal amnesty and universal suffrage.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if it will make
any difference to General Grant whether ^the
bill is amended in the respect he speaks of or
not? It strikes me, if it is to grind General
Grant between the upper and nether millstone,
any amendment that may be made as to the
character of powers conferred upon these mil-
itary officers cannot relieve him.
Mr. BANKS. I propose one remedy for
that difficulty, as for others. It is to separate
the civil from the military government: to
give the first to the loyal, the second to the
Army, and to both the support and authority
of the Government. I speak now of the ques-
tion of universal amnesty and universal suf-
frage. Universal amnesty brings the rebels
in power. If they have the control of those
States no suffrage we can give to the lower
classes will deprive them of that power. The
South is not, and never has been, governed by
public opinion. It is governed by force. All
aristocracies govern by force. The South will
never allow the colored people or the white
people to take from their hands the power
they have wielded so long, and to which they
think they have indisputable right. We can
never expect the colored vote of the southern
States to take the power out of the hands of
the ruling classes when they have been restored
to full power by the Government of the Uuited
States.
I do not oppose suffrage for the colored peo-
ple. What I say is, we ought under no cir-
cumstances restore the ruling class to political
power until the sovereignty of the Government
has been firmly and finally established. Uni-
versal amnesty and universal suffrage, in my
opinion, will make the South" a unit. It will
be a unit now as when the institution of sla-
very existed. The North can never be united.
The North is governed exclusively by public
opinion; and there is not a State, a city, com-
munity, or family where there is not more or
less of division. On the contrary, in the South
there is no difference of opinion tolerated, and
whenever the ruling class is threatened in the
exercise of power they resort to their legiti-
mate engines of force and fraud to maintain
their position and to sustain their power.
The southern States—I do not speak of the
ten insurgent States now out of the Union,
but I speak of the former slave States—have
a distinct interest, in which they are alone con-
cerned, so powerful, so gigantic, that it is
hardly possible they can ever divide if they
are permitted a chance to regain control of
public affairs. Their losses amount, accord-
ing to their estimate, to$/,000,000,000. In the
outset we require them to abandon all hope of
recovering their losses. The debt of the Uni-
ted States is $3,000,000,000. While we refuse
to recognize their debt or to pay for their loss
in the emancipation of slftves or otherwise, we.
require them to pay their share of our public
debt. Here is a gigantic financial interest of
$10,000,000,000, at their estimate, made up of
losses which they hope to recover, and public
debts from which they hope to escape, and if
they are permitted to consolidate the elements
of political power with this object in view it
is impossible to expect any one of tho fifteen
States shall resist any policy proposed for
their advantage in this regard.
Take the case of Missouri; that is the strong-
est. Missouri is unquestionably a loyal State ;
yet if the rebels be restored to power, even
with suffrage to the colored people, even pro-
posing to the people of Missouri they are to
recover their share of this loss of $7,000,000,-
000, and to escape the payment of taxes upon
their share of a debt of $3,000,000,000, it is
impossible any other party should maintain
power except that identified with the southern
interest. Hence you may expect to see every
one of these States, Kentucky, Tennessee,
Maryland, and Delaware ranged, as they were
formerly, upon the side of the loyal States in
support of different interests and results.
What is their power? They will have in the
House of Representatives, if restored without
restriction, ninety-eight votes. The ten insur-
gent States have fifty-eight and the border States
now in the Union have twenty-eight votes; that
does not include the three-fifths representation,
which will give them twelve additional votes.
They will have ninety-eight votes in favor of a
policy which affects the condition of every indi-
vidual and family of the South.
The number of members by statute is two
hundred and forty-one; with the addition of
two fifths of the colored people now unrepre-
