176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9, lSe?,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Banks.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
seated it will be two hundred and fifty-three.
A majority will be one hundred and twenty-
eight. They want but thirty votes from the
North to give them that majority, and there
can never be an election in the fifteen or twenty
loyal States that will not give in the aggregate
a minority of at least thirty votes, which, added
to the united vote of the South, gives them
the control of the Government of the United
States.
What will they do ? What would any party
do with such interests and such united power ?
It will control the Electoral College, direct the
choice of Cabinet officers, shape the decrees
of the Supreme Court, and force the Chief
Justice and the General of the Army from
their positions or to do its will. They will
have the power to do it.
Will they pay our debt? Many propositions
have been made to secure its payment, but I
think it is not in human power to put in lan-
guage any statute or constitutional amendment
which can compel to pay the debt. It may be
repudiated in many ways: by increasing its
volume to such extent as to make its liquida-
tion impossible and absurd, as well as by a
formal and authorized act of repudiation.
Nothing can prevent this power, if installed in
power here, from destroying in one session and
at one blow all hope of the payment, either
principal or interest, of the debt. The South
is poor. It cannot pay. A Representative
from the South, when asked whether he will or
will not tax his constituents, will have indis-
putable power to say yes or no, as he or they-
may think just or expedient. If they are un-
willing the debt shall be paid they will say no ;
and with a negative so powerful as that it is
impossible to provide for the payment of the
interest or the ultimate payment of the princi-
pal by any legislation or constitutional enact-
ments.
But that is not the only difficulty. They
have the power to increase the expenditures
of the Government—possibly with the cooper-
ation of the East or the West, perhaps the
whole North—to such an extent as very soon
to make it impossible to pay the debt. The
remedy for this condition of things is the re-
organization of poliftcal society in the insur-
gent States upon such a basis as to make it con-
sistent with the interests of the people as well
as with their wishes to maintain the credit,
increase the prosperity, and perpetuate the
power of the Government. It is to give power
to its friends rather than its enemies. Upon
this theory of universal amnesty and universal
suffrage I see no hope of such reorganization,
and nothing but disaster to the Government. I
do not expect, I dare not hope, that if they have
this power they will wield it for any other ad-
vantage than their own. And, sir, as a man
representing a constituency, loyal, intelligent,
and patriotic, I am obliged to say that if the
tables were turned, if the rebel debt were to
be fastened upon us and our own repudiated,
and I, representing a portion of the people of
Massachusetts, were permitted to say yes or no
to the repudiation of our debt and the payment
of the rebel debt incurred to destroy this coun-
try, in behalf of my constituents I should be
obliged to say no. Nor do I expect that the
rebels would do more or better; ana therefore,
and upon that ground, I impeach the right of
the Representatives of the loyal people to
restore them to power.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House
have said, Why not admit the Representatives
of the southern States upon condition that
they take the oath prescribed by law—the test
oath, as it is called? A political oath, Mr.
Speaker, is no bar to political action. It neces-
sarily depends upon the conscience of the per-
son who takes it. It is a question between him
and his God, and in this case we have been
compelled to rest the conditions of the oath
upon the will of the actor. That does not dis-
qualify which is not voluntarily done. And
when an agent is left at liberty to interpret his
will for himself and say what has been and
what has not been voluntarily done he is com-
pletely master of the situation. History does
not exhibit many instances in which a Govern-
ment has been served or a people saved by
political oaths. In this view there is scarcely
a man in the South who cannot take the test
oath; and whenever this shall be required of
them, either to retain property or to secure
power, they will all, as one man, accept it. It
, is substantially to swear that they have not
> voluntarily entered into rebellion against the
United States.
There are few persons in the South that will
admit that they entered voluntarily into the
war. Mr. Davis, the president of the confed-
eracy, when he left the Senate of the United
States, stated as the reason for his secession
that he was "obliged" to take the course
which he followed. It was a plea of compul-
sion. Taking the speech of Davis in the Sen-
ate and the language of the test oath, is it prob-
able that the rebels would refuse it if made a
condition of the restoration to power ?
Mr. HISE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly, if for a question
only; I cannot yield for general remarks.
Mr. HISE. It would be necessary for me
to make some preliminary observations.
Mr. BANKS. I must decline to yield for
any observations. The object of the southern
leaders is to make the rebellion honorable.
That is their object. They have no other pur-
pose but to class the rebellion among the hon-
orable events of our history. It is for this
reason they refuse the oath and denounce those
-who accept it. The oath repudiates the rebel-
lion as a dishonor. It is the purpose of the
Government to stamp the rebellion as an in-
effaceable disgrace upon those who led the
country and its people to the brink of destruc-
tion. We therefore insist on the oath as a dis-
claimer, a badge of dishonor. We do not rely
upon it for security. Whenever it becomes
necessary for the insurgent States to accept
the ecclesiastical authorities, an ecclesiastical
convention, will proclaim that what a man does
in obedience to the command of his State is
an involuntary act and is with'out sin. This is
the established law of the church. Political
conventions will declare that the allegiance of
the citizen was to the State and not to the
General Government, and that service which the
State demanded he was compelled to render.
The test oath is therefore no bar to political
positions and no guarantee of safety as against
public enemies.
Let me ask attention of the House for a
single moment to a historical precedent. Mr.
O'Connell, after a life of great experience and
great trials, said, in a debate in Parliament,
that that which shocked him most in public
life was the fact that committees appointed by
the House of Commons and sworn to do their
duty were never regarded as men bound by an
oath, but only as so many Tories and so many
Whigs.
In 1772 the Jacobites were severely perse-
cuted by the administration of that day. Nearly
the whole nation were summoned to swear
allegiance to the Government. Lord Mahon
says it carried more disaffection to the king
and his family than anything that happened
during that reign. But men took the oath
without any regard to the facts of the case,
saying they had rather venture themselves in
the hands of God than of such men as they
had to do with. They all adhered to their
principles, and the oath, however it might tor-
ture their consciences, did not control their
conduct. The J acobites applauded their leader,
Mr. Shippen, because he had the courage to
swear against his conscience on purpose to
serve the good cause; and this was only to
escape a tax. Such is the inevitable result of
any oath imposed by any Government for its
security. Swearing allegiance to King George
did not shut the Jacobites out of Parliament;
swearing allegiance to Louis Philippe did not
shut out the Carlists from the French Cham-
bers. The test oath will not exclude the rebels
from the Halls of Congress. The Jacobites
took the oath to escape a tax only; how can
we expect more virtue in the rebels when it is
the only bar to their restoration to power ?
"Although we might feasonably infer from
theory," says Lord Mahon, "that men honora-
ble and high-minded in private life would be
scrupulously bound by the solemn and public
obligation of an oath, experience will teach
the reverse."
Gentlemen upon the other side have asked
why not admit the Representatives from these
States if they be loyal men ? My answer to that
question is this: the Representative is noth-
ing; it is the people who speak here through
us. If we disregard their wishes or interests
they change their Representatives, as they ought
to do. Now, a man from one of these southern
States, though his personal career and charac-
ter may have been spotless, must, if he repre-
sents his constituents, do what they desire, and
I would just as leave that a rebel general or an
ex-member of the rebel Congress, or even the
president of the late rebel confederacy, should
be here in person, as any man less conspicuous,
who represents the same principles.
There is no course for us but to take the plain
practical, simple method of reconstruction,
which does not depend upon the leadifig men
of the South or upon any arrangement of a
temporary character. It is to reconstruct the
political society of the insurgent States in such
manner as to exclude every element of hostility
to the existence of the Government. And such
a measure is presented in the constitutional
amendment adopted by this Congress at its
last session. And in my opinion whenever
three fourths of the States represented in this
Congress shall have ratified it by their Legisla-
tures, it will have become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
