LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-NINTH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 3c? day of December, A. D. 1866, and ended on Monday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1867.
Andrew Johnson, President. La Fayette S. Foster, President of the Senate. Benjamin F. Wade was elected
President of the Senate pro tempore on the 2d day of March. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of
^Representatives.
[The Index to tlie Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chap. IV.—An Act making Appropriations
and to supply Deficiencies in the Appro-
priations for the Service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year enditig June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty seven, viz:
Office of Superintendent of Public Printing.
For public printing, eighty thousand dollars.
For paper for public printing, four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Bureau of Statistics.
For contingent expenses, viz :
Laborers, office furniture, carpets, files, and
miscellaneous items, six thousand dollars.
Southeast Executive Building, including the
Extension.
For fuel, light, and labor, twenty-three thou-
sand dollars.
Office of the Sixth Auditor.
To refund to the office of the Sixth Auditor
bo much of the appropriation of seventeen
thousand dollars, under the act of May seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ap-
pertaining to the office of the Sixth Auditor,
transferred to the general salary account of
the Post Office Department, eight thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For Special Objects, estimated for by the Su-
pervising Architect of the Treasury.
For fencing the grounds south of the Treas-
ury building, and the President's Mansion,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For furniture, and repairs of furniture for
the same, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and repairs of Treas-
ury buildings in Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, twenty thousand dollars. _
For heating apparatus for public buildings,
ten thousand dollars. _
For salaries of ten supervising and fifty-
179
nine local inspectors, appointed under the act
of August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, for the better protection of the lives of
passengers by steamboats, with traveling and
other expenses incurred by them, seven thou-
sand dollars.
For a deficiency in flagging the furnace-room
and repairs about the stable at the Executive
Mansion, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Metropolitan Police.
For salaries of increased force, under act of
July twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, from November first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, to June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, viz:
One captain and inspector, at one thousand
two hundred dollars per annum, seven hun-
dred and ninety-eight dollars and ninety-one
cents.
One clerk to major of police, at one thou-
sand dollars per annum, six hundred and sixty-
five dollars and seventy-six cents.
Twenty sergeants of police, at sixty-five dol-
lars a month, ten thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
Fifty privates of police, at sixty dollars a
month, twenty-four thousand dollars.
And the compensation of said increased force
is hereby increased fifty per centum upon the
amount hereby appropriated, commencing on
the first day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six ; said increase to be borne by
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
the county of Washington, in the proportion
equal to the number of privates allotted sever-
ally to the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the county beyond the limits of said
cities ; and the corporate authorities of said
cities of Washington and Georgetown and the
levy court of said county be, and they are
hereby, authorized and required to levy a special
tax, not exceeding one quarter of one per
centum, for the purpose aforesaid.
Department of the Interior.
For commutation of quarters and fuel to
officer of corps of engineers, United States
Army, in charge of engineer office, Depart-
ment of the Interior, for present fiscal year,
agreeable to Army regulations, one thousand
two hundred and one dollars and ninety-five
For repairing the damage done to the Wash-
ington aqneduct by freshets in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay three watchmen employed in the
Smithsonian grounds for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
the sum of twenty-four hundred and seventy-
five dollars is heteby appropriated.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay to the watchmen mentioned in the
fifth section of the act appropriating for sundry
civil expenses for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the
difference between their pay as fixed prior to
the passage of that act ana the allowance made
by said section, two thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated.
Department of State.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, December 20, 1866.
Chap. V.—An Act to amend &n Act entitled
"An Act granting Lands to the State of
Oregon, to aid in tne Construction of a Mil-
itary Road from Eugene City to the eastern
Boundary of said State."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid in the construction of a military road from
Eugene City to the eastern boundary of said
State" be amended as follows: That there be,
and is hereby, granted to said State, for the
purposes aforesaid, such odd sections or parts
of odd sections not reserved or otherwise
legally appropriated, within six miles on each
side of said road, to be selected by the sur-
veyor general of said State, as shall be suffi-
cient to supply any deficiency in the quantity
of said grant as described, occasioned by any
lands sold or reserved, or to which the rights
of preemption or homestead have attached, or
which for any reason were not subject to said
grant within the limits designated in said act.
Approved, December 26, 1866.
