1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Chap. XLYI.—An Act to authorize the Secre- 1
tarv of the Navy to accept League Island, ij
in the Delaware River, for Naval Pur- ,
poses, and to Dispense with and Dispose
of the Site of the existing Yard at Phila-
delphia.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and is hereby, authorized to
receive and accept from the city authorities of
the city of Philadelphia the title to League
Island, in the Delaware river, and adjacent
marsh land, including the whole of the creek
known as the Back channel, from the Schuil-
kill to the Delaware river, and all the riparian
rights and privileges of said League Island, '
adjacent marsh, and Back channel, together
with so much of the opposite shore of the Back
channel from the League Island shore as shall,
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, ,|
be ample to enable the Government to have I
the sole and exclusive use of said Back chan- I:
nel and both shores thereof; the said island '
and appurtenances to be held for naval pur- i
poses by the Government of the LTnited States: !i
Provided, That the said League Island, marsh ij
adjacent, and Back channel, with its shores as i
aforesaid, shall not be received or accepted |j
until the title to the whole of the same, as i
herein described, is complete and indefeasi-
ble. nor unless the acceptance thereof shall be
recommended by a board of officers, to be ap-
pointed by the President: Provided further,
That if League Island be selected, the navy-
yard at Philadelphia shall be dispensed with
and disposed of by the United States as soon
as the public convenience will admit.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act to authorize the Trus-
tees of the Foundry (Methodist Episcopal)
Church to sell and convey Square number
two hundred and thirty-five in the City of
Washington.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Presley Simpson,
James W. Barker, Edward Owen, David A.
Gardner, Nathaniel Mullikin, William J. Sib-
ley, Daniel D. T. Leech. Edward F. Simpson,
and Richard T. Morsell, trustees of the Foun-
dry (Methodist Episcopal) Church, in the city
of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
and their successors in office, be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to sell and
convey a certain square of ground in said city,
known and distinguished on the ground plan
thereof as square numbered two hundred and
thirty-five, now held by said trustees in trust
for said church', and lately used, in part, as a
burial-ground, free and discharged of and from
any trust, express or implied, now existing, or
which ^ay hereafter, before the execution of
a conveyance of said square, exist, in said
trustees, or their successors, whether by virtue
of the deed originally conveying the same to
the trustees of said church, or by virtue of any
deed or deeds, certificate or certificates, or any
writing or writings whatever, by said trustees
or their predecessors, conveying any lot or
lots, site or sites, in the part of said square
used as a burial-ground as aforesaid, and free
and discharged of and from any and every
right, title, and interest, legal and equitable,
now existing in any lot-holder in said burial-
ground, under any contract with said trustees
or their predecessors: Provided, however,
That the said trustees or their successors
shall, out of the proceeds of such sale, re-
move or cause to be removed the dead that
are now interred in said ground, and give
them decent sepulture in some public cemetery
outside the corporate limits of the city of Wasli-
ington.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act concerning the Fire
Department of Washington City.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right to have,
use, and occupy all the several buildings, with
their appurtenances, known as the Union,
Franklin, Columbia, and Anacostia Engine-
houses, be, and is hereby, granted to the city
of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
said possession and occupation to continue so
long as used for the purposes of the fire de-
partment and the pleasure of the Congress of
the United States: Provided, That said use
and occupancy of the Columbia Engine-house
shall not in any way interfere with the posses-
sion and occupancy by the Columbia Fire Com-
pany of the rooms now used as library rooms
in said building.  
Approted, February 18, 1867.
Chap. LYI.—An Act to regulate the Duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives in preparing for the Organization of
♦ the House, and for other purposes.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled, That before
the first meeting of the next Congress, and of
every subsequent Congress, the Clerk of the
next preceding House of Representatives shall
make a roll of the Representatives-elect, and
place thereon the names of all persons claim-
ing seats as Representatives-elect from States
which were represented in the next preceding
Congress, and of such persons only, and whose
credentials show that they were regularly elected
in accordance with the laws of their States
respectively, or the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
case of a vacancy in the office of Clerk of the
House of Representatives, or of absence or
inability of said Clerk to discharge the duties
imposed on him by law or custom relative to
the preparation of the roll of Representatives
or the organization of the House, the said
duties shall devolve on the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the next preceding House of Representa-
tives ; and in case of vacancies in both of the
before-named offices, or of the absence or
inability of both the Clerk and Sergeant-at-
Arms to act, then the said duties shall be per-
formed by the Doorkeeper of the next preced-
ing House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President:
of February, 1867."
'Received 9th
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval.]
Chap. LVII.—An Act to declare the Sense of
an Act entitled "An Act to restrict the Juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the Payment of certain Demands
for Quartermasters' Stores and Subsistence
Supplies furnished to the Army of the Uni-
ted States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of
chapter two hundred and forty of the acts ot
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, first session, ap-
proved July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
lour, shall not be construed to authorize the
settlement of any claim for supplies or stores
taken or furnished for the use of, or used by,
the armies of the United States, nor for the
occupation of, or injury to, real estate, nor for
the consumption, appropriation, or destruction
of, or damage to, personal property, by the
military authorities or troops of the United
States, where such claim originated during the
war for the suppression of the southern rebel-
lion, in a State, or part of a State, declared in
insurrection by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, dated July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, or in a State
which by an ordinance of secession attempted
to withdraw from the United States Govern-
ment: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall repeal or modify the effect of any act or
joint resolution extending the provisions of
the said act of July fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, to the loyal citizens of the State
of Tennessee, or of the State of West Virginia,
or any county therein.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received Feb-
ruary 9, 1867."
[Note by the Department or State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. LYIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Payment of Invalid and other Pen-
sions of the United States for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of pensions for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight:
For invalid pensions under various acts, ten
million dollars.
For pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters_ of soldiers, as
provided for by acts of March eighteenth, eight-
een hundred and eighteen; May fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and twenty-eight; June seventh,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two ; July fourth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six; July seventh,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; March third,
eighteen hundred and forty-three; June seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and forty-four j Feb-
ruary second, July twenty-first, and July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight; Feb-
ruary third,' eighteen hundred and fifty-three ;
June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight;
and July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, with its supplementary acts, and for
compensation to pension agents and expenses
of agencies, twenty-three million dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows, children,
mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters, as
provided for by acts of August eighteenth,
[eleventh,] eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
and July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, with its supplementary acts, two hun-
dred and eighty thousand dollars, to be paid
from the Navypension fund.
Approved, February 22,1867.
Chap. LIX.—An Act providing for the Election
of a Congressional Printer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United-States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Senate shall elect
