188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
some competent person, who shall be a prac-
tical printer, to take charge of and manage the
Government Printing Office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
person so elected shall be deemed an officer of
the Senate, and shall be designated " Congres-
sional Printer." He shall superintend the print-
ing and binding of the Journals and such other
documents as shall be ordered by each House
of Congress, and shall superintend the execu-
tion of all the printing and binding for the
respective Departments of the Governmentnow
required by law to be executed at the Govern-
ment Printing Office, and shall, in all respects,
be governed by the laws in force in relation to
the Superintendent of Public Printing and the
execution of the printing and binding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, from
and after the passage of this act and the elec-
tion of a Congressional Printer in pursuance
thereof, the office of Superintendent of Public
Printing shall be abolished, and the salary of
the said officer shall be at the rate of four thou-
sand dollars a year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from and after its pas-
sage, and all laws inconsistent with its pro-
visions are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LX.—An Act to Alter the Places of
holding the Circuit Courts of the United
States for the Rhode Island District.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
first day of July, one thousand eight hundred
and sixty-seven, the circuit courts, of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Rhode Island
shall commence and be held at the United
States court-room in the city of Providence,
on the fifteenth day of November, and on the
fifth day of June, annually, instead of the
places heretofore established by law: Pro-
vided, That when either of the days last named
shall fall on Sunday the session of said court
then next to be held shall commence on the
Monday next following.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
indictments, informations, suits, or actions,
and proceedings of every kind, whether <}f a
civil or criminal nature, pending in the said
circuit court on the first day of July, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
shall thereafter have day in court, and be pro-
ceeded in, heard, tried, and determined, on
the days and at the place herein appointed for
holding the said court, in the same manner,
and with the same effect, as if the said court
had been holden on the days and at the places
heretofore directed by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
writs, suits, actions, or recognizances, or other
proceedings, which are or shall be instituted,
served, commenced, or taken to the said court
to have been holden as heretofore, directed by
law, shall be returnable to, entered in, heard,
tried, and have day in court, in said court, to
be holden at the times and place by this act
directed, in the same manner as might and
ought to have been done had the said court
been holden at the times and places hereto-
fore directed by law.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXI.—An Act to Establish and to Pro-
tect National Cemeteries.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in the arrangement
of the national cemeteries established for the
burial of deceased soldiers and sailors, the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to have
the same inclosed with a good and substantial
stone or iron fence; and to cause each e ave
to be marked with a small headstone, or mock,
with the number of the grave inscribed thereon,'•
corresponding with the number opposite to
the name of the party, in a Register of Burials
to be kept at each cemetery and at the office
of the Quartermaster General, which shall set
j forth the nanie. rank, company, regiment, and
j date of death of the officer or soldier; or, if
i unknown, it shall be so recorded.-
j Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to cause
to be erected at the principal entrance of each
of the national cemeteries aforesaid, a suitable
building to be occupied as a porter's lodge;
and it shall be his duty to appoint a merito-
rious and trustworthy superintendent, who shall
be selected from enlisted men of the Army, dis-
abled in service, and who shall have the pay
and allowances of an ordnance sergeant, to
reside therein, for the purpose of guarding and
protecting the cemetery and giving information
to parti A visiting the same. The Secretary
of War shall detail some officer of the Army,
not under the rank of major, to visit annually
all of said cemeteries, and to inspect and re-
port to him the condition of the same, and the
i amount of money necessary to protect them^
i to sod the graves, gravel and grade the walks
and avenues, and to keep the grounds in com-
plete order; and the said Secretary shall trans-
mit the said report to Congress at the com-
mencement of each session, together with an
estimate of the appropriation necessary for
that purpose.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That any
person who shall willfully destroy, mutilate,
deface, injure, or remove any monument, grave-
stone, or other structure, or shall willfully de-
stroy, cut, break, injure, or remove any tree,
shrub, or plant within the limits of any of said
national cemeteries, shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
before any district or circuit court of the United
States, within any State or district where any of
said national cemeteries are situated, shall be
liable to a fine of not less than twenty-five nor
more than one hundred dollars, or to imprison-
ment of not less than fifteen nor more than sixty
days, according to the nature and aggravation
of the offense. And the superintendent in
charge of any national cemetery is hereby
authorized to arrest forthwith any person en-
gaged in committing any misdemeanor herein
prohibited, and to bring such person before
any United States commissioner or judge of
any district or circuit court of the United States
within any State or district where any of said
cemeteries are situated, for the purpose of hold-
ing said person to answer for said misdemeanor,
and then and there shall make complaint in due
form.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
purchase from the owner or owners thereof, at
such price as maybe mutually agreed upon be-
tween the Secretary and such owner or owners,
such real estate as in his judgment is suitable
and necessary for the purpose of carrying into
effect the provisions of this act, and to obtain
from said owner or owners title in fee-simple
for the same. And in case the Secretary of
War shall not be able to agree with said owner
or owners upon the price to be paid for any real
estate needed for the purpose of this act, or to
obtain from said owner or owners title in fee-
simple for the same, the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized to enter upon and appropri-
ate any real estate, which, in his judgment, i-s
suitable and necessary for the purposes of this
act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Seoretary ofWar, or the owner or owners of any
real estate thus entered upon and appropriated,
are hereby authorized to make application for
an appraisement of said real estate thus entered
upon and appropriated to any district or circuit
court within any State or district where such
real estate is situated; and any of said courts
is hereby authorized and required" upon such
application, and in such mode and under such
rules and regulations as it may adopt, to make
a just and equitable appraisement of the cash
value of the several interests of each and every
owner of the real estate and improvements
thereon entered upon and appropriated for the
purposes of this act, and in accordance with its
provisions.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
fee-simple of all real estate thus entered upon
and appropriated for the purposes of this act,
and of which appraisement shall have been
made under the order and direction of any of
said courts, shall, upon payment to the owner
: or owners, respectively, of the appraised value,
or in case said owner or owners refuse or ne-
glect for thirty days after the appraisement of the
cash value of the said real estate or improve-
ments by any of said courts to demand the same
from the Secretary .of War, upon depositing the
said appraised value in the said court making
such appraisement to the credit of said owner
or owners, respectively, be vested in the Uni-
ted States, and its jurisdiction over said real
estate shall be exclusive and the same as its
jurisdiction over real estate purchased, ceded,
or appropriated for the purposes of navy-yards,
forts, and arsenals. And the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized and required to pay to the
several owner or owners, respectively, the ap-
praised value of the several picces or parcels
of real estate, as specified in the appraisement
of any of said courts, or to pay into any of said
courts by deposit, as hereinbefore provided, the
said appraised value; and the sum necessary
| for such purpose may be taken from any
moneys appropriated for the purposes of this
act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated to carry out the
purposes of this act out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to incorporate the National Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Home," approved
July twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the board of trustees
of the National Soldieri' and Sailors' Orphan
Home shall hereafter consist of seven persons,
a'majority of whom shall constitute a quorum
to do business; and D. K. Carter, Henry D.
Cooke, Amos B. Baton, J. W. Alvord, Horatio
Bridge, Byron Sunderland, and Franklin A.
Dick are hereby declared to be the trustees of
said corporation, and they and their successors
sh all have the entire control and management of
all property, moneys, and other securities now
held or tised for the benefit of said ■ corpora-
tion, or which shall hereafter belong to it; and
the said board of trustees shall have power to
fill any vacancies occurring by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That im-
mediately upon their organization the trustees
shall elect a board of lady managers, consisting
of thirteen persons, who shall have power to
superintend and manage the internal aflairs of
the asylum, and to fill vacancies in their own
board, to make their own by-laws, rules, and
regulations, to hold their offices till the second
Wednesday in January, eighteen-hundred and
sixty-eight; their successors to be elected an-
nually by the board of managers in the manner
which their by-laws shall prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
surviving parent or legal guardian of any child
placed under charge of said corporation may
withdraw such child therefrom, and any minor
over sixteen years of age, upon his or her re-
quest in writing, shall be discharged therefrom,
at the discretion of the managers.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so
