1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
Laws of the United States.
39tii Cong 2d Sess.
much of the act to which this is amendatory as
is inconsistent with this act be, and the sine
is hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 22, 18G7.
Chap. LXIII.— An Act to regulate Proceedings
before Justices of the Peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That justices of the peace
in the District of Columbia shall have juris-
diction in all cases where the amount claimed
to be due for debt or damages arising out of
contracts, express or implied, or damages for
wrongs or injuries to persons or property, does
not exceed one hundred dollars, except in cases
involving the title to real estate, actions to re-
cover damages for assault, or assault and bat-
tery, or for malicious prosecution, or actions
against justices of the peace or other officers
formisconductin office, orin actions for slander,
verbal or written.
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
eupreme court of said District shall make and
establish rules of practice, and prepare and
publish forms of pleadings for bringing all
forms of actions and the trial thereof before
said justices of the peace, and shall fix and
determine a bill of fees and costs to be taxed
and charged by the said justices, and by the
constables of said District of Columbia in all
civil suits in said District.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be no stay of execution on any
judgment obtained before any justice of the
peace for the wages of any servant or common
laborer, or upon any judgment for less than
five dollars ; but execution may issue for the
collection thereof immediately, and judgments
shall be entered within two days after the trial
of the action. But on all judgments or fines,
except as aforesaid, stay of execution shall be
entered as follows: for the sum of five dollars
and not exceeding twenty dollars, one month ;
for all sums over twenty dollars and not ex-
ceeding forty dollars, two months; for all sums
over forty dollars and not exceeding seventy-
five dollars, four months ; for all sum exceed-
ing seventy-five dollars, six months: Provided,
good and sufficient security be entered by a
person or persons wh%may be at the time the
owner of sufficient property located in said
District, above all liabilities and exemptions,
to secure said debt, costs, and interest.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all
justices of the peace may issue original writs,
cfvil, and criminal, returnable before them-
selves; but any party or agent or attorney
thereof may have the cause removed to the
nearest justice upon filing an affidavit with said
justice on the return day or day of trial of said
action, that he or she does not believe said
justice will give him or her a fair and impar-
tial trial on account of prejudice or other rea-
sonable cause.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no
person in said District shall be fined or im-
prisoned for disorderly conduct, unless such
person was personally and individually guilty
of acts disorderly in themselves; and any of-
ficer in said District who uses unnecessary and
wanton severity in arresting or imprisoning
any person shall be deemed guilty of assault
and battery, and upon conviction thereof pun-
ished therefor.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in
all criminal cases or offences charged, the
justice having jurisdiction thereof shall allow
the'defendant reasonable time to prepare for
t defense or obtain bail, and no exorbitant bail
shall in any case be required.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
non-residents of said District shall not com-
mence suit before any justice of the peace
therein without first giving sufficient security
for costs.
j Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
I when any person or persons shall be arrested
on a warrant for committing an assault, or an
assault and battery, or an affray, issued on the
complaint of the party injured by any justice
of the peace of said District, or in the case of
an affray, on the complaint of any person who
shall have seen the same, every such person
or persons shall be taken before the justice
who issued the warrant, or if he be absent or
otherwise incapable of acting, then before the
nearest other justice in said District; and he
or they shall be admitted to plead guilty of the
charge preferred, and the said justice before
whom such plea may be pleaded shall have
power, and he is hereby authorized, to assess
such fine or penalty as is authorized by law,
and enter judgment therefor against the per-
son so pleading guilty and for cost, and issue
execution thereon as in civil cases.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of act3 of the Legislature of
Maryland, or of Congress, now in force, incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act, are
hereby repealed; and this act shall take effect
and be in force from and after its passage.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
'Chap. LXIV.—An Act to amend the Law
of the District of Columbia in Relation to
Judicial Proceedings therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no appeal shall be
allowed from a judgment of a justice of the
peace, unless the appellant, with sufficient
surety or sureties, approved by the justice,
enter into an undertaking to satisfy and pay
all intervening damages and costs arising on
the appeal.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
when such undertaking has been entered into,
the justice shall immediately file the original
papers, including a copy of his docket entries,
in the office of the clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia ; and thereupon,
as soon as the appellant shall have made the
deposit for costs required by law, or obtained
leave from one of the justices or from the
court, to prosecute his appeal without a de-
posit, the clerk shall docket the cause, and
shall issue a summons for the appellee to ap-
pear at the next trial term of the court, and
thereafter the cause shall be proceeded with
in the manner prescribed by the act of March
one, eighteen hundred and twenty-three, enti-
tled "An act to extend the jurisdiction of
justices of the peace in the recovery of debts
in the District of Columbia," except that the
appellant need not file a petition as directed
by said act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if
the appellant fails to prosecute his appeal, the
appellee may, upon making the aforesaid de-
posit for costs, have the cause docketed, and
move for affirmance of the justice's judgment,
or he may have a trial of the cause upon its
merits.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be no supersedeas or stay of exe-
cution of the judgments of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, otherwise than
by injunction or upon proceedings in error to
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
mutual debts between the parties to an action,
or between the testator or intestate of both
parties, or either party, may be set off against
each other by plea in bar, whether the said
debts be of the same or a different nature; and
if either debt arose by reason of a penalty, the
exact sum to be set off shall be stated in the
plea.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That the
plea of set-off may be : "That the plaintiff,
at the commencement of the suit, was, and
still is, indebted to the defendant in the snra
" dollars, for  , as appears by the
particulars of the said debt, hereunto annexed ;
and he is willing that the same may be set off
against the plaintiff's demand." And upon
the trial of an issue upon said plea, judgment
shall be for the balance found due, whether to
the plaintiff or defendant, with costs. Mutual
judgments recovered in said in said court
may be set off against each other on motion
of either party ; and the court shall award
execution for the balance found due against
the party chargeable therewith.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
publication may be substituted for personal
service of process upon any defendant who
cannot be found, in suits for partition, divorce,
by attachment, for the foreclosure of mort-
gages and deeds of trust, and for the enforce-
ment of mechanics' liens and all other liens
against real or personal property, and in all
actions at law or in equity which have for their
immediate object the enforcement or establish-
ment of any lawful right, claim, or demand to
or against any real or personal property within
the jurisdiction of the court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no
order for the substitution of publication for
personal service shall be made till a summons
for the defendant shall have been issued and
returned "not to be found." And when an
order for publication shall be made, it shall
be in the following or equivalent form:
"Ih the Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia, the day of , 18—.
A. 15., plaintiff, ~|
v. M At law,) (In equity, )No.—.
C.D.,defendant. J
On motion of the plaintiff, by Mr.  , his
attorney, it is ordered that the defendant cause
his appearance to be entered herein on or
before the first rule day occurring forty days
after this day; otherwise the cause will be
proceeded with as in case of default."
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
sales duly made in cases in which publication
is substituted for personal service of process
shall be good and valid, and shall vest any
purchaser with a perfect title.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
the proceeding to enforce any lien snail be
by bill or petition in equity, and the decree,
besides subjecting the thing upon which the
lien has attached to the satisfaction of the
plaintiff's demand against the defendant, shall
adjudge that the plaintiff recover his demand
against the defendant, and that he may have
execution thereof as at law.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in
actions against foreign corporations doing busi-
ness in the District of Columbia, all process
may be served on the agent of such corporation
or person conducting its business aforesaid, or
in case he is absent and cannot be found, by
leaving a copy thereof at the principal place
of business in the District, and sucn service
shall be effectual to bring the corporation
before the court.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
the power claimed and exercised as of common
right by every landlord, of seizing, by his own
authority, the personal chattels of his tenant
for rent arrear, is hereby abolished, and, in-
stead of it, the landlord shall have a tacit lien
upon such of the tenant's personal chattels,
upon the premises, as are subject to execution
for debt, to commence with the tenancy and
continue for three months after the rent is
due, and until the termination of any action for
such rent brought within said three months.
And this lien may be enforced—
1. By attachment, to be issued upon affidavit
that the rent is due and unpaid ; or, if not due,
that the defendant is about to remove or sell
all or some of said chattels ; or,
2. By judgment against the tenant and exe-
cution, to be levied on said chattels or any of
them, in whosoever hands they may be found ;
