192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2I7,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
act granting the right of way over, and depot
grounds upon, ihe military reserve at Fort
Gratiot, in the State of Michigan," passed
February the eighth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, be, and the same is hereby, amended
by inserting in the last proviso, after the word
"wood," the words "or fire-proof," so that
the same shall read, " that all buildings to be
erected upon said reservation shall be of wood
or fire-proof."
Approved, February 25,1867.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act to change certain
Collection Districts in Maryland and Vir-
ginia. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the districts of Ox-
ford and Vienna, in the State of Maryland, be,
and the same are hereby, abolished, and the
office of collector of both said districts is
hereby discontinued.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
district of Oxford, in said State, shall be an-
nexed to the district of Baltimore; and all that
part of the district of Vienna, in said State,
bordering on the sea-coast, and all the waters
which flow into the sea or bays on the east side
of said district of Vienna, be, and the same are
hereby, annexed to the district of Cherrystone,
in the State of Virginia, and that all the resi-
due of said district of Vienna be, and the same
is hereby, made a new district, to be called the
eastern district, and that the collector of said
eastern district shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars, and shall reside at
Crisfield, which shall be the port of entry for
said new district.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
offices of surveyor at Snow Hill, and of deputy
collector atAnnamasset and Deal's Island be,
and the same are hereby, discontinued.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 25,1867.
each of said districts shall reside at the port
of entry thereof, and shall be appointed by the
President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and receive a salary at the rate
of one thousand dollars per annum in addition
to the fees of office: Provided, That such
compensation shall in no case exceed the sum
of twenty-five hundred dollars per annum in
the aggregate.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury, should it at any
time hereafter seem to him necessary, may
change the port of entry in the district of
Beaufort from Beaufort to Morehead city; and
that all acts and parts of acts conflicting with
the provisions of this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act-relative to Collec-
tion Districts in North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
first day of October, Anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, there shall be in the
State of North Carolina four collection dis-
tricts, to wit: one, to be called the district of
Albemarle, which shall include Albemarle,
Currituck, and Croatan sounds, and all the
waters, shores, harbors, rivers, creeks, bays,
and inlets adjacent to and flowing into the said
sounds, together with that part of Pamlico
sound north of and including Loggerhead in-
let, and all waters and shores appertaining
thereto. And the port of entry for said dis-
trict shall be at Plymouth. Another to be
called the district of Pamlico, which shall
include Pamlico sound, and all the waters,
shores, harbors, rivers, creeks, bays, and inlets
adjacent to and flowing into said sound,
exclusive of the district of Albemarle, and
including the south line of Neuse river to the
northern entrance of Core sound, and the port
of entry for said district of Pamlico Bhall be at
Newbern. Another to be called the district
of Beaufort, which shall include all the waters,
shores, harbors, creeks, bays, and inlets south
of the district of Pamlico, and north of and
including New river and inlet; and the port
of entry for said district of Beaufort shall be
at Beaufort. And another to be called the
district of Wilmington, which shall include all
waters, shores, harbors, creeks, bays, and
inlets south of the district of Beaufort to the
southern boundary of the said State, and-the
port of entry for said district of Wilmington
shall be at Wilmington. And the collector of
Chap. LXXXIIL— An Act to amend the Act
entitled "An Act further to provide for the
Safety of the Lives of Passengers on board
of Vessels propelled in whole or in part by
Steam, to regulate the Salaries of Steam-
boat Inspectors, and for other purposes,"
approved July 25, 1866.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section nine of the
act entitled "An act to amend the act entitled
'An act further to provide for the safety of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in -whole or in part by steam, to regu-
late the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes,'" approved July twenty-
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, amended so as to read as
follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
vessels navigating the baqs, [bays,] inlets,
rivers, harbors, and other waters of the Uni-
ted States, except vessels subject to the juris-
diction of a foreign Power, and engaged in
foreign trade, and not owned in whole or in
part by a citizen of the United States, shall be
subject to the navigation laws of the United
States; and all vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and navigating as aforesaid,
shall also be subject to all rules and regula-
tions consistent therewith, established for the
government of steam vessels in passing, as
provided in the twenty-ninth section of an act
relating to steam vessels, approved the thir-
tieth day of August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two. And every sea-going steam vessel
now subject or hereby made subject to the
navigation laws of the United States, and to
the rules and regulations aforesaid, shall, when
under way, except upon the high seas, be un-
der the control and direction of pilots licensed
by the inspectors of steam vessels ; vessels of
other countries and public vessels of the Uni-
ted States only excepted: Provided, however,
That nothing in this act, or in the act of which
it is amendatory, shall be construed to annul
or affect any regulation established by the ex-
isting law of any State requiring vessels enter-
ing or leaving a port in such State to take a
pilot duly licensed or authorized by the laws
^>f such State, or of a State situate upon the
waters of the same port.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
upon which also no higher charge shall be .
made for the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of
the United States, than the rate per mile paid
for their transportation over the railroads or
public highways leading to the said bridge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
draw of said bridge shall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal for the passage of boats
whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent
spans of said bridge, except when trains are
passing over the same; but in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said
draw during or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedThat in
case of any litigation hereafter arising from
any alleged obstruction to the free navigation
of said river, the cause may be tried before
the circuit court of the United States of any
State in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or amend this act so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river, by the construction
of said bridge, is hereby expressly reserved.
Approved, February 27, 1867.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act declaring Clinton
Bridge, across the Mississippi River, at Clin-
ton, in the State of Iowa, a Post Route.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the bridge across
the Mississippi river, erected by the Albany
Bridge Company and the Chicago, Iowa, and
Nebraska Railroad Company, under the au-
thority of the State[s] of Iowa and Illinois,
between the towns of Clinton, Iowa, and Al-
bany, Illinois, shall be a lawful structure, and
shall be recognized and known as a post route,
Chap. XCIX.— An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Consular and Diplomatic
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, and for other purposes.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereafter
expressed, for the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States
at Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia,
Spain, Austria, Brazil, republic of Mexico,
China, Italy, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzer-
land, Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden,
Turkey, New Grenada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Ven-
ezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua. Sandwich Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Argentine Con-
federation, Paraguay, Japan, and Salvador,
three hundred and one thousand dollars": Pro-
vided, That no money shall be paid to the
present minister resident at Portugal out of
any fund whatever; and this provision shall
continue in force until repealed by Congress.
And no money hereby or otherwise appro-
priated shall be paid for the support of an
American legation at Rome from and after
the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven. _ . •
For salaries of secretaries of legation, thirty
thousand dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris, three thousand dol-
lars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, namely: interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American
