1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
Laws of the United, States.
39th Cong 2d Sess.
seamen in foreign countries, per acts of Feb-
ruary eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and February twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and eleven, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in
acknowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of
the United States from shipwreck, ten thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of
postages, and miscellaneous expenses of the
consuls of the United States, including loss by
exchange, fifty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
forty-five thousand dollars.
Forsalariesof consuls general, consuls, com-
mercial agents, and thirteen consular clerks,
namely:
i. consulates general.
Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta,Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai.
ii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Chapelle, Algiers, Amov,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bankok,
Basle, Belfast, Beirut, Buenos Ayres, Bor-
deaux, Bremen, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barcelona,
Cadiz, Callao, Candia, Canton, Chemnitz in
Saxony, Chin-Kiang, Clifton, Coaticook, Cork,
Demarara, Dundee, Elsinore, Erie, Foo-choo,
Funchal, Geneva, Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow,
Goderich,Guaymas,Halifax, Hamburg, Havre,
Honolulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow, Jerusalem,
Kanagawa, Kingston, Jamaica, Kingston in
Canada, La Rochelle, Laguayra, Lahaina,
Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool,
London, Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester,
Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Melbourne,
Messina, Moscow, Munich, Nagasaki, Na-
ples, Nassau, (West Indies,) Newcastle, Nice,
Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Palermo, Panama,
Paris, Pernambuco, Pictou, Poncc, Port Ma-
hon, Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec,
Revel, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Rotterdam, San
Juan del Sur, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint
John, (Canada East,) Santiago de Cuba, Port
Sarnia, Singapore, Smyrna, Spezzia, South-
ampton, Saint John, (Newfoundland,) Saint
Petersburg, Saint Pierre, (Martinique,) Saint
Thomas, Stuttgardt, Swatow, Saint Helena,
Tampico, Tangier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad
de Cuba, Tripoli, Tunis, Turk's Island, Val-
paraiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Windsor, Zurich.
And the salary of the consul at Chemnitz shall
be two thousand dollars per annum. And the
salaries of the consuls at Rome, Quebec,
Munich, and Spezzia, respectively, shall be
fifteen hundred dollars, and the salary at
Spezzia shall take effect from the beginning of
the present fiscal year.
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Balize, (Honduras,) Madagascar, San Juan
del Norte, Saint Domingo.
iv. consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Cape Town, Carthagena, Cey-
lon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Islands, Fayal,
Guayaquil, Lanthala, Maranham, Matamoras,
Mexico, Montevideo, Omoa, Payta, Para, Paso
del.Norte, Pir®us, Rio Grande, Sabanilla,
Saint Catharine, Santa Cruz, (West Indies,)
Santiago, (Cape Varde,) Stettin, Tabasco,
Tahita, Talcahuano, Tumbez, Venice, Zan-
zibar.
v. COMMERCIAL AGENCIES.
Schedule C.
Amoor River, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
39th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 13.
Loando, [Loanda,] including loss by exchange
thereon, four hundred and thirty-one thousand
five hundred dollars. No money appropriated
by this act shall be applied to the payment of
salary or compensation to any diplomatic rep-
resentative of any grade, or to any consul or
commercial agent of the United States, who is
not a citizen of the United States, native, or
duly naturalized.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
including loss by exchange thereon, five thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred under instructions
from the Secretary of State, in bringing home
from foreign countries persons charged with
crime, and expenses incident thereto, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals forthe consular
courts in Japan, including that at Nagasaki,
and in China, Siam, and Turkey, including
loss by exchange thereon, nine thousand dol-
lars.
For the salary of consul at Mahe, Seychelle
Islands, and at San Domingo, which consulates
are hereby established and added to schedule
B, fifteen hundred dollars each, three thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages
of the keepers of the same, nine thousand dol-
lars.
, For salaries of ministers-resident and con-
suls general to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For expenses under the act of Congress, to
carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, seventeen
thousand dollars.
For expenses under the act to encourage
immigration, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses under the neutrality act, twenty
thousand dollars.
For expenses of the commission to run and
mark the boundary line between the United
States and the British Possessions bounding
on Washington Territory, twenty-eight thou-
sand and seventy dollars.
For defraying the expenses which may be
incurred by dispatches over the Atlantic cable,
thirty thousand dollars.
For the payment of the second annual in-
stallment of the proportion contributed by the
United States toward the capitalization of the
Scheldt dues, to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the fourth article of the convention
between the United States and Belgium, of the
twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, the sum of fifty-five thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-four dollars in coin, and such
further sum as may be necessary to carry out
the stipulation of the convention providing for
payment of interest on the said sum and on
the portion of the principal remaining unpaid.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. C.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Support of the Military Academy for the
ftecal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, and for other pur 
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America t*
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby; appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, one hundred and fifty-four thou-
sand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, five thou-
sand and fifty dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' ser-
vants, one hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, sixty-
six thousand four hundred and sixty-seven
dollars.
For increase and expense of library, three
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, five thou-
sand dollars.
_ For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
nine thousand dollars.
For horses for artillery and cavalry practice,
one thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, five thou-
sand dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery prac-
tice, five hundred dollars.
For furniture for cadets' hospital, two hun-
dred dollars.
For gas pipes, gasometers, and retorts, six
hundred dollars.
For materials for quarters for subaltern
officers, five thousand dollars.
For ventilating and heating the barracks
and other academic buildings; improving the
apparatus for cooking for the cadets; repair-
ing the hospital buildings, including the intro-
duction of baths for the sick, the construction
of water-closets in the library building, and
new furniture for the recitation-rooms, forty
thousand dollars.
For purchase of fuel for cadets' mess-hall,
three thousand dollars.
For the removal and enlargement of the gas
works, twenty thousand dollars.
For additional Appropriations, for which
estimates were not made last year:
For enlarging cadet laundry, five thousand
dollars.
For furniture for soldiers' hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For increasing the supply of water, replac-
ing mains, and so forth, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For ice-house and additional store and ser-
vants' rooms, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fire-proof building for public offices,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For breast-high wall of water battery, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent derrick on the wharf, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
cadets of the Military Academy be entitled to
the ration now received by the acting midship-
men at the Naval Academy, commencing at
the date of the approval of the law authorizing
the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That here-
after the assistant professor of Spanish shall
receive the same pay and emoluments allowed
to other assistant professors of the Academy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no
part of the moneys appropriated by this or any
other act shall be applied to the pay or subsist-
ence of any cadet from any State declared to
be in rebellion against the Government of the
United States, appointed after the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
until such State shall have been restored to its
original relations to the Union.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CI.—An Act to fix the Compensation
of the Officers of the Revenue-Cutter Ser-
vice, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
thirty-first day of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, the compensation of the officers
of the revenue-cutter service shall be at the
following rates, viz:
Duty Pay.
Captains, twenty-five hundred dollars per
annum.
Firstlieutenants and chief engineers, eighteen
hundred dollars per annum.
