1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
For improving harbor of Sheboygan, Wis-
consin, eight thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Manitowoc, Wis-
consin, forty-five thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Green Bay, Wis-
consin, forty-five thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Manistee, Michi-
gan, sixty thousand dollars.
For improvement of White river harbor,
Michigan, fifty-seven thousand dollars.
For improvement of Muskegon harbor, Lake
Michigan, fifty-nine thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of South Haven, Mich-
igan, forty-three thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of New Buffalo, Mich-
igan, sixty thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Dunkirk, New
York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improving harborof Buffalo, New York,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For improving harbor at Olcott, New York,
at mouth of Eighteen-mile creek, sixty thou-
sand dollars.
For improvement at harbor of Oak Orchard,
New York, eighty-seven thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Big Sodus bay, New
York, eighty thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Little Sodus bay,
New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For improving harbor at Oswego, New York,
sixty thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Plattsburg, New
York, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For completing the improvement of the nav-
igation of the Kennebec river, Maine, between
Shepard's Point and Augusta, thirty thousand
dollars.
For improving harbor of Ogdensburg, New
York, forty thousand dollars.
For improving the harbor of Burlington, Ver-
mont, eighty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Thames river, Connec-
ticut, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For the purpose of improving the navigation
of the St. Croix river, Maine, above the ledge,
fifteen thousand dollars: Provided, The Prov-
ince of New Brunswick shall contribute and
pay to the proper disbursing officer a like sum
for said purpose, said payment being made on
condition that in no event shall the Province
of New Brunswick -be called upon for more
than half the sum actually expended for said
purpose.
For improvement of Hudson river, New
York, from Troy to Baltimore, three hundred
and five thousand one hundred and eighty-eight
dollars.
For improving harbor of Marcus Hook, Pcnn-
Bylvania, ninety-four thousand dollars.
For improvement of Chester harbor, Penn-
sylvania, eleven thousand dollars.
For improvement of Delaware breakwater,
Delaware bay, one hundred and nine thousand
four hundred and ninety-three dollars and sev-
enty cents.
For improvement of Patapsco river, Mary-
land, seventy-five thousand dollars. ....
For improvement of mouth of Mississippi
river, two hundred thousand dollars.
For improvement of Ohio river, one hundred
thousand dollars. _
For improvement of Saco river, Maine, forty
thousand dollars. _
For preservation and improvement of .Boston
harbor, Massachusetts, three hundred and sev-
enty-five thousand dollars. .....
For improving navigation on the^Mississippi
river at Des Moines or Lower rapids, accord-
ing to such plan as the Secretary of War shall
on the report of a board of engineers approve,
five hundred thousand dollars: Provided, how-
ever, That any canal that may be constructed
around said Des Moines or Lower rapids of
the Mississippi river shall be and forever re-
main free to the navigation and commerce ot
said river; and no tolls shall ever be collected
thereon.  
For improving navigation of Mississippi river
at Rock Island rapids, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For improving harbor of Ontonagon, Michi-
gan, ninety-seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For building and operating two dredges and
snag-boats, to be used on the Mississippi river
between Fort Snelling and Rock Island rapids,
ninety-six thousand dollars.
For building and operating one dredge or
snag-boat on the Wisconsin river, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For improving harbor of Pentwater, Lake
Michigan, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Pere Marquette,
Lake Michigan, fifty thousand dollars.
To improve the navigation of the Willamette
river, Oregon, below the city of Portland, thirty
thousand dollars.
For removing snags and boulders through-
out the Minnesota river, thirty-seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
For improvement of Providence river, Rhode
Island, off Pawtuxet bar, and at the Crook,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement of the Pawtucket river,
Rhode Island, seventeen thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
appropriation of seventy-five thousand dollars
for constructing works, and improving the
entrance into the harbor of Michigan City,
Indiana, made in and by the act, approved
June twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, shall be expended for the purposes afore-
said, upon the terms, and in the manner here-
inafter provided for other appropriations under
this act: Provided, That it shall be first shown
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War that
the sum of one hundred thousand dollars has
been expended by the Michigan City Harbor
Company in the construction of a safe and
convenient harborat that place: And provided,
That the passage of vessels to and from said
harbor shall be free, and not subject to toll or
charge, and the money appropriated by this
act shall be so applied as to complete or make
the nearest approximation to completing the
work for which each specific appropriation is
made; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of War to apply the sums herein appro-
priated for other purposes than for examina-
tions and surveys by contract: Provided, how-
ever, That when, from the natnre of the work
to be done, the same cannot, in the judgment
of the Secretary, be made the subject of con-
tract, the necessary expenditure may be other-
wise ordered: Provided, That no contract shall
be made except after public advertisement for
proposals, in such form and manner as to
secure general notice thereof, and the same
shall only be made with the lowest responsible
bidder therefor, upon security deemed sufficient
in the judgment of the Secretary. And it shall
be the duty of the said Secretary, at the earliest
practicable time, to report to Congress the
result of any survey or resurvey, with the plan
adopted and the items of expenditure under
said plan; and lie shall make report^of all
action taken under the provisions of this act,
and he shall accompany said report with a
statement of the amount and date of all former
appropriations for each work, and a full esti-
mate for its entire and permanent completion,
with the amount that can be profitably expended*
in the next fiscal year; and he shall also state
in what collection district each work is located,
and at or near what port of entry, light-house,
or port, what amount of revenue was collected
at the nearest port of entry for the last fiscal
year, and, as far as practicable, what amount
of commerce and navigation would be bene-
fited by the completion of each particular work:
Provided, That he shall continue to make such
a report the first Monday of December, annu-
ally, until the works herein provided for shall
be completed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
whenever the Secretary of War shall invite pro-
posals l'or any works, or for any material or
labor for any works, there shall be separate
proposals and separate contracts for each work,
and also for each class of material or labor for
each work, and he shall report to Congress, on
the first Monday of December next, all the
bids with the names of the bidders. All per-
sons not holding commissions in the regular
Army of the United States, who shall be in-
trusted with the disbursement of the funds
appropriated for the works named in this act,
shall be required to give bond and ample secur-
ity for the faithful application of the same,
and no such disbursing officer in the Army of
the United States shall receive any commission
or compensation for making such disburse-
ments. And the moneys hereinbefore appro-
priated shall remain and be at the disposal of
the Secretary of War, and subject to nis con-
trol for the purposes named in this act, until
the several works and improvements herein
provided for are completed, any law or regu-
lation to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to cause
examinations or surveys, or both, as aforesaid,
to be made at the following points, namely:
at the harbor of San Francisco, California,
with a view to the removal of " Blossom
Rock," if the same should be found neces-
sary and essential to commerce ; at Crescent
City harbor, California; at Duxbury beach,
Massachusetts ; at mouth of Menomonee river,
Green bay ; at Saugatuck harbor, mouth of
Kal[a]mazoo river, in Michigan; at Port
Clinton, in Ohio; at Pultneyville, Lake Onta-
rio, New York ; and of the Tennessee river
from Chattanooga to its mouth; at Reedy
Island and Liston (tree) point, in the Delaware
river and bay; at Richmond's Island, Cape
Elizabeth, the Union river, and the Gut oppo-
site the city of Bath, Maine; the Connecticut
river, between Hartford and its mouth; at
Block Island, in the State of Rhode Island;
the reefs in Lake Michigan, near the harbor
of Racine, in Wisconsin, with a view to a
light-house and breakwater thereon ; and the
Potomac river, in the District of Columbia.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
Secretary of War is hereby directed to cause
a continuance of examinations or surveys, or
both, at the following points, namely: of the
Mississippi river, above the falls of Saint An-.
tliony and between the falls of Saint Anthony
and Rock Island rapids; of the Wisconsin
river, and to continue the survey of the Illi-
nois river, in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of General J. H. Wilson, in his report of
January twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven. And he is also directed to cause plans
and estimates to be made of the most practica-
ble and effective mode of improving the har-
bor at Galveston, Texas, and of erecting suit-
able breakwater at that point.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act to provide for a tempo-
rary Increase of the Pay of Officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That for two years from
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, all officers of the Army below the
rank of major general, including the profess-
ors at West Point, Rhall be paid an addi-
tion of thirty-three and one third per centum
to their present pay proper; and the pay and
emoluments of all field and other mounted
officers shall hereafter be the same as is now
provided by law for cavalry officers of like
8ISec! 2. And be it further enacted, That
section one of the act entitled " An act to in-
crease the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, and for other purposes," approved June
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be,
