1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
lowest bidder therefor, upon security deemed
sufficient in the judgment of the Secretary.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted,, That,
from and after the passage of this act, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to regulate and fix
the salaries of the respective keepers of light-
houses in such mann«r as he shall deem just
and proper: Provided, That the whole sum
allowed shall not exceed an average of six
hundred dollars to each keeper.
Approvbd, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CL.—An Act amendatory of "An Act
to provide a Temporary Government for the
Territory of Montana," approved May twenty-
six, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Legislative As-
semblies of the several Territories of the United
States shall not, after the passage of this act,
grant private charters or especial privileges,
but they may, by general incorporation acts,
permit persons to associate themselves together
as bodies.-corporate for mining, manufacturing,
and other industrial pursuits.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the
probate courts of the Territory of Montana, in
their respective counties, in addition to their
probate jurisdiction, are hereby authorized to
hear and determine civil causes wherein the
damage or debt claimed does not exceed five
hundred dollars, and such criminal cases arising
under the laws of the Territory as do not require
the intervention of a grand jury: Provided,
That they shall not have jurisdiction in any
matter in controversy when the title or right to
the peaceable possession of land may be in
dispute, or chancery or divorce causes: And
provided further, That in all cases an appeal
may be.taken from any order, judgment, or
decree of said probate court to the district
court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
chief justice and associate justices of said Ter-
ritory and the Territory of Idaho shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-five hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
judges of the supreme court of said Territory,
or a majority of them, shall, when assembled
at the seat of government of said Territory,
define the judicial districts of said Territory,
and assign the judges who may be appointed
for said Territory to the several districts, and
shall also fix and appoint the times and places
for holding the courts in the several counties
or subdivisions in each of said judicial districts,
and alter the times and places of holding the
courts as to them shall seem proper and con-
venient, but not less than two terms shall be
held at each place of holding court each year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of reviving the legislative functions
of the Territory of Montana, which have been
adjudged therein to have lapsed, the Governor
of said Territory be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, on or before the first day of Jiily> eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, to divide said
Territory into legislative districts for the elec-
tion of members of the Council and House of
Representatives, and to apportion among said
districtsthe number of members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly provided for in the organic act
of said Territory, and the election of said mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly shall be held at
such time and shall be conducted in the man-
ner prescribed by the Legislative Assembly of
said Territory at the session thereof, begun and
holden at the city of Bannack, in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four and eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and the qualifications of voters shall
be the same as that prescribed by said organic
act, saving and excepting the distinction therein
made on account of race or color, and the Legis-
lative Assembly, so elected, shall convene at
the time prescribed by said Legislative Assembly
at the session last aforesaid. The apportion-
ment provided for in this section shall be based
upon such an enumeration of the qualified
electors of the several legislative districts as
shall appear from the election returns in the
office of the secretary of said Territory, and
from such other sources of information as will
enable the Governor, without taking a new
census, to make an apportionment which shall
fairly represent the people of the several dis-
tricts in both Houses of the Legislative Assem-
bly, but the Legislature may at any time change
the legislative districts of the Territory as fixed
by the Governor.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all
acts passed at the two sessions of the so-called
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Mon-
tana, held in eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
are hereby disapproved and declared null and
void, except such acts as the Legislative Assem-
bly herein authorized to be elected shall by
special act in each case reenact: Provided,
however, That in all claims of vested rights
thereunder, the party claiming the same shall
not, by reason of anything in this section con-
tained, be precluded from making and testing
said claim in the courts of said Territory: And
provided further, That no legislation or pre-
tended legislation in said Territory since the
adjournment of the first Legislative Assembly
shall be deemed valid until the election of the
Legislative Assembly herein provided for shall
take place.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the first day of April next the salary
of each of the judges of the several supreme
courts in each of the organized Territories
(except Montana and Idaho) shall be two
thousand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
Chap. CLI.—An Act to amend an' Act entitled
"An Act to provide a Temporary Govern-
ment for the Territory of Idaho," approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the judges of the
supreme court of said Territory, or a major-
ity of them, shall, when assembled at the seat
of government of said Territory, define the
judicial districts of said Territory, and assign
the judges who maybe appointed for said Ter-
ritory to the several districts; and shall also fix
and appoint the times and.places for holding
court in the several counties or sub-divisions
in each of said judicial districts, and alter the
times and places of holding the courts, as to
them shall seem proper and convenient.*
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
next session of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Idaho shall be held commencing
on the first Monday in December, A. D. eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, and thereafter
the Legislative Assembly of said Territory shall
be held biennially. And the next election for
members of the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory shall be held on the second Monday
in August, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and thereafter said election shall be held
biennially. ,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
members of the House of Representatives .of
said Legislative Assembly shall be elected for
the term of two years ; and the members of
■the Council of said Legislative Assembly shall
be elected for the term of four years: Provided,
That at the first election hereafter one halt
of the members of said Council shall be elected
for the term of two years, and the remaining
half for the term of four years; and the dis-
tricts wherein members of the Council are to
be elected for the term of two years and the
districts wherein members of the Council are
to be elected for the term of four years at the
next election shall be determined by procla-
mation of the Governor of said Territory: Pro-
vided, That in all counties and election districts
which shall be entitled to elect two members^
of the Council, one of said members shall be"
elected for two years and the other for -four
years.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act authorizing the Construction of a
Jail in and for the District of Columbia,"
approved June [July] twenty-five, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Beit enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the sixth
section of the act entitled "An act authorizing
the construction of a jail in and for the District
of Columbia," approved June [July] twenty-
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, as speci-
fies the amounts to be raised and paid into the
Treasury of the United States by the cities of
Washington Und Georgetown, respectively,
before the completion of said jail, is hereby
repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the proper authorities of
the city of Washington, and they are hereby
required, to raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay
into the Treasury of the United States, at or
before the time of the completion of said jail,
the sum of seventy-eight thousand dollars; and
it shall be the like duty of the proper authori-
ties of the city of Georgetown, and they are
hereby required, to raise, by tax or otherwise,
and pay into the Treasury of the United States,
at or before the time of the completion of said
jail, the sum of twelve thousand dollars.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act to provide for the moro
efficient Government of the Rebel States.
Whereas no legal State governments or ade-
quate«protection for life or property now exists
in the rebel States of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas j and
whereas it is necessary that peace and good
order should be enforced in said States until
loyal and republican State governments can be
legally established: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said rebel States
shall be divid ed into military districts and made
subject to tie military authority of the United
States as Hereinafter prescribed, and for that
purpose Virginia shall constitute the first dis-
trict; North Carolina and South Carolina the
second district; Georgia, Alabama, and Flor-
ida the third district; Mississippi and Arkansas
the fourth district; and Louisiana and Texas
the fifth district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the President to assign to
the command of each of said districts an officer
of the Army, not below the rank of brigadier
general, and to detail a sufficient military force
to enable such officer to perform his duties and
enforce his authority within the district to which
he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of each officer «ssigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights
of person and property, to suppress insurrec-
tion, disorder, and violence, and t,o punish, or
cause to be punished, all disturtters of the pub-
lic peace ana criminals; and to this end he may
allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction
