1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Eroper accounting and disbursing officers of
is Department.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no
money shall be paid or received from the Treas-
ury, or paid or received from or retained out
of any public moneys or funds of the United
States, whether in the Treasury or not, to or
by or for the benefit of any person appointed
to or authorized to act in or holding or exer-
cising the duties or functions of any office con-
trary to the provisions of this act; nor shall
any claim, account, voucher, order, certificate,
warrant, or other instrument providing for or
relating to such payment, receipt, or retention,
be presented, passed, allowed, approved, cer-
tified, or p id by any officer of the United
States, or by any person exercising the func-
tions or performing the duties of any office or
place of trust under the United States, foru>r
in respect to such office, or the exercising or
performing the functions or duties thereof; and
every person who shall violate any of the pro-
visions of this section shall be deemed guilty
of a high misdemeanor, and, upon trial and
conviction thereof, shall be punished therefor
by a fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars,
or by imprisonment not exceeding ten years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of
tb« court.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In the Senate of the United States,
March 2, 1867.
The President of the United States having
returned to*the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices," with his objections
thereto, the Senate proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the same;
and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House of Representatives U. S.,
March 2, 1867.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled "An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices," returned to
the Senate by the President of the United
States, with his objections, and sent by the
Senate to the House of Representatives, with
the message of the President returning the
bill—
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest:
EDWD. McPHERSON, Clerk:
Chap. CLV.—An Act to declare valid and con-
clusive certain Proclamations of the Presi-
dent, and acts done in. pursuance thereof,
or of his Orders, in the Suppression of the
late Rebellion against the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all acts, proclama-
tions, and orders of the President of the
United States, or acts done by his authority
or approval after the fourth of March, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and
before the first day of July, Anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, respecting
martial law, military trials by courts-martial
or military commissions, or the arrest, impris-
onment and trial of persons charged with
participation in the late rebellion against the
Uniteu States, or as aiders or abettors thereof,
or as guilty of any disloyal practice in aid
thereof, or of any violation of the laws or
usages of war, or of affording aid and comfort
to rebels against the authority of the United
States, and all proceedings and acts done or
had by courts-martial or military commissions,
or arrests and imprisonments made in the
premises by any person by the authority of the
orders or proclamations of the President,
made as aforesaid, or in aid thereof, are hereby
approved in all respects, legalized, and made
valid, to the same extent and with the same
effect as if said orders and proclamations had
been* issued and made, and said arrests, im-
prisonments, proceedings, and acts had been
done under the previous express authority and
direction of the Congress of the United States,
and in pursuance of a law thereof previously
enacted and expressly authorizing and direct-
ing the same to be done. And no civil court
of the United States, or of any State, or of
the District of Columbia, or of any district or
Territory of the United States, shall have or
take jurisdiction of, or in any manner reverse
any of the proceedings had or acts done as
aforesaid, nor shall any person be held to
answer in any of said courts for any act done
or omitted to be done in pursuance or in aid
of any of said proclamations or orders, or by
authority or with the approval of the Presi-
dent within the period aforesaid, and respect-
ing any of the matters aforesaid; and all offi-
cers and other persons in the service of the
United States, or who acted in aid thereof,
acting in the premises shall be held prima facie
to have been authorized by the President; and
all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed,
inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act to provide for the Allot-
ment of the Members of the Supreme Cburt
among the Circuits, and for the Appointment
of a Marshal for the Supreme Court.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Chief Justice of
the United States and the associate justices of
the Supreme Court shall be allotted among the
circuits now existing by order of the court; and
whenever a new allotment shall be required or
found expedient by reason of alteration of one
or more circuits, or of the new appointment
of a Chief Justice or associate justice, or other-
wise, it shall the duty of the court to make the
same; and if a new allotment shall become
necessary at any other time than during the
term, such allotment shall be made by the
Chief Justice, and shall be binding until the
next term, and until a new "allotment by the
court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Supreme Court may appoint a marshal for said
court, whose compensation shall be three thou-
sand five hundred dollars per annum; and said
marshal shall take charge of all property of the
United States used by said court or its mem-
bers, and shall serve and execute all processes
and orders issuing out of said court, or made
by the Chief Justice or an associate justice, in
pursuance of law; and shall pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States all fees and compen-
sation allowed by law, and render a true ac-
count thereof, at the close of each term, to the
Secretary of the Interior; and the said mar-
shal, with the approval of the Chief Justice,
may appoint assistants and messengers in place
of the crier and messengers now employed,
with such compensation as is or may be allowed
to officers of the House of Representatives of
similar grade ; and all acts and parts of acts
now in force relating to the marshal of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, shall apply to the said mar-
shal" of the Supreme Court, except bo far as
in this act otherwise provided.
Approved, March 2, 1897.
Chap. CLVII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to continue, alter, and amend
the Charter of the Qity of Washington,"
approved May seventeen, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second section
of the act entitled "An act to continue, alter,
and amend the charter of the city of Wash-
ington," approved May seventeen, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, shall be so amended
as to read, "To license, tax, anc^ regulate
agencies of all kinds of insurance companies:
Provided, That the tax or license shall not
exceed one per centum upon the cash pre-
miums received."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this act
are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2,1867.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act to establish a Depart-
ment of Education.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress asembled, That there shall lie estab-
lished, at the city of Washington, a Depart-
ment of Education, for the purpose of collect-
ing such statistics and facts as shall show the
condition and progress of education in the
several States and Territories, and of diffusing
such information respecting the organization
and management of schools and school sys-
tems, and methods of teaching, as shall aid the
people of the United States in the establish-
ment and maintenance of efficient school
systems, and otherwise promote the cause .of
education throughout the country.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
Shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
Commissioner of Education, who shall be in-
trusted with the management of the Depart-
ment herein established, and who shall receive
a salary; of four thousand dollars per annum,
and who shall have authority to appoint one
chief clerk of his Department, who shall re-
ceive a salary of two thousand dollars per
annum, one clerk who shall receive a salary
of eighteen hundred dollars per annum, and
one clerk who shall receive a salary of sixteen
hundred dollars per annum, which said clerks
shall be subject to the appointing and removing
power of the Commissioner of Education.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it-
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Edu-
cation to present annually to Congress a report
embodying the results of his investigations and
labors, together with a statement of such facts
and recommendations as will, in his judgment,
subserve the purpose for which this Depart-
ment is established. In the first report made
by the Commissioner of Education under this
act, there shall be presented a statement of
the several grants of land made by Congress
to promote education, and the manner in which
these several trusts have been managed, the
amount of funds arising therefrom, and the
annual proceeds of the same, as far as the
same can be determined.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Public Buildings is hereby
authorized and directed to furnish proper
offices for the uSe of the Department herein
established.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act declaring and fikiug
the Rights of Volunteers as a part of the
Army.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives qf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in computing the
length of service of any officer of the Army,
in order to determine what allowance and pay-
