200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLX.—An Act to grant certain Privi-
leges to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, granted to
the Alexandria, Washington, and Georgetown
Railroad Company to use steam power in draw-
ing the cars of said company on the structure
across the Potomac river erected by said com-
pany, under the provisions of the act entitled
''An act to extendsthe charter of the Alexan-
dria and Washington Railroad Company, and
for other purposes," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and along
the railway now laid by said company, or which
may be hereafter laid, under the provisions of
the said act, along Maryland avenue, in the
city of Washington, to the present depot of the
Washington branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, subject always, and in all particulars,
to such restrictions and regulations concerning
the use of such steam power as the corporation
of Washington may, by its ordinances, at any
time impose upon, or at any time require of,
the said railroad company.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
ment of additional or longevity rations he is
entitled to, and also in fixing the relative rank
to be given to an officer as between himself
and others having the same grade and date of
appointment and commission, there shall be
taken into account and credited to such officer
whatever time he may have actually served,
whether continuously or at different periods,
as a commissioned officer of the United States,
eitheT in the regular Army, or, since the nine-
teenth day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, in the volunteer service, either under
appointment or commission from the Governor ,
of a Stat#, or from the President of the United
States; and the provision herein contained as
to relative rank shall apply to all appoint- i
ments that have already been made under the
"Act to fix the military peace establishment
of the United States," approved July twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six. j
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
all matters relating to pay, allowances, rank,
duties, privileges, and rights of officers and
soldiers of the Army of the United States, the
same rule3 and regulations shall apply without
distinction for such time as they may be or
have been in the service, alike to those who
belong permanently to that service and to those
who, as volunteers, may be or have been com-
missioned or mastered into the military service
under the laws of the United States for a lim-
ited period. But nothing in this act shall be
construed as affecting or in any way relating
to the militia of the several States when called
into the service of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
act entitled "An act to increase the pay of sol-
diers in the United States Army, and for other
purposes," approved June twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, shall not be so con-
strued as to increase the emoluments of the
commissioned officers of the Army at the dats
of its passage, and the first section of the act
entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, was not intended
to be retrospective or retroactive in its opera-
tion, and shall not be so construed. '
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXI.—An Act authorizing Limited
Partnerships in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America tit
Congress assembled, That limited partnerships
for the transaction of any mercantile, mechan-
ical, or manufacturing business within the
District of Columbia may be formed by two or
more persons upon the terms, with the rights
and powers, and subject to the conditions and
liabilities herein prescribed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That such
partnership may consist of one or more per-
sons. who shall Be called general partners, and
who shall be jointly and severally responsible
as general partners are by law, and of one or
more persons, who shall contribute in actual
cash payments a specific sum as capital to the
common stock, who shall be called special
partners, and who shall not be liable for the
debts of the partnership beyond the fund so
contributed by him or them to the capital; but
the number of special partners shall in no part-
nership exceed six.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thgt per-*
sons desirous of forming such partnerships shall
make and severally sign a certificate, which
shall contain the name or firm under which
such partnership is to be conducted; the gen-
eral nature of the business intended to be
transacted; the names of all the general and
special partners intended therein, distinguish-
ing which are general and which are special
partners, >and their respective places of resi-
dence ; the amount of capital which each spe-
cial partner shall have contributed to the com-
mon stock; the period at which the partner-
ship is to commence, and the period at which
it is to terminate.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
certificate shall be acknowledged by the sev-
eral persons signing the same before a notary
public or a judge of any court in the District
of Columbia, and such acknowledgments shall
be made and certified in the same manner as
the acknowledgments of deeds of land, and
when so acknowledged and certified shall be
filed in the office of the clerk of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and shall
be recorded by him at large in a book kept for
that purpose open to public inspection.
Sec. 6. Ana be it further enacted, That at
the time of filing th« original certificate, with
the evedence of the acknowledgment thereof,
as before directed, an affidavit of one or more
of the general partners shall also be filed there-
with in the same office, stating that the sums
specified in the certificate to have been con-
tributed by each of the special partners to the
common stock have been actually and in good
faith paid in cash.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no
such partnership shall be deemed to have been
formed until a certificate shall have been made,
acknowledged, filed, and recorded, nor until
an affidavit shall have been made and filed as
above directed; and if any false statement
(not the result of accident or mistake) shall
be made in such certificate or affidavit, all the
persons interested in such partnership shall be
liable for all the engagements thereof as gen-
eral partners.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
partners shall publish the terms of the part-
nership, when registered, three times a week
for at least four weeks, immediately after such
registry, in two newspapers to be designated
by the clerk of the court in which such registry
shall be made, the first publication to appear
within one week after the registry, and if such
publication be not made, the partnership shall
be'deemed general. The affidavits of the pub-
lication of such notice by the editors or pub-
lishers of the newspapers in which the same
shall have been published shall be filed with
the clerk directing the same, and shall be
prima facie evidence of the facts therein con-
tained ; the affidavit of any one editor or pub-
lisher of each newspaper being sufficient.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thai every
renewal or continuance of such partnership
beyond the time originally fixed for tts dura-
tion shall be certified, acknowledged, and re-
corded, and an affidavit of a general partner
be made and filed, and notice be given in the
manner herein required for its original forma-
tion ; and every such partnership which shall
be otherwise renewed and continued shall be
deemed a general partnership.
Sec. 9. And be it furthef enacted, That every
alteration which shall be made in the names
of the partners, in the nature of the business,
or in the capital or shares thereof, or in any
other matter specified in the original certificate,
shall be deemed a dissolution of the partner-
ship ; and every such partnership which shall
in any manner be carried on after any such
alteration shall have been made shall be deemed
a general partnership, unless renewed as a
special partnership, under the provisions of the
last preceding section.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
business of the partnership may be conducted
under the name of any one or more of the gen-
eral partners, and with or without the addition
of the word Co. or company, as the parties
may determine ; and in any action or suit to
be brought on any contract or engagement of
the partnership, or to enforce any liability of
the same, the general partner or partners whose
name or names shall be used in said firm or
business shall be the only necessary defend-
ants ; and any judgment or decree recovered
against said defendant or defendants shall have
the same legal effeet and operation, and execu-
tion thereon shall be enforced and have like
effect against the partnership assets as if the
judgment or decree had been recovered against
the general partners.
Sec. 11. And be it further fnacted, That if
the name of any special partner shall be used
in.the firm with his privity, heshaj^be deemed
a general partner, and the general partners
only shall transact the business; and if a special
partner shall interfere, contrary to this pro-
vision, he shall be deemed a general partner,
but he may from time to time examine into the
state and progress of the partnership concerns
and advise as to their management.
Sec. 12'. Andbeit further enacted, That no
part of the sum which any special partner shall
have contributed to the capital stock shall be
withdrawn by him or paid or transferred to him
in the shape of dividends, profits, or otherwise,
during the continuance of the partnership, but
anypartner may annually receive lawful interest
on the sum so contributed by him if the pay-
ment of such interest shall not reduce the origi-
nal amount of such capital; and if, after pay-
ment of such interest, any profits shall remain
to be divided, he may also receive his portion
of such profits.
Se^. 13. And be it further enacted, That if
it shall appear that, by the payment of interest
or profits to any special partner, the original
capital has been reduced, the partner receiving
the same shall be bound to restore the amount
necessary to make good his share of capital*
with interest, on being notified thereof.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That
every sale, assignment, or transfer of any prop-
erty or effects of such partnership, or ot any
general partner, made by such partnership or
general partner when insolvent or in contem-
plation of insolvency, or after or in contempla-
tion of the insolvency of any general partner,
with the intent of giving a preference to any
creditor of such partnership or insolvent part-
ner, and every judgment confessed, lien created,
or security given by snch partnership or general
partner under the like circumstances and with
the like intent, shall be void as against the
creditors of such partnership.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
every special partner who shall violate any of
the provisions of the last two sections, or who
shall concur in or assent to any such violation
by the partnership or by any individual partner,
shall be liable as a general partner.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That in
case of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the
