202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Legislative, Executive, and
Judicial Expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums !
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, !
namely: j
LEGISLATIVE.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred and fourteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, '
messengers, and others receiving .an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, via: See- :
retary of the Senate, four thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars; officer charged
with disbursements of the Senate, five hun- ,
dred and seventy-six dollars; chief clerk,
three thousand dollars; principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, at two thousand five
hundred and ninety-two dollars each ; eight
clerks in office of the Secretary of the Senate,
at two thousand two hundred and twenty dol-
lars each; keeper of the stationery, two thou-
sand one hundred and two dollars and forty
cents; two messengers, at one thousand two
hundred and ninety-six dollars each; one page,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars; Ser-
geant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two thousand
four hundred dollars; assistant doorkeeper,
two thousand and forty dollars; Postmaster
to the Senate, two thousand one hundred dol-
lars ; assistant postmaster and mail-carrier,
one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight
dollars; two mail boys, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
document-room, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; two assistants in document-room, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each; superintendent of the folding-room, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; three mes-
sengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at
one thousand eight hundred dollars each; sev-
enteen messengers, at one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars each ; clerk or secretary
to the President of the Senate, two thousand
one hundred and two dollars and forty cents ;
clerk to the Committee on Finance, two thou-
sand two hundred and twenty dollars; clerk to
the Committee on Claims, two thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars; clerk to the Com-
mittee on Printing records, two thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars; superintendent
in charge of the furnaces, one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars; assistant in charge
of furnaces, eight hundred and sixty-four dol-
lars; laborer in charge of private passages,
eight hundred and sixty-four dollars ; two la-
borers, at eight hundred and sixty-four dollars
each; Chaplain to the Senate, nine hundred
dollars ; one special policeman, eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars; making ninety-eight
thousand seven hundred and four dollars and
eighty cents.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For newspapers, five thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe, thirty-five thousand
five hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For reporting and printing the proceedings
in the Daily Globe for the first session of the
Fortieth Congress, twenty-one thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
Senate for the first session of the Fortieth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, fonr
thousand dollars.
For one complete set of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Senator in the
Fortieth Congress, who has not already re-
ceived them: Provided, however, That any
Senator who has already, as srmember of the
House of Representatives, received a portion
of a set of the Congressional Globe shall only
be entitled to receive, as such Senator, the
additional volumes required to complete one
full set, nine thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent for every five
pages exceeding three thousand, including the
indexes and laws of the United States, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, fifty-five thousand seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
For Capitol police, twenty-five thousand five
hundred dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating
apparatus, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand
dollars.
For compensation and mileage of members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million one hundred
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, viz: Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars ; chief clerk and one assistant
clerk, two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars each, five thousand one hundred
and eight-four dollars; twelve assistant clerks,
(including the Librarian,) at two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars each, twenty-five
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars; one
chief messenger, and messenger to the Speaker,
at five dollars and seventy-six cents per day
each, four thousand two hundred and four dol-
lars and eighty cents; for three messengers, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each, four thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars; one engineer, eighteen hundred dol-
lars ; three assistant engineers, at one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars each, four thou-
sand three hundred and twenty dollars; six
firemen, at two dollars and forty cents each
per day, five thousand two hundred and fifty-
six dollars; for clerk to Committee of Ways
and Means, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; clerk to Committee on
Appropriations, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars'; clerk to Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; clerk to Committee on Claims, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; Ser-
geant-at-Arms, two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; clerk to the Sergeant-at-
Arms, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars ;
Doorkeeper, two thousand^ five hundred and
ninety-two dollars; first assistant doorkeeper,
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars ; Postmaster, two thousand five hundred
and ninety-two dollars; first assistant post-
master, two thousand and eighty-eight dollars;
five messengers, at one thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars each ; two mail
boys, at one thousand and eighty dollars each;
Chaplain of the Hous , nine hundred dollars;
stenographers, four thousand three hundred
and eighty dollars; superintendent of fold-
ing-room, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; superintendent and assistant of
the document-room, at five dollars and sev-
enty-six cents per day each, four thousand two
hundred and five dollars and eighty cents;
eleven messengers, five at eighteen hundred
dollars and six at fourteen hundred and forty
dollars; twelve messengers during the session,
at the rate of fourteen hundred and forty dol-
lars per annum, eleven thousand five hundred
and twenty dollars.
For captain of Capitol police, two thousand
and eighty-eight dollars; lieutenant, eighteen
hundred dollars ; twenty-nine policemen, each
at one thousand five hundred and eighty-four
dollars per annum, and one watchmen, at
eleven hundred and fifty-two dollars, twenty-
five thousand four hundred and eighty-eight
dollars; making one hundred and fifty-five
thousand two hundred and forty-nine dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For cartage, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, thirty-
four thousand dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and
Delegate of the Fortieth Congress, and one
hundred copies of the same for the House
library, thirty-five thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent for every
five pages exceeding three thousand, including
the indexes and laws of the United States,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For one complete set of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Representative
in the Fortieth Congress, and each Delegate,
who has not received the- same heretofore,
thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars:
Provided, That notice is hereby given that at
the close of the Fortieth Congress the United
States will terminate the purchase of one com-
plete set of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate provided for by the act approved
July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
For folding documents, including materials,
forty-two thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, including plumbing, gas
fitting, repairs, and materials, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxea
for members, forty thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses,
ten thousand two hundred and thirty dollars.
For laborers, twelve thousand eight hundred
and ninety-three dollars.
For additional annual compensation to Louis
Saunders, in charge of House water-closets,
one hundred dollars, and for deficiency due
him for the current fiscal year, one hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, fifty-three thousand
six hundred and fifty dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, sixteen
thousand two hundred dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in
the Daily Globe, twenty-eight thousand dol-
For stationery, twenty-seven thousand dol-
lars.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the House for the Congres-
sional Globe for reporting the proceeding of
the House, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand eight hundred dollars.
public printing.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
the Public Printing, and the clerks and mes-
sengers in his office, eleven thousand five hun-
dred and seventeen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz:
for stationery, postage, advertising, furniture,
traveling expenses, horses and wagons, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For the public printing, four hundred and
forty-three thousand eight hundred and sixty
dollars.
