1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
For paper for the public printing, seven hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand nine hundx-ed and
seventy-two dollars.
For the public binding, three hundred and
fifty-one thousand three hundred and sixty-six
dollars.
For mapping in cases pending in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, three thou-
sand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of Librarian, five assistant
librarians, messenger, and laborers, thirteen
thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
For twenty per centum additional on the
above, twenty-seven hundred and thirty-six
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
three thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants,
and assistants in Botanic Garden and green-
houses, under direction of the Library Com-
mittee of Congress, six thousand one hundred
and forty-five dollars and eighty cents.
For twenty per centum additional allowance
on pay of the above, twelve hundred and twenty-
nine dollars and sixteen cents.
For purchasing files of the leading periodi-
cals and newspapers for said Library, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
COURT OP CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy
solicitor, chief clerk and assistant clerk, bail-
iff and messenger thereof, thirty-seven thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission-
ers, two thousand dollars.
For payment of judgments which may be
rendered by the court in favor of claimants,
ten hundred thousand dollars.'
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation 'of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
assistant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk
of pardons, three clerks of fourth class, stew-
ard, and messenger of the President of the
United States, eighteen thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Executive
office, including stationery thereof, five thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
and Assistant Secretary of State, Second Assist-
ant Secretary of State, examiner of claims,
chief clerk, superintendent of statistics, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers
in his office, sixt^-five thousand eight hundred
and eighty dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses
of the Department of State.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries, and in the city of Washington, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws
and documents for the various legations and
consulates, including boxes and transportation
of the same, four thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank books, furniture, fix-
tures, and repairs, five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building
occupied by the State Department.
For rent of said building, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For alterations and improvements of the
building, and for means of protection against
its destruction by fire, fifteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of four watchmen and
two laborers of the Northeast Executive Build-
ing, four thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz: for fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellane-
ous expenses, ten thousand dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, two Assistant Secretaries of the
Treasury, chief clerk, supervising architect,
and assistant architect, clerks, messengers,
assistant messenger, and laborers, one hun-
dred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messengers, and
laborers in his office, forty-eight thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptrol-
ler, chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
one hundred and thirty-seven thousand and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborer in his office, sixty
thousand three hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assist-
ant messengers, and laborers in his- office, five
hundred and twenty-one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messengers, assist-
ant messengers, and laborers in his office, three
hundred and eighty-nine thousand and eighty
dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger, and laborer in his office-
one hundred and ten thousand nine hundred
and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer
in his office, forty-nine thousand nine hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and the laborers in his office, one hun-
dred and ninety-three three thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, Assistant Treasurer, cashier,
assistant cashier, chiefs of division, book-keep-
ers, tellers, assistant tellers, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messengers, assistant messengers,
and laborers in his office, one hundred^ and
eighty-eight thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars. .
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, Assistant Register, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messengers, assistant messenger,
and laborers in his office, ninety-one thousand
five hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, Assistant Solicitor, chief clerk, and
the clerks, laborer, and messenger in his office,
twenty-two thousand one hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Customs, chief clerk, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, forty thousand
nine hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk, clerks,
messenger, and laborer of the Light-House
Board, nine thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the Comptroller of the
Currency, Deputy Comptroller, clerks, messen-
gers, and laborers, one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars.
For paper, special dies, and printing of cir-
culating notes, and expenses necessarily in-
curred (including express charges) in procur-
ing the same, in the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, two hundred thousand dollars.
For salaries of Commissioner, deputy com-
missioners, Solicitor, heads of divisions, and
clerks of Internal Revenue Office, three hun-
dred and forty-nine thousand four hundred
and fifty dollars.
For rent, dies, paper, and so forth, for
stamps and incidental expenses, including the
cost of subscription of such numbers of copies
of the Internal Revenue Records and Customs
Journals as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem necessary to supply the revenue offices,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, revenue agents,
inspectors, and superintendents of exports
and drawback, together with the expense of
carrying into effect the various provisions of
the several acts providing internal revenue,
excepting items otherwise estimated for, six
million dollars: Provided, That no assessor
or collector shall be entitled to any portion of
the salary pertaining to the office unless such
assessor shall have been confirmed by the Sen-
ate, except in cases bf commissions to fill va-
cancies which may have happened by death or
resignation during the recess of the Senate.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships'
registers, translating foreign languages, ad-
vertising, and extra clerk hire for preparing
and collecting information to be laid before
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, ten
thousand dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks who
may be employed by the Secretary according
to the exigencies of the public service, and
additional compensation for extra labor of
clerks in his office, five thousand dollars.
For janitors for the Treasury Department,
fifteen thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, public documents, State and
territorial statutes, and miscellaneous items,
one thousand dollars.
In the office (jf the Second Comptroller:
For contingent expenses of the office, one
thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscel-
laneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Second AuditoY:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscel-
laneous items, including two newspapers to be
filed and preserved for the use of the office,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
iC In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, three
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For stationery, postage, furniture, and mis-
cellaneous expenses, in which are included
two daily newspapers, two thousand dollars.
