1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
205
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
hundred and nine thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborers in the office of the Commissary
Genera!, fifty-four thousand four hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in the office of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, forty-three thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
and laborers in the office of the Chief Engi-
neer, twenty-eight thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and mes-
senger in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance,
sixty thousand and forty dollars.
For additional compensation to employes in
the offices of the Secretary of War, Adjutant
General, Quartermaster General, Paymaster
General, Commissary General, Surgeon Gen-
eral, Chief Engineer, and Chief of Ordnance,
under provisions of act of July twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, six thousand
six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of two clerks of class two
in the Signal office, two thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of one clerk of class four
in the office of inspector of Military Academy,
one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks in the office
of Military Justice, swen thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank books, stationery, labor, books,
maps, extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, thirty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank books, stationery, and binding,
including rent of office and hire of watchmen,
fourteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer :
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, including ren of office,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief of Ordnance :
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest
Executive Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the Northwest
Executive Building, three thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
For additional compensation to subordinate
employes, under provisions of act of July
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For thegeneral purposes of the Building corner
of F and Seventee\n]th streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and mis-
cellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
For additional compensation to subordinate
employes, under provisions of act of July
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner
of F and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Navy, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, So-
licitor and Naval Judge Advocate General,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assist-
ant messenger, and laborers in his office, fifty-
eight thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, the civil engineer, chief
clerk, messenger, laborers, and the following
clerks and draughtsmen, which are hereafter
authorized, viz: one clerk of class four, two
clerks of class three, one clerk of class two,
one clerk of class one, and one draughtsman,
at a salary <jf eighteen hundred dollars per
annum, sixteen thousand six hundred and
i'orty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Equipment and Recruiting, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
fourteen thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, chief clerk, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, ten thousand
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance, and chief clerk, clerks, draughts-
man, whose salary is hereby established at
eighteen hundred dollars per annum, messen-
ger, and laborers in his office, sixteen thou-
sand six hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, chief clerk, and
the clerks, draughtsman, whose salary is hereby
established at eighteen hundred dollars per
annum, messenger and laborer in his office,
eighteen thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Steam Engineering, chief clerk, and the
clerks, draughtsman, whose salary is hereby
established at eighteen hundred dollars per
annum, messenger, and laborer in his office,
twelve thousand two hundred and twenty dol-
lars ; and of one clerk of class two, which is
hereby authorized, one thousand four hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Provisions and Clothing, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, ana laborer, twenty-
two thousand one hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, assistant, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
eleven thousand four hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the Navy
Department,
Office of the Secretary of the Navy:
For stationery, labor, newspapers, periodi-
cals, and miscellaneous items, five thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Yards and-Docks 
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, and
incidental labor, one thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred.and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For stationery, blank books, binding, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, in-
cluding three hundred dollars for photographer,
one thousand three hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank books, stationery, and miscel-
laneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank books, stationery, and miscella-
neous items, eight hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest
Executive Building.
For compensation of nine watchmen and
two laborers of the Southwest Executive Build-
ing, seven thousand six hundred and thirty-two
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, three Assistant Postmasters General, chief
clerk, superintendent of money-order system,
topographer, three chief clerks, and the clerks,
(including forty-three female clerks, at nine
hundred dollars each,) messenger, assistant
messengers, watchmen and laborers of said
Department, two hundred and seventy-three
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For additional compensation to subordinate
employes, under the provisions of act of July
twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
two thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For additional and temporary clerks, forty
thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
For blank books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office Building, includ-
ing the Auditor's office, oil, gas, and ca dles,
printing, repair of the General Post Office Build-
ing, office furniture, glazing, painting, white-
washing, and for keeping the fire-places and
furnaces in order, for engineer for steam en-
gine, laborers, watchmen, repairs of furniture,
and for miscellaneous items, fifty-six thousand
dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Ag-
riculture, chief clerk, entomologist, chemist,
and the clerks and employes in his office,
thirty-eight thousand and twenty dollars.
For contingencies, viz: For stationery,
freight, purchase of library, laboratory, fuel,
light, rent, and miscellaneous items, thirteen
thousand dollars.
For collecting agricultural statistics for an-
nual and monthly reports, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For purchase and distribution of new and
valuable seeds, viz:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower
seeds, and for labor in putting up seeds, seed-
bags, and miscellaneous items, eighty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the Commissioner
of Agriculture shall only purchase and dis-
tribute with the fund herein appropriated for
that purpose such weds as are rare and un-
common to the country, or such as can be made
more profitable by frequent changes from one
part of our own country to another: Provided,
That the Commissioner shall, on or before the
fifteenth day of December in each year here-
