208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
vessels, twenty-three thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses of forty-threg light-vessels,
two hundred and seventy-one thousand seven
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and fifty cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, ana supplying losses of
beacons and buoys, and for chains and sinkers
Cor the same, two; hundred and twenty-two
thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of refit-
ting and improving fog-signals and buildings
connected therewith, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and older aids to navigation, two thousand
dollars.
For commissions at two and one half per
centum to such superintendents as are entitled
to the same under the provisions of the acts of
March third, eighteen hundred and Mly-four,
[one,] on the amount that may be disbursed
by them, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs to the wharf and buildings at
the buoy depot, Wood's Hole, Massachusetts,
twelve thousand dollars.
For enabling the Light-House Board to make
such alterations in the day-beacon at Connimi-
cut Point, Providence river, as to fit it for the
exhibition of a light, fifteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at the following
stations, viz: Point aux Roches, Black Rock,
Plum Island, Burlington Beacons, Princess
Bay, and Point Judith, twenty-four thousand
two hundred dollars.
For rebuilding Cumberland Head light-house
upon a more eligible site, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Saugerties,
New York, and suitably protecting it, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Stuyvesant light-house, New
York, and suitably protecting it, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Sands's Point
light-station, New York, nine thousand four
hundred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Execution
Rocks light-station, including a fog-signal,
nineteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Great Cap-
tain's Island light-station, twelve thousand
dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Norwalk
Island light-station, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Old Field
Point light-station, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Eaton's Neck
light-station, eleven thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Little Gull
Island light-station, including a fog-signal, four-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
For rebuilding Cedar Island light-station, and
suitably protecting it, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For additional appropriation for a new light-
house on North Brother Island or vicinity, Last
river, New York, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For construction of a vault for the storage
of oil at the light-house depot, Staten Island,
New York, twenty thousand eight hundred and
sixty-one dollars.
For repair* and renovations at the break-
water which protects the light-house establish-
ment property at Staten Island, New York,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations to the sea-wall
at light-Jiouse depot, Staten Island, New York,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For landing wharf, roadway, and coal-shed, at
the Staten Island depot, fifteen thousand dollars.
For workshops for lampists, blacksmiths,
coopers, at Staten Island depot, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Morgan's
Point light-station, twelve thousand dollars.
For tramways, grading, and fences and
dredging at the Staten Island depot, eight
thousand dollars.
For protection of the light-house site at
Absecom, New Jersey, five thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Egg Island,
New Jersey, fifteen thousand dollars.
For constructing a buoy-shed at the light-
house depot, Staten Island, New York, three
thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight dol-
lars.
For a beacon-light at Somers's Cove, Mary-
land, ten thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the first-class light-house at
Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Tybee Island
light-station, in addition to former appropria-
tions, thirty-four thousand four hundred and
forty-three dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Cape Can-
averal, Florida, and fitting it up with a first
order catadioptric illuminating apparatus, in
addition to former appropriations, twenty-one
thousand four hundred and seventy dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Pensacola
light-station, twenty thousand dollars.
For rebuiling Sand Island light-station,
eighty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Mobile Point light-house,
which the Light-House Board are hereby au-
thorized to do upon a more eligible site, if such
can be found, twenty thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations of the following
light-stations, viz: EastPascagoula,Tchefuncti,
Pass Manchac, Bayou Saint John, and Choc-
taw Point, fifty-three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For beacon-light on Sister Island, S$tint
Lawrence river, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at the light-
station on West Sister Island, Lake Erie,
twelve thousand dollars.
For additional appropriation for range-lights
at Maumee bay, Ohio, five thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Bayley's Har-
bor light-station, Michigan, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Bois Blanc
Island light-station, Michigan, fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For new light-house on the South Fox Island,
Lake Michigan, eighteen thousand dollars.
For a new' light-house and fog-signal on
Granite Island, Lake Superior, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For rebuilding and improving the light-house
at Skillagalee, (Isle aux Galets,) Lake Michi-
gan, forty thousand dollars.
For day-beacon to mark Stanard's Rock,
Lake Superior, ten thousand dollars.
For new light-house Sturgeon Point, Lake
Huron, fifteen thousand dollars.
For new lanterns at the light-stations at
Grand river and Milwaukee, (North Point,)
three thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the keeper's dwelling at
Presque Isle light-station, Lake Huron, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
B\>r rebuilding the keeper's dwelling at
Thunder Bay Island light-station, Lake Huron,
eight thousand .dollars.
For rebuilding the ke®per's dwelling at Mus-
kegon light-station, Lake Michigan, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For additional appropriation for a beacon-
light on Sand Point, west side of Little Bay
de Noquet, Michigan, nine thousand dollars.
For an efficient fog-signal at Point Concep-
tion, California, six thousand dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to reestab-
lish lights and other aids to navigation on the
southern coast, one hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation of two superintendents
for the life-saving stations on the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of
stations,' at two hundred dollars each, ten
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingencies of life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, ten thousand
dollars.
For the establishment of a light-house at
Santa Cruz, California, ten thousand dollars ;
Point Reyes, fifteen thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Trowbridge Point, in
Thunder Bay, Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Mendota, on Lake Supe-
rior, Michigan, fourteen thousand dollars.
For a light-house at or near Braddock's
Point, Georgia, in place of Caliboque light-
vessel, fifteen thousand dollars.
For alight-house to mark Tybee Island Knoll,
Georgia, in place of light-vessel, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
"" For range-lights on Morris Island, as guides
in crossing Charleston Bar, South Carolina,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For rebuilding light-house on Deep Water
Shoals, in James river, Virginia, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For rebuilding light-house tower and keeper' a
dwelling at Saint Simon's, Georgia, forty-five
thousand dollars.
For a reappropriation of the amount here-
tofore appropriated for an iron light-house at
Southwest Pass, but which has been carried to
the surplus fund, one hundred and eight thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For a new light-house at Punta Arenas, Cal-
ifornia, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at Cape Blanco, Ore-
gon, seventy-five thousand dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the estate of Charles H. Peaslee, de-
ceased, late collector of customs at Boston, a
balance remaining due him upon settlement
of his accounts, seven thousand five hundred
and nineteen dollars and twenty-four cents.
For erecting a barge office at New York,
fifty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of the stone building and
lot at Suspension Bridge, New York, now used
for Government purposes, six thousand dol-
lars.
For rebuilding the custom-house at Wiscas-
set, Maine, with authority to the Secretary of*
the Treasury to sell the present site and pur-
chase a new one, if deemed for the public
interest, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fitting up certain rooms in the unfinished
portion of the custom-house building in New
Orleans, Louisiana, ten thousand dollars.
To reconstruct chimneys and flues in the
Patent Office Building, eight thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the north por-
tico of the Patent Office Building, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the Capitol ex-
tension, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the Dome of the Capitol, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the purpose of paying the total liabilities
of the Census Office,"exclusive of the amount
claimed to be due to the United States mar-
shals and their assistants, eight hundred and
ninety dollars and sixty-four cents.
For repairs to marine hospital at Louisville,
Kentucky, ten thousand dollars.
For a custom-house in Newport, Vermont,
ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of a site and the erection of a
building for a custom-house and post office at
Machias, Maine, twenty thousand dollars.
For custom-house and post office at Astoria,
Oregon, twenty-five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That vessels may load and unload at
the city of Portland, in said State, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Fotjconstructing fire-proof appraisers' stores
on the property known as the Pennsylvania
Bank Building, and belonging to the Gov-
