1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
States and completed in another, every such
offense shall be deemed to have been commit-
ted in either of the said districts, and may be
dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined, and
punished in either of the said districts, in the
same manner as if it had been actually and
wholly committed therein.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That all
inspectors appointed under the provisions of
the act or acts of which this is amendatory
shall be required to give bonds, with security,
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury or
assessor of the district, in a sum not less than
five thousand dollars, conditioned for the
faithful discharge of the duties of such in-
spector.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That
any person who shall sell, give away, or other-
wise dispose of, any empty cigar box or boxes
which have been stamped, without first defac-
ing or destroying such stamps, or shall refill
any cigar box without first defacing or destroy-
ing such stamp, shall, on conviction of either
offense, be liable to a penalty of one hundred
dollars or to imprisonment not exceeding sixty
days, or both, in the discretion of the court,
with the costs of the trial; and it shall be law-
ful for any cigar inspector or revenue officer
to destroy any empty cigar box upon which a
cigar stamp shall be found.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That
the tonnage duty now imposed on all ships,
vessels, or steamers engaged in foreign or
domestic commerce, shall be levied but once
within one year, and when paid by such ship,
vessel, or steamer, no further tonnage tax
shall be collected within one year from the
date of such payment.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act,
and all acts and parts of acts imposing any
tax upon advertisements, or the gross receipts
of toll-roads, are hereby repealed: Provided,
That this act shall not be construed to affect
any act done, right accrued, or penalty incurred,
under former acts, but every such right is hereby
saved; and all suits and prosecutions for acts
already done in violation of any former act or
acts of Congress relating to the subjects em-
braced in this act may be commenced or pro-
ceeded with in like manner as if this act had
not"been passed; and all penal clauses and
provisions in existing laws relating to the sub-
jects embraced in this act shall be deemed
applicable thereto.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chat. CLXX.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Support of the Army for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and for other purposes.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Un ited States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
he, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight:
For expenses of recjjiiting, transportation
of recruits, and compensation to citizen sur-
geons for medical attendance, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, fourteen million seven
hundred and fifty-seven thousand nine hundred
and fifty-two dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence,
two million two hundred and twenty-eightthou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-two dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers'
horses, one hundred and four thousand six
hundred dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, two hundred and seventy-six thou-
sand nine hundred and seventy-eight dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for
clothing not drawn, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen,
seventy thousand dollars.
For Army medical museum, ten thousand
dollars.
For medical works for library of Surgeon
General's office, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of Commanding General's
office, ten thousand dollars.
For Repairs and Improvements of Armories
and Arsenals.
For arsenal and armory at Kock Island, Illi-
nois, six hundred and eighty-six thousand five
i hundred dollars.
For the erection of a bridge at Rock Island,
Illinois, as recommended by the chief of Ord-
nance, two hundred thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the ownership of said bridge shall
be and remain in the United States, and the
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company
shall have the right of way over said bridge
for all purposes of transit across the island and
river, upon the condition that the said com-
pany shall, before any money is expended by
the Government, agree to pay and shall secure
to the United States, first, half the cost of said
bridge; and second, half the expenses of
keeping said bridge in repair; and upon guar-
antying said conditions to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War, by contract or other-
wise, the said company shall have the free use
of said bridge for purposes of transit, but with-
out any claim to ownership thereof.
For Watervliet arsenal, West Troy, New
York, thirty-eight thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, three hundred thousand dollars.
For Allegheny arsenal, Pittsburg, Pennsyl*
vania, thirty-four thousand dollars.
For Chatnplain arsenal at Vergennes, Ver-
mont, eight hundred dollars.
For Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio, One
hundred and thirty-nine thousand six hundred
and twenty-five dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, Old Point Com-
fort, Virginia, six thousand dollars.
For Fort Union arsenal, Fort Union, New
Mexico, ton thousand dollars.
For Frankford arsenal, Bridesburg, Pennsyl-
vania, thirty thousand dollars.
For Kennebec arsenal, Augusta, Maine, one
thousand five hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For Indianapolis arsenal, Indianapolis, In-
diana, one hundred and sixty-nine thousand six
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth,
Kansas, fifteen thousand dollars.
For New York arsenal, Governor's Island,
New York, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For Pikesville assenal, Pikesville, Maryland,
eight hundre'd dollars.
For Saiat Louis arsenal, Saint Lottis, Mis-
souri, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For Washington arsenal, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, fifty thousand dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massa-
chusetts, twenty-one thousand six hundred and
sixty-seven dollars.
For the purchase of the Willard Sears estate,
adjoiningthe Watertown arsenal grounds, forty-
nine thousand and seven hundred dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary ; and the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized to sell
at public auction a lot of land belonging to
the United States situated in South Boston, if,-
in his opinion, the same is not needed, for the
public service, and pay the proceeds thereof
into the Treasury.
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands.
For salaries of assistant commissioners, sub-
assistant commissioners, and agents, one hun-
dred and forty-seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salaries of clerks, eighty-two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For stationery and printing, sixty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For quarters and fuel, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For commissary stores, one million five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For medical department, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation, eight hundred thousand
dollars.
For school superintendents, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For buildings for schools and asylums, in-
cluding construction, rental, and repairs, five
hundred thousand dollars.
For telegraphing and postage, eighteen thou-
sand dollars: Provided, Thatthe Commissioner
be hereby authorized to apply any balance on
hand, at this date, of the refugees and freed-
men's fund, accounted for in his last annual
report, to aid educational institutions actually
incorporated for loyal refugees and freedmen:
And provided further, That no agent or clerk
not heretofore authorized by law shall receive
a monthly allowance exceeding the sum of two
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
headquarters of the General of the Army of
the United States shall be at the city of Wash-
ington, and all orders and instructions relating
to military operations issued by the President
or Secretary of War shall be issued through
the General of the Army, and, in case of his
inability, through the next in rank. The Gen-
eral of the Army shall not bo removed, sus-
pended, or relieved from command, orassigned
to duty elsewhere than at said headquarters,
except at his own request, without the previous
approval of the Senate; and any orders or
instructions relating to military operations
issued contrary to the requirements of this
section shall be null and void; and any officer
who shall issue orders or instructions contrary
to the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor in office; and any offi-
cer of the Army who shall transmit, convey,
or obey any orders or instructions so issued
contrary to the provisions of this section,
knowing that such orders were so issued, shall
be liable to imprisonment for not less than two
nor more than twenty years, upon conviction
thereof in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion three of the joint resolution relative to
appointments to the Military Academy, ap-
proved June sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be disbursed by the Secretary
ot War, in the erection of fire-proof buildings
at or near the city of Jeffersonville, in the
State of Indiana, to be used as storehouses for
Government property.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the officers of the Army
and Navy, and of the Freedmen's Bureau, to
prohibit and prevent whipping or maiming of
the person, as a pnnishment for any crime,
misdemeanor, or offense, by any pretended
civil or military authority in any State lately
in rebellion until the civil government of such
State shall have been restored, and shall have
been recognized by the Congress of the United
States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all
militia forces now organized or in service in
either of the States of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, be
forthwith disbanded, and that the further or-
ganization, arming, or calling into service of
the said militia forces, or any part thereof,
is hereby prohibited under any circumstances
