1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
machinists, master carpenters, master joiners,
master blacksmiths, master boiler-makers,
master sailmakers, master plumbers, ami mas-
ter painters and master caulkers shall be men
skilled in their several duties and appointed
from civil life.
For pay of some suitable person appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy to examine the
archives of the Department and other sources
of information, and collect and collate the
facts which may illustrate the history of the
United States Navy, fifteen hundred dollars.
bureau of navigation".
For navigation apparatus and supplies, and
for purposes incidental to navigation, two hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand six hundred and
twenty-six dollars.
For expenses of Naval Academy, viz.: for
pay of civil officers, professors, watchmen, and
others, contingent expenses, improvements
and repairs, two hundred and eighty-three
thousand nine hundred and thirteen dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory, viz.:
[for] pay of assistant astronomer, three aids,
and clerk ; for wages of instrument maker,
two watchmen, porter, and messenger; for
keeping grounds in order, and repairs to build-
ings and inelosures ; for fuel, light, office fur-
niture, and stationery, and for freight, trans-
portation, postage, and incidental expenses,
twenty-one thousand five hundred dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-one thousand dol-
lars.
For payment of expenses of visitors to the
Naval Academy, two thousand dollars.
bureau of equipment and recruiting.
For the payment of bounties to discharged
seamen, five hundred thousand dollars.
For expenses that may accrue for the fol-
lowing purposes, namely: expenses of recruit-
ing, transportation of men, printing, and sta-
tionery, advertising in public newspapers,
postage on public letters, wharfage, and de-
murrage, apprehension of deserters, assistance
to vessels in distress, &c.. five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
bureau op construction and repair.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, sixty-three thousand dollars.
bureau or steam engineering.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishments at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, twenty-four thousand dollars.
bureau of provisions and clothing.
For pay of the civil establishments at the
several navy-yards and at the Naval Asylum,
eighteen thousand one hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
bureau of medicine and surgery.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances
for the sick and wounded of the Navy, Ma-
rine corps, and Coast Survey, fifty thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment under the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery at the sev-
eral naval hospitals and navy-yards^ sixty-
thousand seven hundred and sixty-three dol-
lars.
Naval Hospital, Boston.
For repairs and improvements of all kinds,
including roads, buildings, fences, walls, farm,
garden, painting,glazing, blacksmiths',plumb-
ers', and masons' work, furniture, and so
forth, seven thousand two hundred dollars.
Naval Hospital, New York.
For repairs and improvements of all kinds,
including the buildings, out-houses, walls,
fences, cemetery, furniture, and so forth,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
Naval Hospital, Philadelphia.
For furniture and general outfit of the estab-
lishment, ten thousand dollars.
Naval Hospital, Washington, D. C.
For repairs of building and appendages,
fences, sidewalk, furniture, painting, glazing,
and so forth, five thousand dollars.
Naval Hospital, Norfolk.
For repairs of buildings, appendages,
wharves, roads, fences, painting, glazing, fur-
niture, and so forth, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars. t
Naval Hospital, Mare Island, California.
For building naval hospital and appendages,
twenty thousand dollars.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
steward and nurse, and servants; for rations
and clothing for officers' servants; additional
rations to officers for five .years' service; for
undrawn clothing, nine hundred and sixty-
seven thousand dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For provisions, one hundred and sixty-nine
thousand nine hundred and seven dollars and
fifty cents.
For clothing, two hundred and ninety-tWo
thousand one hundred and eighty-six: dollars
and eighty-four cents.
For fuel, thirty thousand one hundred and
seventeen dollars.
For military stores, viz: pay of mechanics,
repair of arms, purchase of accouterments,
ordnance stores, nags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, sixteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and expenses of recruiting, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz : freight; ferriage ;
toll; cartage; wharfage; purchase and repair
of boats; compensation to judge advocates;
per diem for attending courts-martial, courts
of inquiry, and for constant labor; house rent
in lieu of quarters; burial of deceased ma-
rines ; printing, stationery, postage, telegraph-
ing ; apprehension of deserters ; oil, candles,
gas ; repairs of gas and water fixtures ; water
rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture ; furni-
ture for officers' quarters ; bed-sacks, wrap-
ping-paper, oil-cloth, crash, rope, twine,
spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools;
keep of a horse for the messenger; pay of
matron, washerwoman, and porter at the hos-
pital headquarters; repair to fire-engine; pur-
chase and repair of engine hose ; purchase of
lumber for benches, mess-tables, and bunks ;
repairs to public carryall; purchase and repair
of harness; purchase and repair of handcarts
and wheelbarrows; scavengering; purchase
and repair of galleys, cooking-stoves, ranges;
stoves where there are no grates ; gravel for
parade grounds ; repair of pumps; furniture
for staff and commanding officers' offices;
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for
other purposes, eighty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to negotiate with
the city of Brooklyn, in the State of New York,
and to effect a further exchange of lands in
Wallabout Bay, between the United States and
the said city, and thereupon to make, execute,
and deliver good and sufficient deeds and
releases therefor: Provided, That the title
acquired shall be approved ■by the Attorney
General and the exchange shall be effected
without expenditure from the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
officer or employe of the Government shall
require or request any working man in any
navy-yard to contribute or pay any money for
political purposes, nor shall any working man
be removed or discharged for political opinions:
and any officer or employ^ of the Government
who shall offend against the provisions of this
section shall be dismissed the service of the
United States.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
j Chap. CLXXTII. — An Act making Appro-
j priations for the Current and Contingent
1 Expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
■ Indian Tribes for the year ending June
i thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
i Beit enacted b;/ the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
1 Congress assembled, That the following sums
: be, and they are hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of paying the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes—
For the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian
affairs and of Indian agents, one hundred and
ten thousand five hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of sub-agents, six thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For pay of temporary clerks by superintend-
ents of Indian affairs, five thousand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty-eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dol-
lars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes:
Apaches.
For second of forty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, according to the terms of the
second article treaty October seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the transportation of goods,
provisions, and so forth, purchased for the
Apache Indians, according to the terms of the
same article of same treaty, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper
Arkansas River.
For second of forty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, according to the terms of the
seventh article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteMi hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, fifty-six thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Arapaho and Chey-
enne Indians of the Upper Arkansas river, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Assinabotnes.
For first of payments to be made during the
pleasure of Congress, to be expended at the
discretion of the President in such articles,
goods, and provisions as he may from time to
time determine; ten thousand dollars of which
may be expended in the purchase of stock
animals, agricultural implements: in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits;
