220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March %
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in employing mechanics; in educating their
children; providing necessary and proper med-
icines and medical attendance; care for and
support of their aged, infirm, and sick; for
their helpless orphans, and in any other re-
spect to promote their civilization, comfort,
and improvement; and also for pay of head
chief, thirty thousand dollars.
Arickarees, Gfross Ventres, and Mandams.
For first of payments to be made during the
pleasure of Congress, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine ;
five thousand dollars of which may be expended
in the purchase of stock animals, agricultural
implements; in instructing in agricultural and
mechanical pursuits ; in employing mechanics,
educating their children, providing medicines
and medical attendance ; care for and support
of the aged, sick, and infirm ; for the helpless
orphans of said Indians, and in any other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort,
and improvement, and also for pay of head
chief, soldier chiefs, second chiefs, and Pierre
Gavreau for his services to the Arickarees,
forty thousand dollars.
Cheyennes of the Tipper Platie River.
For this amount, the Cheyennes near Fort
Laramie, to be placed at the disposal of the
President, to be expended by him or under his
direction in such manner as will best tend to
sustain peaceable relations with said Indians,
ten thousand dollars.
Camanehes and Kioways.
For second of forty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, according to the terms of the
fifth article treaty of October eighteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
Bixty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Camanche and
Kioway Indians, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, eight
thousand dollars.
Camanehes, Kiowas, and Apaches, of Arkan-
sas River.
For the fourth of five installments, being the
second series for the purchase of goods, pro-
visions, and agricultural implements, per sixth
article treaty twenty-seventh July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, eighteen thousand dol-
lars.
For expenses of transportation of the fourth
of five installments of goods, provisions, and
agricultural implements, per sixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, seven thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians,
of Willamette Valley.
For third of five installments of the third
Series of annuity for beneficial objects, per
second article treaty twenty-second January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
Chasta, Seoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments of an-
nuity, to be expended as directed by the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thou-
gand dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for the
pay of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eight-
eenth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for pay
of physician, medicines, and expense of care
of the sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for pay
of teachers and purchase of books and station-
ery, per fifth article treaty eighteenth Novem-
ber, eigthteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
Chippewas, Menomones, Winnebagos, and
New York Indians.
For educational purposes during the pleasure
of Congress, per fifth article treaty eleventh
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, :
one thousand five hundred dollars,
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and
Black River.
For last of two equal installments in coin,
to be distributed per capita, in the usual man-
ner of paying annuities, per second article
of the treaty of August second, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, eighteen thousand eight
hundred dollars. |
Chippewas of Lake Superior. \
For thirteenth of twenty installments in coin, |
per fourth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars. j
For thirteenth of twenty installments in
goods, household furniture, [and] cooking
utensils, per fourth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for
agricultural implements, and cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, three thousand
dollars. j
For thirteenth of twenty installments for !
mofal and educational purposes, three hundred !
dollars of which to be paid to the Grand Port-
age band yearly to enable them to maintain a
school at their village, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for the
support of six smiths' shops, per second and
fifth articles treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
seventh smith and assistant, and support of
shops, per second and fifth articles treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop
for the Bois Fort band, during the pleasure of
the President, per twelfth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty of April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one thousand
and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Fort
band, during the pleasure of the President,
per twelfth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third arti-
cle treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, one thousand two hundretf dol-
lars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery'of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Lake Superior, five thousand
seven hundred and sixty-two dollars and sixty-
three cents.
Bois Fort Band of Chippewas.
For second of twenty installments, for the
support of one blacksmith and assistant, and
for tools, iron and steel, and other articles
necessary for the blacksmith shop, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For second of twenty installments, for the
support of one school-teacher, and for neces-
sary books and stationery, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, eight hundred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the
instruction of the Indians in farming, and pur-
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, eight hundred'dollars.
For second of twenty installments of annuity
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For second of twenty installments of annuity
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as per
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand dollars. •
For second of twenty installments of annuity
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions to
the Bois Fort band of Chippewa Indians,
as per sixth article treaty of April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For first of ten installments of the second
series in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, four thousand one hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For first of ten intallments of the second
series for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty seventh May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, four hundred
dollars.
For first of ten installments of the second
series, in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For first of ten installments of the second
series for the support of schools, per fourth
article treatyfourth Octoberj eighteen'hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article of treaty seventh May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For first of ten installments of second series,
for the purchase of provisions and tobacco,
per fourth article treatyfourth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thietieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third article of treaty seventh
May, eighteen hundred and aixty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For first of ten installments of the second
series for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-tfao, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred andfifty-four, and
third article of treaty seventh May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, six hundred and sixty-
six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For first of ten installments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, three hun-
dred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
