1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
Laws of the United States.
89th Coxg....2d Sess.
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hunJred and sixty-four, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For second of four installments of thirty
thousand dollars, (being the fourth series,)
under direction of the President, as per fifth
article of treaty of January thirty-first, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of teachers, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hnndred
and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For eighth of twenty installments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to pro-
vide the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh
article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hun-
dred and filty-five, live hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of ablacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For last of twelve installments foreontinuing
and keeping up a blacksmith-shop, and pro-
viding the usual quantity of iron and steel, per
fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eight-
een hundred and forty-eight, and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For second of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for pay
of miller, per third article treaty twelfth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth
article treaty twenty-third October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-four, and fourth article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per
third article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For eighth of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty -
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate's amendment to fourth
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-two dol-
lars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty twenty-first Au-
j gust, eighteen hundred and five, two hundred
! and fifty dollars.
| For permanent annuity in goods or other-
i wise, per third and separate article to treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and nine,
three hundred and fifty dollars.
Molel Indians.
For eighth of ten installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for the
pay of necessary employ6s, the benefits of
which to be shared alike by all the confederated
bands, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, \
one thousand five hundred dollars. j
For eighth of ten installments for the pay
of a carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting
buildingsand making furniture forsaid Indians,
and to furnish tools in said service, per second
article treaty twenty-first December, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school,
for all necessary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, per second article
treaty twenty-first December, .eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Nisqually, Piiyallup, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians.
For thirteenth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, twelve hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for
pay of instructor, smith, physician, who shall
furnish medicine to the sick, carpenter, and
farmer, per tenth article treaty twenty-sixth
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Nez Perce Indians.
For third of five installments of second series
for benefifcial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school; keeping in
repair school buildings, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty elev-
enth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gun-
smiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow-mak-
ers' shops, and for providing necessary tools
therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming,
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow-maker, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mill, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines aud furniture therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furni-
ture therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
: For eighth of twenty installments for the
i salary of such person as the tribe may select
to be their head chief, per fifth arti< le treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-the,
five hundred dollars.
For second of four installments to enable the
Indians to remove and locate upon the reser-
vation, to be expended in plowing land and
fencing lots, as per first clause fourth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending Juno
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
forty thousand dollars.
For second of the sixteen installments for
hoarding and clothing the children who shall
attend the schools, providing the schools and
boarding-houses with necessary furniture, the
purchase of necessary wagons, teams, agricul-
tural implements, tools, aud so forth, and for
fencing of such lands as may be needed for gar-
dening and farming purposes for the schools,
as per fourth clause fourth article treaty of June
j nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, three
j thousand dollars.
| For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
For first of fifteen installments to keep the
blacksmiths' shops in repair and stocked with
the necessary tools and materials, per fifth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, five hundred dollars.
For first of fifteen installments for repairs
of houses, mills, shops, and so forth, and
providing the necessary furniture, tools, and
materials, as per article fifth treaty June ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers, as
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, seven thousand six
hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the last of ten installments of this
amount, being second of series, in money or
otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments for keeping
in repair a grist and saw mill, as per eighth
article of treaty of March sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and third article of
treaty of March sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, three hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of
one engineer and assistant, as per eighth arti-
cle of treaty of March sixtee&th, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and third article of
treaty of March sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of one
miller and assistant, as per eighth article of
treaty of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article of treaty of
March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of
farmer, as per eighth article of treaty of March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article of treaty of March sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, nine hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of
blacksmith and assistants, as per eighth article
of treaty of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article of treaty^ of
March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for support
of blacksmith-shop and supplying tools for the
same, as per eighth article of treaty of March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
