226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laics of the United States.
S' Klallams.
For second of four installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
the direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician who shall furnish medicines
for the sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-
sixth January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand six hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For the fourth of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, per eighth article treaty
of October seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and Senate amendment of March twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ten
thousand dollars. ^
For the fourth of five installments, per tenth
article of same treaty and Senate amendment
thereto, to be applied for the purposes of agri-
culture, and for the purchase of farming uten-
sils and stock animals, ten thousand dollars.
For the fourth of ten installments, per eighth
article of said treaty, for the purchase of pro-
visions, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and neces-
sary tools for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth
article of said treaty, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant, as per
same article, one thousand one hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery ot' goods,
provisions, and stock, five thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For fourteenth of twenty installments in
blankets, clothing, provisions and stock, per
third article treaty nineteenth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, five hundred and
fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapnoias, of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For third of five installments of the third
series of annuity for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for the
pay of a physician and purchase of medicines,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for the
pay of a teacher and purchase of books and
stationery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand four hundred and fifty dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For third of five installments ofsecond series,
to be expended under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per Becond article, treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary millfixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines and hospital stores, books,
and stationery for schools, and furniture for
the employes, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
pay and subsistence of one superintendent of
farming operations, one farmer^ two millers,
one blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker,
one carpenter and joiner, one physician, and
two teachers, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
pay of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-
Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum
j; of five hundred dollars per annum, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For eighth of twenty installments for salary
for the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth arti-
cle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one hundred dollars.
11 Winnebagoes.
, For interest on one million dollars, at five
! per centum, per fourth article treaty first No-
vember, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
! and joint resolution July seventeen, eighteen
| hundred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments of
interest on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five
I \ per centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
j October, eighteen hundred and forty-six, four
j thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
Wall PaTi-Pe Tribe of Snake Indians.
For breaking and fencing a sufficient quan-
tity of land for the use of said Indians, and for
seeds, farming utensils, domestic animals, and
such subsistence as may be necessary during
the first year of their residence upon their res-
ervation, per sixth article treaty of August
twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, five
thousand dollars.
For first of five installments, to be expended
under the direction of the President, as per
seventh article treaty of August twelfth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, two thousand dol-
lars.
Yahama Nation.
For third of five installments of second series
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
j eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
' dollars.
j For eighth of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
an agricultural and industrial school; keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures,
per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fiftv-five, three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmith's, tinsmith's, gun-
smith's, carpenter's, and wagon and plow mak-
er's shops, and for providing necessary tools
therefor, per fifth article treaty June ninth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
Say of a.physician, per fifth article treaty ninth
une, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employ6s, and for providing the neces-
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the said confederated
; tribes and band of Indians may select to be
I their head chief, per fifth article treaty ninth
j1 June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
| For ninth of ten installments, to be paid to
, them or expended for their benefit, commenc-
I ing with the year in which they shall remove to
and settle and reside upon their reservation,
|j per fourth article treaty nineteenth April, eight-
een hundred and fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand
1 dollars.
%
General Incidental Expenses of the Indian
Service—Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them
to locate in permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, seventy thousand dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, including travel-
ing expenses of the superintending agents,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Dakota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the' pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty
thousand dollars.
