1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
Laics of the United States.
New Mexico.
Forgeneral incidentalexpenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, fifty
thousand dollars.
Oregon and Washington Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington
Territory, including insurance and transporta-
tion of annuity goods and presents, (where no
special provision therefor is made by treaties,)
and office and traveling expenses of the super-
intendent, agents, and sub-agents, thirty-five
thousand five hundred dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary expenses
of delivery of provisions to the Indians within
the Utah superintendency, twenty thousand
dollars.
For this amount, to carry out the action con-
templated by the act of Congress, approved
May fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled "An act to vacate and sell the present
Indian reservations in Utah Territory, and to
sittle [settle] the Indians of said Territory in
Uintah valley," to be expended in removing
and settling the Indians in said valley, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for "incidental expenses of
the Indian service in Utah," for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, twelve thousand dollars.
miscellaxeous.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchasing
clothing, medicine, iron and steel, mainte-
nance of schools for Indians lately residing in
Texas, but now residing on the Choctaw lease-
hold, to be expended under direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, twenty-two thousand
eight hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For the reappropriation of the sum carried
to the surplus fund for warrant numbered one
hundred and seventy-two, dated June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, under the head
"For surveying and allotting to the proper
persons the reserved tracts, per ninth and
tenth articles treaty with Sacs and Foxes and
other tribes of Indians, July fifteenth, eight-
een hundred and thirty," one thousand two
hundred and nine dollars and ninety-seven
cents.
For this amount, being the balance due on
the award of the Secretary of the Interior to
the delegates of the Southern Cherokees for
costs and expenses incurred by them in nego-
tiating the recent treaty with the United States
and the Cherokee Indians, to be reimbursed
to the Government of the United States out
of the proceeds of the sale of the Cherokee
lands, eighteen thousand eight hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
For the WicMtas and other Affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural
implements and stock, pay of necessary em-
ploy6s, purchase of clothing, medicines, iron
and steel, and maintenance of schools, to be
Upended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, thirty-seven thousand eight
hundred dollars.
3&th Cong....2d Sess.
California.
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith,
one assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one car-
penter, upon each of the four reservations of
California, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
twelve thousand dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and
fanning tools for Indians in California, fifty-
five thousand dollars.
For additional pay of four physicians, four
blacksmiths and assistants, four carpenters,
and four farmers, on the four reservations in
California, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to purchase a saw.and grist mill
for the Round Valley reservation, five thou-
sand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of Indians in Oregon and
Washington Territory, (not parties to any
treaty.) and for pay of necessary employ6s,
fifty thousand dollars.
Navajo Indians in New Mcxico.
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and
for the purchase of sheep, seeds, agricultural
implements, and other articles necessary for
breaking the ground on the reservation upon
the Pecos river, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the relief of the Navajo Indians, now at
or near Fort Sumner, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
one hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That
no rations or supplies shall be furnished to said
Indians by the War Department after the first
day of July next, except in case of extreme
necessity, the facts of which shall be certified
to the Secretary of War by the officer com-
manding that military district.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
take charge of certain stray bands of Potta-
watomie and Winnebago Indians, in the State
of Wisconsin, five thousand dollars.
For salary of a special agent to take charge
of Winnebago and Pottowatomie Indians now
in the State of Wisconsin, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For subsistence, clothing, and general inci-
dental expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpaton,
Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota bands of
Sioux or Dakota Indians at their new homes,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For payment of interest on one million six
hundred and ninety thousand three hundred
dollars, non-paying stock, held by the Secre-
tary of the Interior in trust for various Indian
tribes, up to and including the interest payable
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
one hundred thousand one hundred and fifty-
three dollars.
For payment of interest on fifteen thousand
dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, for the Cherokee school fund, nine
hundred dollars.
For payment of interest on sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, of the Cherokee national fund,
four thousand and eighty dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary,
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, twenty thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars and sixty-two cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery to the Pawnee, Ponca,
and Yancton Sioux Indians of annuity goods
and provisions, ten thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for transporting goods purchased for the Sioux
of Dakota Indians, under treaty made at Fort
Sully in October, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, four thou-
sand nine hundred and one dollars and eighty-
two cents.
Flatheads.
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for the Flatheads and other
confederated tribes for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five"
being the fifth installment for beneficial objects
under treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
Qui-nai-elts and Qui-leh-utes.
For this amount, to supply a deficiency"in
the appropriation for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixtv°
seven, of the first of four installments on
twenty-five thousand dollars, stipulated to bo
paid the Qui-nai-elts and Qui-leh-utes, as per
fourth article treaty of July first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of
Indians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For expense of collecting and locating tho
Colorado River Indians in Arizona on a res-
ervation set apart for them by section first,
act of March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, including the expense of construct-
ing a canal for irrigating said reservation, fifty
thousand dollars.
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and
that may hereafter be incurred, by officers of
the Indian department in the rescue of prison-
ers from Indian tribes and returning them to
their homes, and for expenses incident to the
arrest and confinement within the territory of
the United States, by order of such officers,
of persons charged with crimes against the
Indians, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
moneys or annuities stipulated by any treaty
with an Indian tribe, for which appropriations
are herein made, or for which appropriations
shall hereafter be made, shall be expended for
or paid or delivered to any tribe which, since
the next preceding payment under such treaty,
shall have engaged, in hostilities against the
United States, or against its citizens peace-
fully and lawfully sojourning or traveling *
within its jurisdiction at the time of such hos-
tilities; nor in such case shall such stipulated
payments or deliveries be resumed until new
appropriations shall have been made therefor
by Congress; and it shall be the duty of the
Commissioner of Indfcn Affairs to report to
Congress, at each session, any case of hostili-
ties, by any tribe with which the United States
has treaty stipulations, which shall have occurred
since his next preceding report.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall hereafter be the duty of the officer in
charge of the Indian Bureau to report sepa- •
rately to Congress, at the commencement of
each December session, a tabular statement
showing distinctly the separate objects of ex-
penditure under his supervision, and how much
disbursed for each object, describing the arti-
cles and the quantity of each, and giving the
name of each person to whom any part was
paid, and how much paid to him, and for what
objects, so far as they relate to the disburse-
ment of the funds hereinbefore, or which shall
be hereafter, appropriated for the incidental,
contingent, or miscellaneous expenses of the
Indian service, during the fiscal year next
preceding each report.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
hereafter, whenever a vacancy shall occur in
the office of any sub-Indian agent whose sal-
ary or compensation exceeds one thousand
dollars per annum, the same shall only be
filled by some person to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, except, if such vacancy shall
occur in the recess of the Seuate, the same
may be temporarily filled by some person to be
commissioned by the Presideut, and who shall
hold his office until the end of the next session.
Sic. 5. And be it further enacted. That the
