228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong. ... 2d S^s.
Laios of the United States.
sum hereinbefore appropriated to the Miamies
of Indiana, or which shall hereafter be appro-
priated to them, shall only be paid to such
persons as may be, upon the opinion of the
Attorney General, legally entitled to the same
under the provisions of the treaty with said
Indians of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
iifty-four, and Senate amendments thereto,
regardless of any subsequent legislation.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act to amend certain
Acts in Relation to the Navy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the "Act
to establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy," approved December
twenty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
as provides that the vice admiral shall be the
ranking officer in the Navy of the United
States, shall be considered as having been
repealed by the act approved July twenty-five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, establishing
the grade of admiral, who shall be the rank-
ing officer of the Navy, and the sixth section
of the act last named is hereby so amended
that the secretary of the admiral shall be en-
titled to the rank, sea pay, and allowances of
a lieutenant in the Navy, such pay and allow-
ances to date from the acceptance of his ap-
pointment, deducting any pay already received
by him under said appointment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the "Act to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to provide for the education of
Daval constructors and steam engineers, and
for other purposes," approved July four, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, as provides that
cadet engineers, when appointed, shall be under
eighteen years of age, and shall have been em-
ployed at least two years in the actual fabrica-
tion of steam machinery, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
officers of the volunteer naval service who are,,
or may be, transferred to'the regular Navy, or
Marine corps, shall be credited with the sea
service performed by them as volunteer offi-
cers, ana shall receive all the benefits of such
duty in the same manner as if they had been
during such service in the regular Navy or
Marine corps; and all marine officers shall
be credited with the lAigth of time they may
have been employed as officers or enlisted
men in the volunteer service of the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
storekeeper at the Naval Academy shall here-
after be detailed from the paymasters' corps
■ of the Navy, and he shall have authority, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Navy, to
procure clothing and other necessaries for the
midshipmen, in the same manner as supplies
are now furnished the Navy, to be issued under
such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
fourth section of the "Act to provide a more
efficient discipline for the Navy," approved
March second, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
be, and hereby is, so amended that the author-
ity therein given to the commander of any ves-
sel in the Navy to convene summary courts-
martial, shall require the approval of the pro-
ceedings by the commander-in-chief, when
present in port, and, in his absence, that of
the senior officer present, in all cases before
carrying the sentence into execution; and in
all cases where the sentence involves loss of
pay, that part of such sentence shall be sub-
ject to the approval or disapproval of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That to
carry out the provisions of the eleventh sec-
tion of the "Act for the better government of
the Navy of the United States," approved July
seventeen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
directing the surplus income from the naval
pension fund to "be applied to the making
of further provision for the comfort of disa-
j bled officers, seamen, and marines," there
shall be paid out of said fund to every person
who, from age or infirmity, is disabled from
sea service, but who has served as an enlisted
person in the Navy or Marine corps for the
period of twenty years, and not been discharged
for misconduct, in lieu of being provided with
a home in the Naval Asylum, Philadelphia,
if he shall so elect, a sum equal to one half
the pay of his rating at the time he was dis-
charged, to be paid to him quarterly, under
the direction of the Commissioner of Pensions;
and application for such pension shall be made
to the Secretary of the Navy, who, upon being
satisfied that the applicant comes within the
provisions of this act, shall certify the same to
the Commissioner of Pensions, and said cer-
tificate shall be his warrant for making pay-
ment as herein authorized : And provided
further, That any disabled person who has
served in the Navy or Marine corps as an
! enlisted man for a period not less than ten
> years, and not been discharged for miscon-
i duct, may apply to the Secretary of the Navy
| for aid from the surplus income of the naval
| pension fund ; and the Secretary of the Navy
is authorized to convene a board of not less
than three naval officers, one of whom shall be
a surgeon, to examine into the condition of
the applicant, and to recommend a suitable
amount for his relief, and for a specified time,
and upon the approval of such recommenda-
tion by the Secretary of the Navy, and certifi-
cate thereof to the Commissioner of Pensions,
the amount shall be paid in the same manner
as is provided in this section for the payment
to persons disabled by long service. in the
Navy; but no allowance so made shall exceed
the rate of a pension for full disability corre-
sponding to the grade of the applicant, nor,
if in addition to a pension, exceed one fourth
the rate of such pension.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
commandant of the Marine corps shall have
the rank and pay of a brigadier general of the
Army.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
number of midshipmen allowed at the Naval
Academy shall be one for every Member and
Delegate of the House of Representatives, one
for the District of Columbia, ten appointed
annually at large, and ten to be selected annu-
ally from boys enlisted in the Navy, and who
have been one year in the service on board a
naval vessel, should so mafiy be found quali-
fied : Provided, however, That the reduction
in the number of midshipmen herein provided
for shall not affect any already appointed, nor
any vacancy alre[a]dy existing: And provided
further, That so much of the act of July
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
of July sixteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, as provides for the number of midship-
men that may be appointed to the Naval Acad-
emy be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That offi-
cers on the retired and reserved lists of the
Navy shall be entitled to promotion as their
several dates upon the active list are promoted ;
but such promotion shall not entitle them to
any pay beyond that to which they were enti-
tled when retired, unless upon active duty,
when they shall receive the full pay of their
respective grades: Provided, That no promo-
tion shall be made to the grade of rear admiral
upon the retired list while there shall be in
that grade the full number allowed by law.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXY.—An Act relating to Brevets
. in the Army of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United State  «f America in
Congress assembled, That the President is
hereby authorized, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to confer brevet rank on
officers in the Army of the United States, on
account of gallant^ meritorious, or faithful
conduct in the volunteer service, prior to ap-
pointment in said Army of the United States.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act to establish a Uni-
j form System of Bankruptcy throughout the
;| United States.
I j Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
!; Congress assembled, That the several district
; courts of the United States be, and theyhere-
| by are, constituted courts of bankruptcy, and
; ! they shall have original jurisdiction in their
>j respective districts in all matters and proceed-
jj ings in bankruptcy, and they are hereby au-
i! thorized to hear and adjudicate upon the same
I according to the provisions of this act. The
! said courts shall be always open for the trans-
; action of business under this act, and the pow-
j ers and jurisdiction hereby granted and con-
jl ferred shall be exercised as well in vacation as
ij in term time, and a judge sitting at chambers
shall have the same powers and jurisdiction,
including the power of keeping order and of
punishing any contempt of his authority, as
when sitting in court. And the jurisdiction
hereby conferred shall extend to all cases and
controversies arising between the bankrupt
and any creditor or creditors who shall claim
any debt or demand under the bankruptcy; to
the collection of all the assets of the bank-
rupt ; to the ascertainment and liquidation of
the liens and other specific claims thereon ; to
the adjustment of the various priorities and
conflicting interests of all parties : and to the
marshaling and disposition of the different
funds and assets, so as to secure the rights of
all parties and due distribution of the assets
among all the creditors ; and to all acts, mat-
ters, and things to be done under and in virtue
of the bankruptcy, until the final distribution
and settlement of the estate of the bankrupt,
and the close of the proceedings in bank-
ruptcy. The said courts shall have full au-
thority to compel obedience to all orders and
decrees passed by them in bankruptcy, by
process of contempt and other remedial pro-
cess, to the same extent that the circuit courts
now have in any suit pending therein in equity.
Said courts may sit, for the transaction of busi-
ness in bankruptcy, at any place in the dis-
trict, of which place and the time of holding
court they shall have given notice, as well as
at the places designated by law for holding
such courts.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
several circuit courts of the United States,
within and for the districts where the proceed-
ings in bankruptcy shall be pending, shall
have a general superintendence and jurisdic-
tion of all cases and questions arising under
this act; and, except when special provision
is otherwise made, may, upon bill, petition, or
other.proper process, of any party aggrieved,
hear and determine the case in a court of
equity. The powers and jurisdiction hereby
granted may be exercised either by said court
or by any justice thereof in term time or vaca-
tion. Said circuit courts Bhall also have con-
current jurisdiction with the district courts of
the same district of all suits at law or in
equity which may or shall be brought by the
assignee in bankruptcy against any person
claiming an adverse interest, or by such per-
son against such assignee, touching any prop-
erty or rights of property of said bankrupt
transferable to or vested in such assignee ; but
no suit at law or in equity shall in any case be
maintainable by or against such assignee, or
by or against any person claiming an adverse
interest, touching the property and rights of
property aforesaid, in any court whatsoever,
unless the same shall be brought within two
