186?.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Se«ss.
years from the time the cause of action
accrued, for or against such assignee: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall
revive a right of action barred at the time
such assignee is appointed.
Of the Administration of the Law in Courts
of Bankruptcy.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the judges of the district
courts of the United States, within and for the
several districts, to appoint in each congres-
sional district in said districts, upon the nom-
ination and recommendation of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, one or more registers in bankruptcy,
to assist the judge of the district court in the
performance of his-duties under this act. No
person shall be eligible to such appointment
unless he be a counselor of said court, or of
some one of the courts of record of the State
in which he resides. Before entering upon
the duties of his office, every person so ap-
pointed a register in bankruptcy shall give a
bond to the United States, with condition that
he will faithfully discharge the duties of his
office, in a sum not less than one thousand
dollars, to be fixed by said court, with sure-
ties satisfactory to said court, or to either of
the said justices thereof; and he shall, in open
court, take and subscribe the oath prescribed
in the act entitled '"An act to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, and also that he will not, during
his continuance in office, be, directly or indi-
rectly, interested in or benefited by the fees
or emoluments arising from any suit or mat-
ter pending in bankruptcy, in either the dis-
trict or circuit court in his district.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
every register in bankruptcy, so appointed and
qualified, shall have power, and it shall be his
duty, to make adjudication of bankruptcy, to
receive the surrender of any bankrupt, to ad-
minister oaths in all proceedings before him,
to hold and preside at meetings of creditors,
to take proof of debts, to make all computa-
tions of dividends, and all orders of distribu-
tion, and to furnish the assignee with a certi-
fied copy of such orders, and of the schedules
of creditors and a^pets filed in each case, to
audit and pass accounts of assignees, to grant
protection, to pass the last examination of any
bankrupt in cases whenever the assignee or a
creditor do not oppose, and to sit in chambers
and dispatch there such part of the administra-
tive business of the court and such uncontested
matters as shall be defined in general rules and
orders, or as the district judge shall in any par-
ticular matter direct; and he shall also make
short memoranda of his proceedings in each
case in which he shall act, in a docket to be
kept by him for that purpose, and he shall
•forthwith, as the proceedings are taken, for-
ward to the clerk of the district court a certi-
fied copy of said memoranda, which shall be
entered by said clerk in the proper minute-
book to be kept in his office, and any register
of the court may act for any other register
thereof: Provided, however, That nothing in
this section contained shall empower a register
to commit for contempt, or to hear a disputed
adjudication, or any question of the allowance
or suspension of an order of discharge; but in
all matters where an issue of fact or of law is
raised and contested by any party to the pro-
ceedings before him, it shall be his duty to
cause the question or issue to be stated by the
opposing parties in writing, and he shall ad-
journ the same into court for decision by the
judge. No register shall be of counsel or
attorney, either in or out of court, in any suit
or matter pending in bankruptcy in either the
circuit or district court of his district, nor in
an appeal therefrom; nor shall he be execu-
tor, administrator, guardian, commissioner,
appraiser, divider, or assignee of or upon any
estate within the jurisdiction of either of said
courts of bankruptcy, nor be interested in the
fees or emoluments arising from either of said
trusts. The fees of said registers, as estab-
lished by this act, and by the general rules and
orders required to be framed under it, shall be
paid to them by the parties for whom the ser-
vices may be rendered in the course of pro-
ceedings authorized by this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
judge of the district court may direct a regis-
ter to attend at any place within the district for
the purpose of hearing such voluntary applica-
tions under this act as may not be opposed, of
attending any meeting of creditors, or receiv-
ing any proof of debts, and, generally, for the
prosecution of any bankruptcy or otherproceed-
ings under this act; and the traveling and in-
cidental expenses of such register, and of any
clerk or other officer attending him, incurred
in so acting, shall be set[tled] by said court
in accordance with the rules prescribed under
the tenth section of this act, and paid out of
the assets of the estate in respect of which such
register has so acted; or if there be no such
assets, or if the assets shall be insufficient, then
such expenses shall form a part of the costs in
the case or cases in which the register shall
have acted in such journey, to be apportioned
by the judge, and such register, so acting, shall
have and exercise all powers, except the power
of commitment, vested in the district court for
the summoning and examination of persons or
witnesses, and for requiring the production
of books, papers, and documents: .Provided,
always, That all depositions of persons and
witnesses taken before said register, and all
acts done by him, shall be reduced to writing,
and be signed by him, and shall be filed in the
clerk's office as part of the proceedings. Such
register shall be subject to removal by the judge
of the district court, and all vacancies occur-
ring by such removal, or by resignation, change
of residence, death, or disability, shall be
promptly filled by other fit persons, unless
said court shall deem the continuance of the
particular office unnecessary.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any
party shall, during the proceedings before a
register, beat liberty to take the opinion of the
district judge upon any point or matter arising
in the course of such proceedings, or upon the
result of such proceedings, which shall be stated
by the register in the shape of a short certificate
to the judge, who shall sign the same if he
approve thereof; and such certificate, so signed,
shall be binding on all the parties to the pro-
ceeding; but every such certificate may be dis-
charged or varied by the judge at chambers or
in open court. In any bankruptcy, or in any
other proceedings within the jurisdiction of the
court, under this act, the parties concerned, or
submitting to such jurisdiction, may at any
stage of the proceedings, by consent, state any
question or questions in a special case for the
opinion of the court, and the judgment of the
court shall be final unless it be agreed and
stated in such special case that either party may
appeal, if, in such case, an appeal is allowed
by this act. The parties may also, if they think
fit, agree, that upon the question or questions
raised by such special case beingfinally decided,
a sum of money, fixed by the parties, or to be
ascertained by the court, or in such manner as
the court may direct, or any property, or the
amount of any disputed debt or claim, shall be
paid, delivered, or transferred by one of such
parties to the other of them either with or with-
out costs.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
parties and witnesses summoned before a reg-
ister shall be bound to attend in pursuance of
such summons at the place and time designated
therein, and shall be entitled to protection, and
be liable to process of contempt in like manner
as parties and witnesses are now liable thereto
in case of default in attendance under any writ
of subpoena, and all persons willfully ana cor-
ruptly swearing or affirming falsely before a
register shall be liable to all the penalties,
punishments, and consequences of perjury. If
any person examined before a register shall
refuse or decline to answer, or to swear to or
sign his examination when taken, the register
shall refer the matter to the judge, who shall
have power to order the person so acting to pay
the costs thereby occasioned, if such person be
compellable by law to answer such question or
to sign such examination, and such person shall
also be liable to be punished for contempt.
Of Appeals and Practice.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That ap-
peals may be taken from the district to the cir-
cuit courts in all cases in equity, and writs of
error may be allowed to said circuit courts from
said district courts in cases at law under the
jurisdiction created by this act, when the debt
or damages claimed amount to more than five
hundred dollars, and any supposed creditor,
whose claim is wholly or in part rejected, or an
assignee who is dissatisfied with the allowance
of a claim may appeal from the decision of the
district court to the circuit court from the same
district; but no appeal shall be allowed in any
case from the district to the circuit court unless
it is claimed, and notice given thereof to the
clerk of the district court, to be entered with
the record of the proceedings, and also to the
assignee or creditor, as the case may be, or to
the defeated party in equity, within ten days
after the entry of the decree or decision appealed
from. The appeal shall be entered at the term
of the circuit court which shall be first held
within and for the district next after the expira-
tion of ten days from the time of claiming the
same. But if the appellant in writing waives
his appeal before any decision thereon, pro-
ceedings may be had in the district court as if
no appeal had been taken; and no appeal shall
be allowed unless the appellant at the time of
claiming the same shall give bond in man[ner]
now required by law in cases of such appeals.
No writ of error shall be allowed unless the
party claiming it shall comply with the statutes
regulating the granting of such writs.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in
cases arising under this act no appeal or writ
of error shall be allowed in any case from the
circuit courts to the Supreme Court of the
United States, unless the matter in dispute in
such case shall exceed two thousand dollars.
Sec. 10. And be it f urther enacted, That the
justices" of the Supreme Court of the United
States, subject to the provisions of this act, shall
frame general orders for the following purposes:
For regulating the practice and procedure
of the district courts in bankruptcy, and the
several forms of petitions, orders, and other
proceedings to be used in said courts in all
matters under this act;
For regulating the duties of the various offi-
cers of said courts;
For regulating the fees payable and the
charges and costs to be allowed, except such
as are established by this act or by law, with
respect to all proceedings in bankruptcy before
said courts, not exceeding the rate of fees now
'allowed by law for similar services in other
proceedings;
For regulating the practice and procedure
upon appeals;
For regulating the filing, custody, and inspec-
tion of records;
And generally for carrying the provisions of
this act into effect.
After such general orders shall have been so
framed, they or any of them may be rescinded
or varied, and other general orders may be
framed in manner aforesaid; and all such gen-
eral orders so framed shall from time to time
be reported to Congress, with such suggestions
as said justices may think proper.
Voluntary Bankruptcy—Commencement of
Proceedings.
Sic. 11. And be it further enacted, That if
