1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
the record of such assignment, or a duly certi-
fied copy thereof, shall be evidence thereof in
all courts.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
the assignee shall demand and receive, from
any and all persons holding the same, all the
estate assigned, or intended to be assigned,
under the provisions of this act; and he shall
sell all such unencumbered estate, real and
personal, which comes to his hands, on such
terms as he thinks most for the interest of the
creditors ; but upon petition of any person in-
terested, and for cause shown, the court may
make such order concerning the time, place,
and manner of sale as will, in its opinion,
prove to the interest of the creditors; and the
assignee shall keep a regular account of all
money received by him as assignee, to which
every creditor shall, at reasonable times, have
free resort-.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
assignee shall have the like remedy to recover
all said estate, debts, and effects in his own
name, as the debtor might have had if the
decree in bankruptcy had not been rendered
and no assignment had been made. If, at the
time of the commencement of proceedings in
bankruptcy, an action is pending in the name
of the debtor for the recovery of a debt or
other thing which might or ought to pass to
the assignee by the assignment, the assignee
shall, if he requires it, be admitted to prose-
cute the action in his own name, in like man-
ner and with like effect as if it had been origin-
ally commenced by him. No suit pending in
the name of the assignee shall be abated by
his death or removal; but upon the motion of
the surviving or remaining or new assignee, as
the case may be, he shall be admitted to prose-
cute the suit in like manner and with like effect
as if it had been originally commenced by him.
In suits prosecuted by the assignee a certified
copy of the assignment made to him by the
judge or register shall be conclusive evidence
of his authority to sue.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
assignee shall, as soon as may be after receiv-
ing any money belonging to the estate, deposit
the same in some bank in his name as assignee,
or otherwise keep it distinct and apart from all
other money in his possession ; and shall, as
far as practicable, keep all goods and effects
belonging to the estate separate and apart from
all other goods in his possession, or designated
by appropriate marks, so that they may be
easily and clearly distinguished, and may not
be exposed or liable to be taken as his prop-
erty or for the payment of his debts. When
it appears that the distribution of the estate
may be delayed by litigation or other cause,
the court may direct the temporary investment
of the money belonging to such estate in secur-
ities to be approved by the judge or a register
of said court, or may authorize the same to be
deposited in any convenient bank upon such
interest, not exceeding the legal rate, as the
bank may contract with the assignee to pay
thereon. He shall give written notice to all
known creditors, by mail or otherwise, of all
dividends, and such notice of meetings, after
the first, as may be ordered by the court. He
shall be allowed, and may retain out of money
in his hands, all the necessary disbursements
made by him in the discharge of his duty, and
a reasonable compensation for his services, in
the discretion of the court. He may, under
the direction of the court, submit any contro-
versy arising in the settlement of demands
against the estate, or of debts due to it, to the
determination of arbitrators, to be chosen by
him and the other party to the controversy,
and may, under such direction, compound and
settle any such controversy, by agreement with
the other party, as he thinks proper and most
for the interest of the creditors.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the
court, after due notice and hearing, may re-
move an assignee for any cause which, in the
judgment of the court, renders such removal
necessary or expedient. At a meeting called
by order of the court in its discretion for the
purpose, or which shall be called upon the
application of a majority of the creditors in
number and value, the creditors may, with
consent of [the] court, remove any assignee
by such a vote as is hereinbefore provided for
the choice of assignee. An assignee may, with
the consent of the judge, resign his trust and
be discharged therefrom. Vacancies caused
! by death or otherwise in the office of assignee
may be filled by appointment of the court, or
at its discretion by an election by the creditors,
in the manner hereinbefore provided, at a reg-
ular meeting, or at a meeting called for the
purpose, with such notice thereof in writing to
all known creditors, and by such person as the
] court shall direct. The resignation or removal
i of an assignee shall in no way release him from
i performing all things requisite on his part for
| the proper closing up of his trust and the trans-
mission thereof to his successors, nor shall it
affect the liability of the principal or surety on
the bond given by the assignee. When, by
death or otherwise, the number of assignees is
reduced, the estate of the debtor not lawfully
disposed of shall vest in the remaining assignee
or assignees, and the persons selected to fill
vacancies, if any, with the same powers and
duties relative thereto as if they were originally
chosen. Any former assignee, his executors
or administrators, upon request, and at the
expense of the estate, shall make and execute
to the new assignee all deeds, conveyances,
and assurances, and do all other lawful acts
requisite to enable him to recover and receive
all the estate. And the court may make all
orders which it may deem expedient to secure
the proper fulfillment of the duties of any
former assignee, and the rights and interests
of all persons interested in the estate. No per-
son who has received any preference contrary
to the provisions of this act shall vote for or
be eligible as assignee; but no title to property,
real or personal, sold, transferred, or conveyed
by an assignee, shall be affected or impaired
by reason of his ineligibility. An assignee
refusing or unreasonably neglecting to execute
an instrument when lawfully required by the
court, or disobeying a lawful order or decree
of the court in the premises, may be punished
as for a contempt of court.
Of Debts and Proof of Claims.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That all
debts due and payable from the bankrupt at
the time of the adjudication of bankruptcy,
and all debts then existing but not payable
until a future day, a rebate of interest being
made when no interest is payable by the terms
of the contract, may be proved against the
estate of the bankrupt. All demands against
the bankrupt for or on account of any goods
or chattels wrongfully taken, converted, or
withheld by him may be proved and allowed
as debts to the amount of the value of the
property so taken or withheld, with interest.
If the bankrupt shall be bound as drawer, in-
dorser, surety, bail, or guarantor upon any
bill, bond, no'te, or ally other specialty or con-
tract, or for any debt of another person, and
his liability shall not have become absolute
until after the adjudication of bankruptcy, the
creditor may prove the same after such liabil-
ity shall have become fixed, and before the
final dividend shall have been declared. In
all cases of contingent debts and contingent
liabilities contracted by the bankrupt, and not
herein otherwise provided for, the creditor
may make claim therefor, and have his claim
allowed, with the right to share in the divi-
dends, if the contingency shall happen before
the order for the final dividend; or he may at
any time apply to the court to have the present
value of the debt or liability ascertained^ and
liquidated, which shall then be done in such
manner as the court shall order, and he shall
be allowed to prove for the amount so ascer-
tained. Any person liable as bail, surety,
guarantor, or otherwise for the bankrupt, who
shall have paid the debt, or any part thereof,
in discharge of the whole, shall be entitled to
prove such debt or to stand in the place of the
creditor if he shall have proved the same, al-
though such payments shall have been made
after the proceedings in bankruptcy were com-
menced. And any person so liable for the
bankrupt, and who has not paid the whole of
said debt, but is still liable for the same or any
part thereof, may, if the creditor shall fail or
omit to prove such debt, prove the same either
in the name of the creditor or otherwise, as
may be provided by the rules, and subject to
such regulations and limitations as may be
established by such rules. "Where the bank-
rupt is liable to pay rent or other debt falling
due at fixed and stated periods, the creditor
may prove for a proportionate part thereof up
to the time of the bankrdptcv, as if the same
grew due from day to dayj and not at such
fixed and stated periods. If any bankrupt
shall be liable for unliquidated damages arising
out of any contract or promise, or on account
of any goods or chattels wrongfully taken, con-
verted, or withheld, the court may cause such
damages to be assessed in such mode as it may
deem best, and the sum so assessed may be
proved against the estate. No debts other
than those above specified shall be proved or
allowed against the estate.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That, in
all cases of mutual debts or mutual credits be-
tween the parties, the account between them
shall be stated, and one debt set off against the
other, and the balance only shall be allowed or
paid, but no set-off shall be allowed of a claim
in its nature not provable against the estate:
Provided, That no set-off shall be allowed in
favor of any debtor to the bankrupt of a claim
purchased by or transferred to him after the
filing of the petition. When a creditor has a
mortgage or pledge of real or personal prop-
erty of the bankrupt, or a lien thereon for
securing the payment of a debt owing to him
from the bankrupt, he shall be admitted as a
creditor only for the balance of the debt after
deducting the value of such propecty, to ba
ascertained by agreement between him and the
assignee, or by a sale thereof, to be made in
such manner as the court shall direct; or the
creditor may release or convey his claim to the
assignee upon such property, and be admitted
to prove his whole debt. If the value of the
property exceeds the sum for which it is so
held as security, the assignee may release ta
the creditor the bankrupt's right of redemption
therein on receiving such excess ; or he may
sell the property, subject to the claim of the
creditor thereon ; and in either case the as-
signee and creditor, respectively, shall execute
all deeds and writings necessary or proper to
consummate the transaction. If the property
is not so sold or released and delivered up the
creditor shall not be allowed to prove any part
of his debt.
Sec. 21. And be it farther enacted, That no
creditor proving his debt or claim shall be
allowed to maintain any suit at law or in equity
therefor against the bankrupt, but shall be
deemed to have waived all right of action and
suit against the bankrupt, and all proceedings
already commenced, or unsatisfied judgments
already obtained thereon, shall be deemed to be
discharged and surrendered thereby; and no
creditor whose debt is provable under this act
shall be allowed to prosecute to final judgment
any suit at law or in equity therefor against the
bankrupt until the question of the debtor's dis-
charge shall have been determined; and any
such suit or proceedings shall, upon the appli-
cation of the bankrupt, be stayed to await the
determination of the court in bankruptcy on the
question of the discharge, provided there be no
unreasonable delay on the part of the bankrupt
in endeavoring to obtain his discharge, and
