1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
rupt's property and estate pro rata, -without
any priority or preference whatever, except
that wages due from him to any operative, or
clerk, or house servant, to an amount not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars, for labor performed within
six mouths next preceding the adjudication of
bankruptcy, shall be entitled to priority, and
shall be first paid in full: Provided, That any
debt proVted by any person liable, as bail,
surety, guarantor, or otherwise, for the bank-
rupt, shall not be paid to the person so prov-
ing the same until satisfactory evidence shall ;
be produced of the payment of such debt by 1
such person so liable, and the share to which
such debt would be entitled may be paid into ,
court, or otherwise held for the benefit of the
party entitled thereto, as the court may direct.
At the expiration of three months from the
date of the adjudication of bankruptcy in any
case, or as much earlier as the court may
direct, the court, upon request of the assignee,
shall call a general meeting of the creditors,
of which due notice shall be given, and the
assignee shall then report, and exhibit to the
court and to the creditors just and true ac-
counts of all his receipts and payments, veri-
fied by his oath, and he shall also produce and
file vouchers for all payments for which vouch-
ers shall be required by arry rule of the court;
he shall also submit the schedule of the bank-
rupt's creditors and property as amended, duly
verified by the. bankrupt, and a statement of
the whole estate of the bankrupt as then ascer-
tained, of the property recovered and of the
property outstanding, specifying the cause of
its being outstanding, also what debts or claims
are yet undetermined, and stating what sum
remains in his hands. At such meeting the
majority in value of the creditors present shall
determine whether any and what part of the
net proceeds of the estate, after deducting and
retaining a sum sufficient to provide for all
undetermined claims which, by reason of the
distant residence of the creditor, or for other
sufficient reason, have not been proved, and
for other expenses and contingencies, shall be
divided among the creditors; but unless at
least one half in value of the creditors shall
attend such meeting, either in person or by
attorney, it shall be the duty of the assignee
so to determine. In case a dividend is or-
dered, the register shall, within ten days after
such meeting, prepare a list of creditors en-
titled to dividend, and shall calculate and set
opposite to the name of each creditor who has
proved his claim the dividend to which he is
entitled out of the net proceeds of the estate
set apart for dividend, and shall forward by
mail to every creditor a statement of the divi-
dend to which he is entitled, and such creditor
shall be paid by the assignee in such manner
as the court may direct.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That the
like proceedings shall be had at the expiration
of the next three months, or earlier, if practi-
cable, and a third meeting of creditors shall
then be called by the court, and a final divi-
dend then declared, unless any-action at law
or suit in equity be pending, or unless some
other estate or effects of the debtor afterwards
come to the hands of the assignee, in which
case the assignee shall, as soon as may be,
convert such estate or effects into money, and
within two months after the same shall be so
converted the same shall be divided in manner
aforesaid. Further dividends shall be made
in like manner as often as occasion requires ;
and after the third meeting of creditors no
further meeting shall be called, unless ordered
by the court. If at any time there shall be in
the hands of the assignee any outstanding debts
or other property, due or belonging to the
estate, which cannot be collected and received
by the assignee without unreasonable or incon-
venient delay or expense, the assignee may,
under the direction of the court, sell and assign
such debts or other property in such manner
ag the court shall order. No dividend already
declared shall be disturbed by reason of debts
being subsequently proved, but the creditors
proving such debts shall be entitled to a divi-
dend equal to those already received by the
other creditors before any further payment is
made to the latter. Preparatory to the final
dividend, the assignee shall submithis account
to the court and file the same, and give notice
to the creditors of such filing, and shall also
give notice that he will apply for a settlement
of his account, and for a discharge from all
liability as assignee, at a time to be specified
in such notice, and at such time the court shall
audit and pass the accounts of the assignee,
and such assignee shall, if required by the j
court, be examined as to the truth of such
S account, and if found correct he shall thereby |
be discharged from all liability as assignee to
| any creditor of the bankrupt. The court shall
thereupon order a dividend of the estate and i
' effects, or of such part thereof as it sees fit,
among such of the creditors as have proved
: their claims, in proportion to the respective j
amount of their said debts. In addition to all
expenses necessarily incurred by him in the
execution of his trust, in any case, the assignee |
shall be entitled to an allowance for his ser- i
vices in such case on all moneys received and (
paid out by him therein, for any sum not ex-
ceeding one thousand dollars, five per centum
thereon ; for any larger sum, not exceeding
five thousand dollars, two and a half per
centnm on the excess over one thousand dol-
lars ; and for any larger sum, one per centnm
on the excess over five thousand dollars, and
if, at any time, there shall not be in his hands
a sufficient amount of money to defray the
necessary expenses required for the further
execution of his trust, he shall not be obliged
to proceed therein until the necessary funds
are advanced or satisfactorily secured to him.
If by accident, mistake, or other cause, with-
out fault of the assignee, either or both of the
said second and third meetings should not be
held within the times limited, the court may,
upon motion of an interested party, order such
meetings, with like effect as to the validity of
the proceedings as if the meeting had been
duly held. In the order for a dividend, under
this section, the following claims shall be enti-
tled to priority or preference, and to be first
paid in full in the following order:
First. The fees, costs, and expenses of suits,
and the several proceedings in bankruptcy
under this act, and for the custody of property,
as herein provided.
Second. All debts due to the United States,
and all taxes and assessments under the laws
thereof. • ....
Third. All debts due to the State m which
the proceedings in bankruptcy are pending,
and all taxes and assessments made under the
laws of such State.
. Fourth. Wages due to any operative, clerk,
or house servant, to an amount not exceeding
fifty dollars, for labor performed within si*
months next preceding the first publication of
the notice of proceedings in bankruptcy.
Fifth. All debts due to any persons who, by
the laws of the United States, are or may be
entitled to a priority or preference, in like
manner as if this act had not been passed.
Always provided, That nothing contained m
this act shall interfere with the assessment and
collection of taxes by the authority of the Uni-
ted States or any State.
Of the Bankrupt1 s Discharge and its Effect.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted,. That at
any time after the expiration of six months
from the adjudication of bankruptcy, or if no
debts have been proved against the bankrupt,
or if no assets have come to the hands of the
assignee, at any time after the expiration oi
sixty days, and within one year from the adju-
dication of bankruptcy, the bankrupt may
apply to the court for a discharge from his
debts, and the court shall thereupon order
notice to be given by mail to all creditors who
have proved their debts, and by publication at
least once a week in such newspapers as the
court shall designate, due regard being had to
the general circulation of the same in the dis-
trict, or in that portion of the district, in which
the bankrupt and his creditors shall reside, to
appear on a day appointed for that purpose,
and show cause why a discharge should not be
granted to the bankrupt. No discharge shall
be granted, or, if granted, be valid, if the
bankrupt has willfully sworn falsely in his affi-
davit annexed to his petition, schedule, or
inventory, or upon any examination in the
course of the proceedings in bankruptcy, in
relation to any material fact concerning his
estate or his debts, or to any other material
fact; or if he has concealed any part of his
estate or effects, or any books or writings
relating thereto, or if he has been guilty of any
fraud or negligence in the care, custody, or
delivery to the assignee of the property be-
longing to him at the time of the presentation
of his petition and inventory, excepting such
property as he is permitted to retain under the
provisions of this act, or if he has caused, per-
mitted, or suffered any loss, waste, or destruc-
tion thereof; or if, within four months before
the commencement of such proceedings, he has
procured his lands, goods, money, or chattels
to be attached, sequestered, or seized on exe-
cution ; or if, since the passage of this act, he
has destroyed, mutilated, altered, or falsified
any of his books, documents, papers, writings,
or securities, or has made or been privy to the
making of any false or fraudulent entry in any
book of account or other document, with intent
to defraud his creditors; or has removed or
caused to be removed any part of his property
from the district, with intent to defraud his
creditors; or if he has given any fraudulent
preference contrary to the provisions of this
act, or made any fraudulent payment, gift,
transfer, conveyance, or assignment of any part
of his property, or has lost any part thereof in
gaming, or has admitted a false or fictitious
debt against his estate; or if, having knowledge
that any person has proved such false or ficti-
tious debt, he has not disclosed the same to his
assignee within one month after such knowl-
edge ; or if, being a merchant or tradesman,
he has not, subsequently to the passage of this
act, kept proper books of account; or if he,
or any person in his behalf, has procured the
assent of any creditor to the discharge, or
influenced the action of any creditor at any
stage of the proceedings, by any pecuniary
consideration or obligation; or if he has, in
contemplation of becoming bankrupt, made
any pledge, payment, transfer, assignment, or
conveyance of any part of his property, directly
or indirectly, absolutely or conditionally, for
the purpose of preferring any creditor or per-
son having a "claim against him, or who is or
b© undor liability for him, or for the pur*
pose of preventing the property from coming
into the hands of the assignee, or of being dis-
tributed under this act in satisfaction of his
debts; or if he has been convicted of any mis-
demeanor under this act, or has been guilty of
any fraud whatever contrary to the true intent
of this act; and before any discharge is granted,
the bankrupt shall take and subscribe an oath
to the effect that he has not done, suffered, or
been privy to any act, matter, or thing speci-
fied in this act as a ground for withholding such
discharge, or as invalidating such discharge if
granted. , D
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, l hat no
person who shall have been diacharged'under
thisact, and shall afterwarfsbecome bankrupt,
on his own application shall be again entitled
to a discharge whose estate is insufficient to
pay seventy per centum of the debts proved
against it, unles3 the assent in writing of three
fourths in value of his creditors who have
proved their claims is filed at or before the
time of application for discharge; but a bank-
