1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
poration or joint stock company, or to any
person or officer or member thereof: Provided.
That whenever any corporation by proceedings
umler this act shall be declared hankrupt, all ■
its property anil assets shall be distributed to
the creditors of such corporations in the man-
ner provided in this act in respect to natural
persons.
Of Dates and Depositions.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That the
filing of a petition for adjudication in bank-
ruptcy, either by a debtor in his own behalf,
or by any creditor against a debtor; upon
which an order may be issued by the court, or
bv a register in the manner provided in section
four, shall be deemed and taken to be the com-
mencement of proceedings in bankruptcy under
this act: the proceedings in all cases of bank-
ruptcy shall be deemed matters of record, but
the same shall not be required to be recorded
at large, but shall be carefully filed, kept, and
numbered in the office of the clerk of the court,
ami a docket only, or short memorandum
thereof, kept in books to be provided for that
purpose, which shall be open to public inspec-
tion. Copies of such records, duly certified
under the seal of the court, shall in all cases
be prima facie evidence of the facts therein
stated. Evidence or examination in any of
the proceedings under this act may be taken
before the court, or a register in bankruptcy,
viva voce or in writing, before a commissioner
of the circuit court, or by affidavit, or on com- !
mission, and the court may direct a reference j
to a register in bankruptcy, or other suitable
person, to take and certify such examination,
and may compel the attendance of witnesses, ,
the production of books and papers, and the j
giving of testimony in the same manner as in j
suits iu equity in the circuit court. j
Involuntary Bankruptcy. j
Sec. 39. Andbeit further enacted, That any j
person residing and owing debts as aforesaid,
who, after the passage of this act, shall depart
from the State, district, or Territory of which
he is an inhabitant, with intent to defraud his
creditors, or, being absent, shall, with such
intent, remain absent; or shall conceal himself
to avoid the service of legal process in any
action for the recovery of a debt or demand
provable under this act; or shall conceal or
remove any of his property to avoid its being
attached, taken, or sequestered on legal pro-
cess : or shall make any assignment, gift, sale,
conveyance, or transfer of his estate, pfoperty,
rights^ or credits, either within the United
States or elsewhere, with intent to delay, de-
fraud, or hinder his creditors ; or who has been
arrested and held in custody under or by virtue
of mesne process of execution, issued out of
any court of any State, district, or Territory,
within which f.uch debtor resides or has prop-
erty founded upon a demand in its nature prov-
able against a bankrupt's estate under this act,
and for a sum exceeding one hundred dollars,
and such process is remaining in force and not
discharged by payment, or in any other manner
provided by the iaw of such State, district, or
J erritory applicable thereto, for a period of
seven days; or has been actually imprisoned
for more than seven days in a civil action,
founded on contract, for the sum of one hun-
dred dollars or upward ; or who, being bank-
rupt or insolvent, or in contemplation of bank-
ruptcy or insolvency, shall make any payment,
gift, grant, sale, conveyance, or transfer of
money or other property, estate, rights, or
credits, or give any warrant to confess judg-
ment; or procure or suffer his property to be
taken on legal process, with intent to give a
preference to one or more of his creditors, or
to any person or persons who are or may be
liable for him as indorsers, bail, sureties, or
otherwise, or with the intent, by such disposi-
tion of his property, to defeat or delay the
operation of this act; or who, being a banker,
merchant, or trader, has fraudulently stopped
or suspended and not resumed payment of his
commercial paper, within a period of fourteen
days, shall be deemed to have committed an
act of bankruptcy, and, subject to the condi-
tions hereinafter prescribed, shall be adjudged
a bankrupt, on the petition of one or more of
his creditors, the aggregate of whose debts
provable under this act amount to at least two
hundred and fifty dollars, provided such peti-
tion is brought within six months after the act
of bankruptcy shall have been committed. And
if such person shall be adjudged a bankrupt,
the assignee may recover back the money or
other property so paid, conveyed,sold, assigned,
or transferred contrary to this act, provided the
person receiving such payment or conveyance
had reasonable cause to believe that a fraud on
this act was intended, or that the debtor was
insolvent, and such creditor shallnotbe allowed
to prove his debt in bankruptcy.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That
upon the filing of the petition authorized by
the next preceding section, if it shall appear
that sufficient grounds exist therefor, the court
shall direct the entry of an order requiring the !
debtor to appear and show cause, at a court of
bankruptcy to be holden at a time to be speci- .
fied in the order, not less than five days from
the service thereof, why the prayer of the
petition should not be granted ; and may also,
by its injunctions, restrain the debtor, and any
other person, in the mean time, from making
any transfer or disposition of any part of the
debtor's property not excepted by this act from |
the operation thereof and from any interference !
i therewith; and if it shall appear that there is I
1 probable cause for believing that the debtor is 1
about to leave the district, or to remove or j
conceal his goods and chattels or his evidence j
of property, or make any fraudulent conveyance ,
or disposition thereof, the court may issue a j
warrant to the marshal of the district, com- j
manding him to arrest the alleged [bankrupt] :
and him safely keep, unless he shall give bail
to the satisfaction of the court for his appear-
ance from time to time, as required by the
court, until the decision of the court upon the
: petition or the further order of the court, and
forthwith to take possession provisionally of
\ all the property and effects of the debtor, and
safely keep the same until the further order of
the court. A copy of the petition and of such
order to show cause shall be served on such
debtor by delivering the same to him person-
ally, or leaving the same at his last or usual
place of abode; or, if such debtor cannot be
found, or his place of residence ascertained,
service shall be made by publication in such
manner as the judge may direct. No further
proceedings, unless the debtor appearand con-
sent thereto, shall be had until proof shall have
been given, to the satisfaction of the court, of
such service or publication; and if such proof
be not given on the return day of such order,
the proceedings shall be adjourned and an order
made that the notice be forthwith so served or
published.
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, lhat on
such return day or adjourned day, if the notice
has been duly served or published, or shall be
waived by the appearance and consent of the
debtor, the court shall proceed summarily to
hear the allegations of the petitioner and
debtor, and may adjourn the proceedings from
time to time, on good cause shown, and shall,
if the debtor on the same day so demand in
writing, order a trial by jury at the first term
of the court at which a jury shall be in attend-
ance, to ascertain the fact of such alleged bank-
ruptcy; and if upon such hearing or trial, the
debtor proves to the satisfaction of the court
or of the jury, as the case may be, that the
facts set forth in the petition are not true, or
that the debtor has paid and satisfied all liens
upon his property, incase the existence ot such
liens were the sole ground of the proceeding,
the proceedings shall be dismissed and the
respondent shall recover costs.
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That if
the facts set forth in the petition are found to
be true, or if default be made by the debtor to,
appear pursuant to the order, upon due proof
of service thereof being made, the court shall
adjudge the debtor to be a bankrupt, and, as
such, subject to the provisions of this act, and
shall forthwith issue a warrant to take posses-
sion of the estate of the debtor. The warrant
shall be directed, and the property of the debtor
shall be taken thereon, and shall be assigned
and distributed in the same manner and with
similar proceedings to those hereinbefore pro-
vided for the taking possession, assignment,
and distribution of the property of the debtor
upon his own petition. The order of adjudica-
tion of bankruptcy shall require the bankrupt
forthwith, or within such number of days, not
exceeding five after the date of the order or
notice thereof, as shall by the order be pre-
scribed, to make and deliver, or transmit by
mail, post-paid, to the messenger, a schedule
of the creditors and an inventory of his estate
in the form and verified in the manner required
of a petitioning debtor by section thirteen. If
the debtor has failed to appear in person, or
by attorney, a certified copy of the adjudica-
tion shall be forthwith served on him by deliv-
ery or publication in the manner hereinbefore
provided for the service of the order to show
cause; and if the bankrupt is absent or cannot
be found, such schedule and inventory shall
be prepared by the messenger and the assignee
from the best, information they can obtain. If
; the petitioning creditor shall not appear and
proceed Qn the return day, or adjourned day,
the court may, upon the petition of any other
! creditor, to the required amount, proceed to
j adjudicate on such petition, without requiring
i a new service or publication of notice to the
! debtor.
Of Superseding the Bankrupt Proceedings by
Arrangement.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That if
at the first meeting of creditors, or at any
meeting of creditors to be specially called for
that purpose, and of which previous notice
shall have been given for such length of time
and in such manner as the court may direct,
three fourths in value of the creditors whose
claims have been proved shall determine and
resolve that it is for the interest of the gen-
eral body of the creditors that the estate of
the bankrupt should be wound up and set-
tled, and distribution made among the cred-
itors by trustees, under the inspection and
direction of a committee of the creditors, it
shall be lawful for the creditors to certify and
report such resolution to the court, and to
nominate one or more trustees to take and
hold and distribute the estate, under the di-
rection of such committee. If it shall appear
to the court, after hearing the bankrupt and
sueh creditors as may desire to be heard, that
the resolution was duly passed, and that the
interests of the creditors will be promoted
thereby, it shall confirm the same; and upon
the execution and filing, by or on behalf of
three fourths in value of all the creditors
whose claims have been proved, of a consent
that the estate of the bankrupt be vtound up
and settled by said trustees according to the
terms of such resolution, the bankrupt, or his
assignee in bankruptcyi it appointed, as the
case may be, shall, under the direction of the
court, and under oath, convey, transfer, and
deliver all the property and estate of the bank-
rupt to the said trustee or trustees, who shall,
upon such conveyance and transfer, have and
hold the same in the same manner, and with
the same powers and rights, in all respects, as
the bankrupt would have had or held the same
if no proceedings in bankruptcy had been
taken, or as the assignee in bankruptcy wou d
have done had sueh resolution not been passed;
and such consent and the proceedings there-
under shall be as binding iu all respects on
