1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
pied as a town site, and therefore not subject
to entry under the agricultural preemption
laws, it shall be lawful, in case such town shall
be incorporated, for the corporate authorities
thereof, and if not incorporated for the judge ]
of the county court for the county in which
such town may be situated, to enter at the
proper land office, and at the minimum price,
the land so settled and occupied, in trust for
the several use and benefit of the occupants
thereof, according to their respective inter-
ests: the execution of which trust, as to the
disposal of the lots in such town, and the pro-
ceeds of the sales thereof, to be conducted
under such rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the legislative authority of the
State or Territory in which the same may be
situated: Provided, That the entry of the land
intended by this act to be made shall be made,
or a declaratory statement of the purpose of
the inhabitants to enter it as a town site under
this act shall be filed with the register of the
proper land office, prior to the commencement
of the public sale of the body of land in which
it is included, and that the entry or declaratory
statement shall include only such lands as is
actually occupied by the town and the title to
which is in the United States. If upon sur-
veyed lands the entry shall in its exterior limit
be made in conformity to the legal subdivisions
of the public lands authorized by the act of
twenty-fourth April, one thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty; and where the inhabitants
are in number one hundred and less than two
hundred, shall embrace not exceeding three
hundred and twenty acres; and in cases where
the inhabitants of such town are more than two
hundred and less than one thousand, shall
embrace not exceeding six hundred and forty
acres; and where the number of inhabitants is
one thousand and over one thousand, shall
embrace not exceeding twelve hundred and
eighty acres: Provided, That for each addi-
tional one thousand inhabitants, not exceed-
ing five thousand in all, a further grant of
three hundred and twenty acres shall be al-
lowed : And provided further, That in any Ter'
ritory in which a land office may not have been
established, declaratory statements as herein-
before provided may be filed with the surveyor
general of the surveying district in which the
lands are situate, who shall transmit said
declaratory statement to the General Land
Office: And provided further, That any act
of said trustees not made in conformity to the
rules and regulations herein alluded to shall
be void; effect to be given to the foregoing
provisions according to such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior: And provided further, That the pro-
visions of this act shall not apply to military
or other reservations heretofore made by the
United States, nor to reservations for light-
houses, custom-houses, mints, or such other
public purposes as the interests of the United
States may require, whether held under reser-
vations through the land office by title derived
from the Crown of Spain, or otherwise: And
provided further, That no title shall be ac-
quired under the provisions of this act to any
mine of gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper.
Approved, March 2,1867.
Chap. CLXXVIIL—An Act allowing the Du-
ties on Foreign Merchandise imported into
the Port of Albany to be secured and paid at
that place.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Albany, in the State
'of New York, and within the collection district
of New York, be, and is hereby, declared to
be a port of delivery within the aforesaid dis-
trict, and there shall be appointed a surveyor
of customs, to reside at said port, who shall, in
addition to the customary duties performed by
that officer in other places, perform the duties
prescribed in an aet entitled "An act allowing
the foreign merchandise imported into Pitts-
burg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, Saint
Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to be secured
and paid at those places," approved March two,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one. The said
surveyor, before taking the oath of office, shall
give security to the United States for the faith-
ful performance of his duties in the sum of ten
thousand dollars, and shall receive, in addition
to the customary fees and emoluments of his
office, an annual salary of six hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
same privileges granted to the ports of delivery
mentioned in the first section of this act, and
the restrictions created by the said act, are
hereby extended and made applicable to all
goods, wares, and merchandise imported into
the United States at any port of entry and
destined to said port of Albany.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to extend the privileges of
the warehouse acts of August six, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, and March twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and the regu-
lations of the Treasury Departmeut^relating
thereto, to the said port of Albany.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act to create the Office
of Surveyor General in the Territory of Mon-
tana, and establish a Land Office in the
Territories of Montana and Arizona.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President, by the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint a surveyor
general for Montana, whose annual salary shall
be three thousand dollars, and whose power,
authority, and duties shall be the same as those
provided by law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. He shall have proper allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, what is now
allowed by law to the surveyor general of
Oregon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
public lands within the Territories of Montana
and Arizona, to which the Indian title is or
shall be extinguished, shall each respectively
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Montana district and the Arizona district re-
spectively, and the President is hereby author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a register and receiver
of public moneys for each of said districts re-
spectively, who shall be required to reside at
the places at which said offices shall be located,
and they shall have the same powers, perform
the same duties, and be entitled to the same
compensation as are or may be prescribed by
law in relation to land offices of the United
States in other Territories.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to locate said offices of surveyor general and
registers and receivers of public moneys.
Sec. 4. And be it further, enacted, That the
Territory of Arizona is hereby attached to the
surveying district of California.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act supplementary to
the several Acts of Congress abolishing Im-
prisonment for Debt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentaiives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever, upon
mesne process or execution issuing out pf any
of the courts of the United States, any defend-
ant therein is arrested or imprisoned, he shall
be entitled to discharge from such arrest or
imprisonment in the same manner as if he was
"so arrested or imprisoned on like process of
the State courts in the same district. And the
same oath may be taken, and the same length
of notice thereof shall be required, as is pro-
vided by such State laws ; and all modifica-
tions, conditions, and restrictions upon impris-
onment for debt, now existing by the laws of
any State, shall be applicable to process issuing
out of the courts of the United States therein,
and the same course of proceedings shall be
adopted as now are or may be in the courts of
such States. But all such proceedings shall
be had before some one of the commissioners
appointed by the United States circuit court to
take bail and affidavits.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXI.—An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to transfer the United
States iron-clad "Onondaga," to George
Quintard, of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to deliver to George Quintard, of New
York, for his own use and behoof, the United
States iron-clad Onondaga, upon payment by
said Quintard, his heirs and assigns, to the
Treasury of the United States, the sum of seven
hundred and fifty-nine thousand six hundred
and seventy-three dollars.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act to authorize the
Establishment of Ocean Mail Steamship Ser-
vice between the United States and the
Hawaiian Islands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to invite
proposals, by public advertisement, for the
period of sixty days, in one or more newspapers
published in the cities of Washington, New
York, Boston, and San Francisco, respectively,
for mail steamship service between the port of
San Francisco, in the United States, and the
port of Honolulu, in the Hawaiian islands, by
means of a monthly line of first-class American
sea-going steamships, to be of not less than
one thousand tons, Government measurement,
each, andof sufficient numberto perform twelve
round trips per annum, between said ports;
and to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder for said service, for a term of not more
than ten years, to begin from the day the first
steamship of the said line shall depart from
the port of San Francisco with the mails for
the Hawaiian islands: Provided, That no bids
shall be considered which shall amount to
more than seventy-five thousand dollars for the
twelve round trips per annum, nor unless the
same be from a citizen or citizens of the United
States, and accompanied by an offer of good
and sufficient sureties (also citizens of the Uni-
ted States) for the faithful performance of such
contract: And provided further, That before
the acceptance of the said steamships by the
Postmaster General, for the said service, they
shall be subject to inspection any [and] sur-
vey by an experienced naval constructor, to be
detailed for that purpose by the Secretary of
the Navy, whose report shall be made to the
Postmaster General.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
contract which the Postmaster General may
execute under the authority of this act shall
go into effect on or before the first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
shall, in addition to the nsual stipulations of
ocean mail steamship contracts, provide that
the Government of the United States shall be
entitled to have transported, free of expense,
on each and every steamer, a mail agent to
take charge of and arrange the mail matter, to
whom suitable accommodations for that pur-
pose shall be assigned: that in case of failure,
