242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
59th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That suits
at law or in equity may be maintained by said
corporation against any of its stockholders for
the collection of any assessment on their stock
or for any other cause relating to the business
of said corporation, and may be prosecuted
and maintained by any member or stockholder
against said corporation for losses or damages
insured against, if payment is withheld more
than* three months after the losses are duly
proved, and notified to the company, agreeably
to the conditions of the policy.
Si:c. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
president, secretary, and treasurer of the com-
pany, and such other stockholders as may be
added by the board, shall constitute an execu-
tive committee, and, when the boardof directors
are not in session, may exercise all the powers
vested in the company, (except as shall be
otherwise provided by the board of directors
in the by-laws of the company,) a majority of
whom may constitute a quorum to do business.
See. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of the company shall not be less
than one hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
nor more than one million dollars, in shares
of fifty dollars each, which first-named amount
of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars shall
be paid in previous to effecting insurances.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
directors shall have power to declare such
dividends of the profits of the company as they
shall deem proper: Provided, That no dividend
shall be declared when, in the opinion of the
directors or a majority thereof, the capital stock
would be impaired thereby.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
company shall be located at the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, and may
establish agencies elsewhere in the United
States, subject to the laws of the several States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the president or vice presi-
dent and secretary of said company annually,
on or before the first day of February, to pre-
pare, under oath, and deposit in the office of
the Secretary of the Interior, a detailed report
of their transactions for the preceding year,
and also cause to be published, in some daily
uewspaper published in the District of Colum-
bia, for at least ten days, a statement exhibiting
the total amount of profits received and the
total amount of losses paid and ascertained,
including expenses during the year; also, the
amount of debts owing by said company, at
the date of the statement, and the amount of
claims against the company for losses; also, a
statement ol the funds of the company and the
gross amount of outstanding risks thereon,
together with the amount of stock subscribed
and the amount actually paid in.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
Congress may at any time alter, amend, or
revoke the said incorporation.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXCIII.—An act to Define and Punish
certain Crimes therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any person shall
rob another of any kind or description of per-
sonal property belonging to the United States,
or shall feloniously take and carry away the
same, the person so offending shall, on con-
viction, be punished by fine not exceeding five
thousand dollars, or by imprisonment at hard
labor, not less than one, nor more than ten
years, or by both, at the discretion of the court.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act to provide Ways and
Meaus for the payment of Compound-Inter-
est Notes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
i redeeming and retiring any compound-interest
I notes outstanding the Secretary of the Trcas-
I ury is hereby authorized and directed to issue
, temporary loan certificates in the manner pre-
scribed by section four of the act entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes
and for the redemption or funding thereof, and
for funding the floating debt of the United
States," approved February twenty-fifth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, bearing interest at
a rate not exceeding three per centum per
annum, principal and interest payable in law-
ful money on demand; and said certificates of
temporary loan may constitute and be held, by
any national bank holding or owning the same,
as a part of the reserve provided for in sec-
tions thirty-one and thirty-two of the act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a. pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four: Provided, That not
less than two fifths of the entire reserve of
such bank shall consist of lawful money of the
United States: And provided further, That
the amount of such temporary certificates at
any time outstanding shall not exceed fifty
millions of dollars.
Approved, March 2,18C7.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act to pay and discharge
certain Debts and Expenditures to the Cor-
poration of the City of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to the
proper authorities of the city of Washington,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of thirty-one thou-
sand nine hundred and seventy-one dollars and
thirty-four cents, in full for all claims which
the city of Washington now has against the
United States on account of moneys expended
in improving the streets, avenues, alleys, pub-
lic grounds, in the city of Washington, or for
repairing any of the bridges crossing the Poto-
mac river, prior to May fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four: Provided, That before
paying the sum aforesaid the mayor of the city
of Washington shall present to the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings an account embrac-
ing. each item of charge which said city has
against the United States for expenditures
herein referred to, which account the said
Commissioner shall certify to be correct and
just: Provided further, That no money shall
be paid under this act until after a full exam-
ination of all the items by the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, and proof under
oath that the work was done at fair and rea-
sonable prices: And provided further, That
before any money shall be paid under this act
the city of Washington shall file with the Treas-
urer of the United States a receipt to the effect
that the city has received the amount to be
paid by virtue of this act in full of all claims
against the Government for the grading, pav-
ing, and constructing sew-ers in the streets
of said city to the date of May twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Ciiap. CXCYI.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act for the removal of Causes
in certain Cases from State Courts," ap-
proved July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts," approved July twenty-
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, amended as follows: that
where a suit is now pending, or may hereafter
be brought, in any State court, in which there
is controversy between a citizen of the State in
which the suit is brought and a citizen of an-
other State, and the matter in dispute exceeds
the sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive of
\ costs, such citizen of another State, whether
he be plaintiff or defendant, if he will make
and file, in such State court, an affidavit stat-
ing that he has reason to and does believe
that, from prejudice or local influence, he will
not be able to obtain justice in such State
court, may, at any time before the final hear-
ing or trial of the suit, file a petition in such
State court for the removal of the suit into the
next circuit court of the United States to be
held in the district where the suit is pending,
and offer good and sufficient surety for his
entering in such court, on the first day of its
session, copies of all process, pleadings, depo-
sitions, testimony, and other proceedings in
said suit, and doing such other appropriate
acts as, by the act to which this act is amend-
atory, are required to be done upon the re-
moval of a suit into the United States court;
and it shall be, thereupon, the duty of the
State court to accept the surety and proceed
no further in the suit; and the said copies
being entered as aforesaid in such court of the
United States, the suit shall there proceed in
the same manner as if it had been brought
there by original process; and all the provis-
ions of the act to which this act is amendatory
respecting any bail, attachment, injunction, or
other restraining process, and respecting any
bond of indemnity, or other obligation given
upon the issuing or granting of any attachment,
injunction, or other restraining proqess, shall
apply with like force and effect in all respects
to similar matters, process, or things in the
suits for the removal of which this act provides.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act to provide Increased
Revenue from Imported Wool, and for other
purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act, in lieu of the duties now
imposed by law on the articles mentioned and
embraced in this section, there shall be levied,
collected, f\nd paid on all unmanufactured wool,
hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like animals,
imported from foreign countries, the duties
hereinafter provided. . All wools, hair of the
alpaca, goat, and other like animals, as afore-
said, shall be divided, for the purpose of fixing
the duties to be charged thereon, into three
classes, to wit:
Class 1.—Clothing Wool.
That is to say, merino, mestiza, metz, or
metis wools, or other wools of merino blood,
immediate or remote; down clothing wools, ana
wools of like character with any of the preced-
ing, including such as have been heretofore
usually imported into the United States from
Buenos Ay res, New Zealand, Australia, Cape
of Good Hope, Russia, Great Britain, Canada,
and elsewhere, and also including all wools not
hereinafter described or designated in classes
two and three.
Class 2.—Combing Wools.
That is to say, Leicester, Cotswold, Lincoln-
shire, down combing wools, or other like comb-
ing wools of English blood, and usually known
by the terms herein used; and also all hair of
the alpaca, goat, ami other like animals.
Class 3.—Carpet Wools, and other similar
Wools.
Such as Donskoi, native South American,
Cordova, Valparaiso, native Smyrna, and in-
cluding all such wools of like character as have
been heretofore usually imported into the Uni-
ted States from Turkey, Greece, Egypt, Syria,
and elsewhere.
For the purpose of carrying into effect the
classification herein provided, a sufficient nam-
