1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
Laws of the Un ited States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
ber of distinctive samples of the various kinds
of wool or hair embraced in each of the three
classes above named, selected and prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and duly verified by him, (the stand-
ard samples being retained in the Treasury De-
partment,) shall be deposited in the custom-
houses and elsewhere, as he may direct, which
samples shall be used by the proper officers of
the customs to determine the classes above spe- |
cified, to which all imported wools belong. And- i
upon wools of the first class, the value whereof
at the last port or place whence exported to the ,
United States, excluding charges in such port, !
shall be thirty-two cents or less per pound, the |
duty shall be ten cents per pound, and, in ad- j
dition thereto, eleven per centum ad valorem; i
upon wools of the same class, the value whereof j
at the last port or place whence exported to the
United States, excluding charges in such port,
shall exceed thirty-two cents per pound, the
duty shall be twelve cents per pound, and, in ,
addition thereto, ten per centum ad valorem.
Upon wools of the second class, and upon all
hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like animals,
the value whereof at the last port or place
whence exported to the United States, exclud-
ing charges in such port, shall be thirty-two
cents or less per pound, the duty shall be ten
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, eleven '
per centum ad valorem ; upon woolsof the same j
class, the value whereof at the last port or_place |
whence exported to the United States, exclud-
ing charges in such port, shall exceed thirty-
two cents per pound, the duty shall be twelve
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, ten
per centum ad valorem. Upon wools of the
third class, the value whereof at the last port j
or place whence exported into the United
States, excluding charges in such port, shall
be tjvelve cents or less per pound, the duty
shall be three cents per pound; upon wools of
the same class, the value whereof at the last
port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding charges in such port, shall
exceed twelve cents per pound, the duty shall
be six cents per pound: Provided, That any
wool of the sheep, or hair of the alpaca, goat,
and other like animals, which shall be im-
ported in any other than the ordinary condi-
tion as now and heretofore practiced, or which
shall be changed in its character or condition,
for the purpose of evading the duty, or which
shall be reduced in value by the admixture of
dirt, or any other foreign substance, shall be
subject to pay twice the amount of duty to
which it would be otherwise subjected, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstand-
ing: Provided further, That when wool of dif-
ferent qualities is imported in the same bale,
bag, or package, it shall be appraised by the
appraiser, to determine the rate of duty to
which it shall be subjected, at the average
aggregate value of the contents of the bale,
bag, or package; and when bales of different
qualities are -embraced in the same invoice at
the same prices whereby the average price shall
be reduced more than ten per centum below
the value of the bale of the best quality, the
value of the whole shall be appraised accord-
ing to the value of the bale of the best quality;
and no bale, bag, or package shall be liable to
a less rate of duty in consequence of being
invoiced with wool of lower value: And pro-
vided further, That the duty upon wool of the
first class which shall be imported washed shall
be twice the amount of duty to which it would
be subjected if imported unwashed, and that
the duty upon wool of all glasses which shall
be imported scoured shall be three times the
amount of the duty to which it would be sub-
jected if imported unwashed. On sheep skins
and Angora goat skins, raw orunmanufactured,
imported with the wool on, washed or unwashed,
the duty shall be thirty per centum ad valorem;
and on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, waste,
and flocks, the duty shall be twelve cents per
pound.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on
the articles hereinafter mentioned, and on such
as may now be exempt from duty, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on the goods,
wares, and merchandise, herein enumerated
and provided for, imported from foreign coun-
tries, the following duties and rates of duty,
that is to say:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all
manufactures of wool of every description made
wholly or in part of wool, not herein otherwise
provided for, fifty cents per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On flannels, blankets, hats of wool, knit
goods, balmorals, woolen and worsted yarns,
and all manufactures of every description com-
posed wholly or in part of worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, or other like animals, except
such as are composed in part of wool, not
otherwise provided for, valued at not exceeding
forty cents per pound, twenty cents per pound ;
valued at above forty cents per pound and not
exceeding sixty cents per pound, thirty cents
per pound ; valued at above sixty cents per
pound and not exceeding eighty cents per
pound, forty cents per pound ; valued at above
eighty cents per pound, fifty cents per pound;
and, in addition thereto, upon all the above-
named articles, thirty-five per centum ad valo-
rem.
On endless belts or felts for paper or printing
machines, twenty cents per pound and thirty-
five per centum ad valorem.
On bunting, twenty cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per centum
ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods and
real or imitation Italian cloths, composed
wholly or in part of wool, worsted, the hair of
the alpaca, goat, or other like animals, valued
at not exceeding twenty cents per square yard,
six cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per centum ad valorem ;
valued at above twenty cents the square yard,
eight cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, forty per centum ad Talorein: Pro-
vided, That on all goods weighing four ounces
and over per square yard, the duty shall be
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On clothing ready made, and wearing ap-
parel of every description, and balmoral skirts
and skirting, and goods of similar description,
or used for like purposes, composed wholly or
in part of wool, worsted, the hair of the alpaca,
goat, or other like animals, made up or manu-
factured wholly or in part by the tailor, seam-
stress, or manufacturer, except knit goods,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
forty per centum ad valorem.
On webbings, beltings, bindings, braids, gal-
loons, fringes, gimps, cords, cords and tassels,
dress trimmings, head-nets, buttons or barrel
buttons, or buttons of other forms for tassels
or ornaments, wrought by hand or braided by
machinery, made of wool, worsted, or mohair,
or of which wool, worsted, or mohair is a com-
ponent material, unmixed with silk, fifty cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty per
centum ad valorem.
On Aubusson and Axminster carpets, and
carpets woven whole for rooms, fifty per centum
ad valorem; on Saxony, Wilton, and lournay
velvet carpets, wrought by the Jacquard ma-
chine, seventy cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem ; on Brussels carpets wrought by the
Jacqilard machine, forty-four cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
centum ad valorem; on patent velvet and
tapestry velvet carpets, printed on the warp or
otherwise, forty cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem ; on tapestry Brussels carpets printed
on the warp or otherwise, twenty-eight cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-lve per centum ad valorem: on treble
ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain Venetian
carpets, seventeen cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem ; on yarn Venetian and two-ply ingrain
carpets, twelve cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem; on druggets and backings, printed,
colored, or otherwise, twenty-five cents per
; square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per centum ad valorem; on hemp or jute
carpeting, eight cents per square yard; on car-
pets and carpetings of wool, flax, or cotton,
or parts of either, or other material not other-
wise herein specified, forty per centum ad
valorem : Provided, That mats, rugs, screens;
j covers, hassocks, bedsides, and other portions
of carpets or carpeting shall be subjected to
the rate of duty herein imposed on carpets or
carpeting of like character or description, and
that the duty on all other mats, (not exclusively
of vegetable material,) screens, hassocks, and
rugs, shall be forty-five per centum ad valorem.
On oil cloths for floors, stamped, painted,
or printed, valued at fifty cents or less per
square yard, thirty-five per centum ad valorem ;
valued at over fifty cents per square yard, and
on all other oil cloth, (except silk oil cloth,)
and on water-proof cloth, not otherwise pro-
vided for, forty-five per centum ad valorem ;
on oil silk cloth, sixty per centum ad valorem.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution to appoint two
Managers for the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill certain
Vacancies.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amcrica in
Congress assembled, That Erastus B. Wolcott,
of the State of Wisconsin, be, and he hereby
is, appointed a manager of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill tho
vacancy occasioned by the death of George H.
Walker, of the third class of said managers,
for the term which expires on the twenty-first
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight;
and that John S. Cavender, of the State of
Missouri, be, and he is hereby, appointed a
manager of said corporation, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of P. Joseph
Osterliaus, of the second class of said mana-
gers, for the term which expires on the twenty-
first day of April, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty.
Approved, December 7, 1866.
No. 3.—A Resolution to provide for the Ex-
hibition of the Cereal Productions of the
United States at the Paris Exposition in
April next.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Agriculture be, and he is hereby, instructed
to collect and prepare, as far as practicable,
and with as little "delay as possible, suitable
specimens of the cereal productions of the sev-
eral States of the Union, for exhibition at the
Paris Exposition, and forward the same in
proper order and condition for shipment to J.
C. Derby, agent of the United States Govern-
ment for the Paris Exposition at New York :
Provided, That it shall require no further
appropriation from the public Treasury.
Approved, January 11, 1867.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution authorizing certain
Medals to be distributed to honorably dis-
charged Soldiers free of Postage.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the adjutant general
of the State of West Virginia is hereby author*
ized to distribute through the mails, free of
