244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
postage, to the honorably discharged soldiers
of West Virginia, and to the relatives and
friends of those who were killed or died of
wounds or disease while in service, certain
medals furnished by the Legislature of that
State, and in such case the envelope inclosing
the same shall be franked by such adjutant
general in the mode prescribed by the Post-
master General.
Approved, January 14, 1867.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to procure a Site for
a Building to accommodate the Post Office
and U. S. Courts in New York City.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor and post-
master of the city of New York, the district
attorney of the United States at New York
city, the president of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York, and Jackson
S. Shultz, Charles H. Russell, Charles H.
Rogers, and Moses Taylor, of New York city,
be appointed a commission to purchase the
site for a building to accommodate the post
office and United States courts in the city of
New \ork, in accordance with their report
submitted to the Secretary of the Interior and
the Postmaster General, and by them approved,
viz: the lower portion of the City Hall Park,
containing land equal to twenty-six city lots,
(or over sixty-six thousand square feet,) and
that they be authorized to purchase the same
for the sum of five hundred thousand dollars :
Provided, That the title to said property shall
be approved by the Attorney General of the
United States, subject to the condition that
the Government of the United States shall
stipulate that it shall be used for public pur-
poses only; and that said commission procure
plans and estimates for a suitable building
upon said site, to be submitted to the Post-
master General and Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and should such plans and estimates
meet their approval they shall communicate
the same, with such additional suggestions as
they may think proper, to Congress; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to pay such sum of money as may be necessary
to carry the foregoing resolution into effect
from any money in the Treasury hereafter to
be appropriated.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
No. 6.—A Resolution appropriating Money to
defray the Expenses of the Joint Select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
Resolved by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars, or as much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, outof any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to defray the ex-
penses of the " Joint Committee on Retrench-
ment," and that sum shall be drawn from the
Treasury, upon the order of the Secretary of
the Senate, as the same shall be required ; and
any portion of the amount hereby appropriated,
that shall be allowed by the said joint com-
mittee to witnesses attending before it, or per-
sons employed in its service, for per diem,
traveling, or other necessary expenses, and
paid by the Secretary of the Senate, in pursu-
ance ot the orders of said joint committee, shall
be accordingly credited and allowed by the
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to transfer certain Property to
the National Asylum for Disabled Volun-
teers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, not having
obtained title to land at Point Lookout, in
Maryland, as contemplated in the twelfth sec-
tion of the act approved March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, establishing
that institution, the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized, at his discretion, to transfer to the
said National Asylum any of the property of
the United States still remaining at Point
Lookout, which may be considered appropriate
and useful for the objects of that corporation.
Approved, January 29, 1867.
No. 8. —A Resolution to provide for the Removal
of the Wreck of the Steamship Scotland.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause the removal of the wreck of the iron
steamship Scotland, now on the bar outside of
Sandy Hook, near tlie entrance to the harbor
of New York, and the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to complete said removal, is
hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. The Secretary of War shall, after
notice given in one or more newspapers in the
cities of Philadelphia, New York, and Boston,
receive sealed proposals for the removal of
said wreck, and make contract for the same
with the lowest bidder therefor. Said contract
will in no case exceed in amount the sum
herein appropriated.
Approved, January 29, 1867.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution to amend existing
Laws relating to Internal Revenue.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That alcohol made or
manufactured of distilled spirits upou which
the taxes imposed by law shall have been paid,
and burning fluid made or manufactured from
alcohol or spirits of turpentine, or camphene
upon which the taxes imposed by law shall have
been paid, shall be, and hereby are, exempt
from tax; and so much of section ninety-six of
the act of June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, as relates to alcohol and burning
fluid is hereby repealed, and all products of
distillation, by whatever name known, which
contain distilled spirits or alcohol on which the
tax imposed by law has not been paid, shall be
considered and taxed as distilled spirits.
Sec. 2. And be it further e nacted, [resolved, ]
That paragraph nineteen of section seventy-
nine of the act of June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, as amended by the act of
July thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxation
and to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay the interest on the public debt, and for other
Eurposes,' approved June thirtieth, eighteen
undred and sixty-four, and acts amendatory
thereof," be, and the same is hereby, amended
by striking out the words "and distillers of
burning fluid and camphene."
Approved, February 5, 1867.
No. 12.—A Resolution providing for the Pay-
ment of certain Kentucky Militia Forces.
Resolved by the Senate-and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, directed to cause to be
investigated the claims of the forces called out
under the command of James S. Fish, in May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and to pay the
said forces at the same rates for actual service
rendered, while absent from their homes, as
was allowed by law to other volunteer forces
in the military service at the date specified;
and in estimating the amount due said militia
forces, the officers thereof shall be paid as of
the grade to which the number of men would
have been entitled under the mustering regu-
lations of the Army in force at the date speci-
fied. And no allowance shall be made for any
troops which did not perform actual military
service in full connection and cooperation with
the authorities of the United States and subject
to their order.
Approved, February 8, 1867.
No. 14.—A Resolution to provide, in certain
cases, for the Removal of Alcohol from
Bonded Warehouses free from Internal Tax.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
grant permits to curators of incorporated or
chartered scientific institutions to withdraw
alcohol in specified quantities from bond with-
out payment of the internal revenue tax on the
same, or on the spirits from which the alcohol
has been distilled for the sole and exclusive
purpose of preserving specimens of anatomy,
physiology, or of natural history belonging to
said institutions: Provided, That the said cura-
tors, on applying for such permit, shall file a
bond for double the amount of the tax on the
alcohol to be withdrawn, with two good and
sufficient sureties, who shall not be officers of
the institution making application ; said bond
and sureties to be approved by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and conditioned
that the whole quantity of alcohol so withdrawn
from bond shall be used for the purpose above
specified and for no other, and that the cura-
tors shall comply with such other requirements
and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe. And if any alcohol so
obtained snail be used by any curator or other
officer of said institution for any purpose other
than that above specified, then the said cura-
tors, officers, or sureties, shall pay the tax on
the whole amount of alcohol withdrawn from
bond, together with a like amount as a penalty
in addition thereto.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
No. 15.—A Resolution in Relation to Ocean
Mail Service between San Francisco, in Cal-
ifornia, and Portland, in Oregon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to em-
ploy ocean mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon, not less
than three times per month, in continuation of
the service from New York, via'Panama, to San
Francisco : Provided, That the cost of said
service shall not exceed twenty-five^thousand
dollars per annum. And it is hereby made the
duty of the Postmaster General, after the pas-
sage of this resolution, to advertise for bids for
the performance of the service herein provided
for, for at least thirty days in at least one news-
paper published at San Francisco and one paper
published at Portland, Oregon, and to contract
therefor with the lowest responsible bidder.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution in Relation to the
Pensions of WTidows of Revolutionary Sol-
diers.
Be it resolvedbythe Senate and House ofRep-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the pensions of
widows of revolutionary soldiers whose names
are now upon the pension-rolls, and who
were married to revolutionary soldiers prior to
January first, eighteen hundred, be, and the
same are hereby, increased to and shall be
paid at the same rate as the deceased soldiers
would be entitled tinder existing laws, if now
living; such increase and payment to be made
