1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
Laws of the United States.
from the thirtieth day of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
No. 17.—Joint Resolution for the Purchase of
David's Island, New York Harbor.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and .he is hereby, authorized and directed
to purchase, for the Government of the United
States, David's Island, in Long Island sound,
at the sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred
dollars, in accordance with the terms and con-
ditions of the lease of Simeon Leland, dated
April thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and renewed March thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, by which the said
island was leased to the United States, and
is now occupied by the same.
Approved, February 18, 18G7.
No. 21.—Joint Resolution to extend the Time
for Codifying the Laws relating to Customs,
authorized by the Joint Resolution approved
July twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
joint resolution to provide for codifying the
laws relating to customs, approved July twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
they are hereby, continued in force until the
first day of January, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Approved, February 22,1867.
No. 22.—Joint Resolution for the Restoration
of Jjientenant Commander S. L. Breese, U.
S. Kavy, to the Active List from the Retired
List.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate to appoint, Lieutenant Commander S. L.
Breese to the active list of the Navy, with the
rank to which he may be entitled thereon.
Approved, February 22,1867.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Em-
ployment of a Public Vessel for the Trans-
portation of Provisions to the People of the
Southern States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stotes of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and is hereby, authorized and directed,
upon the application of the contributors, to
assign a public vessel for the transportation to
Charleston, Savannah, and Mobile, of any sup-
plies of food and clothing that may be contrib-
uted by the people of the United States, for the
use of any portion of the people of the south-
ern States who may be suffering from the fail-
ure of crops or other causes, under such regu-
lations as may, by the Secretary of the Navy,
be prescribed
Approved, February 22,1867.
No. 26.—A Resolution to extend Aid and
Facilities to Citizens of the United States
engaged in the Survey of a Route for a Ship-
Canal across the Isthmus of Darien.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized and requested to furnish
such aid and facilities to citizens of the United
States, who are undertaking an exploration and
survey of the Isthmus of Darien for the purpose
?>9tii Cong....2d Sess.
of discovering a favorable line for a ship-canal
to connect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as
'L<) furnish without prejudice to
the naval service, and without additional ex-
pense to the Government of the United States.
Approved, February 25,1867.
No. 27.—A Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to permit the Owner-of
the Yacht "Mayflower" to change the name
of the same to that of " Silvie," and to issue
an American Register to the Steam-Yacht
"Glance."
Whereas the yacht "Mayflower" is a pleas-
ure-boat not enengaged in the transportation
of passengers or freight of any kind; and
whereas the steam-yacht "Glance," of about
thirteen tons burden, being also a pleasure-
yacht not engaged- in carrying passengers or
freight; Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Lnited States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
permit the owner of the yacht "Mayflower"
to change the name of the same to that of
"Silvie;" and to order a register of the steam-
yacht "Glance" to be granted to William Lev-
ering, jr., the owner thereof, from the collec-
tion district of Buffalo, in the State of New
York.
Approved, February 25,1867.
No. 28.—A Resolution to provide for the
Ascertainment and Apportionment of the
proper Quota of the Direct Tax of eighteen
hundred and sixty-one to the State of West
Virginia, and for other purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in ascertaining the
quota of the State of West Virginia or the
direct tax imposed by the act of August fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized and directed to
charge the said State with such proportion of
the said tax apportioned to the State of Vir-
ginia as the value of the real estate of the
counties now composing the State of West
Virginia, including Berkeley and Jefferson,
"bears to the value of all the real estate of the
then State of Virginia, as ascertained by the
assessment for State taxation of the real estate
of the said State of Virginia in the year eight-
een hundred and sixty, giving credit to the
State of West Virginia for such part of its
proportion so ascertained as has been already
paid.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
State of West Virginia is hereby made liable
to all the duties in relation to said direct tax
which are imposed by law upon, and is enti-
tled to all the privileges in the same relation
which are by law allowed to other loyal States: ^Public Buildings, to the photographer and
Pv TV, r  f via ItakilUir n* VinitAnn A nolcit nnf *\ r  /" + (M fo r-1 ri Qr Nf Ihfl Troooimr Fin.
Provided, That no liability or burden whatso-
ever is hereby imposed or shall be imposed by
said State, arising in any way out of said tax,
upon lands included within the present limits
of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, or
upon the inhabitants as such, for the time
being, within said limits, except upon terms
accepted by a majority vote of legal voters res-
ident within said limits.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
board of direct tax commissioners for the
State of Virginia shall have and continue to
have the same authority to assess and collect
the before-mentioned direct tax in the coun-
ties of Berkeley and Jefferson as if those
counties still formed a part of the State of
Virginia.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
to refund to persons from whom money has
been received without warrant of law, as in
payment of dues under the direct tax laws,
the sums so illegally collected; such refund-
ing to be ordered on the presentation in each
case of satisfactory evidence of the illegal col-
lection.
Sec. t>. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to suspend the further collection
within the State of West Virginia of any part
of the direct tax imposed by the act of August
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, until the
first day of June next, unless the claims of
the said State against the United States are
sooner adjusted. ,
Sec. 6. And be it further resolved, That
section two of an act entitled "An act further
to amend an act entitled 'An act for the col-
lection of direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States within the United States, and for other
purposes,'approved June seven, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed, and certificates of
sale shall be received in all courts and places
as prima facie evidence of the regularity and
validity of said sale and of the title of pur-
chaser or purchasers under the same, as pro-
vided in section seven of an act entitled "An
act for the collection of direct taxes in insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,
andforother purposes," approved June seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
No. 30.—Joint Resolution giving Additional
Compensation to certain Employ6s in the
Civil Service of the Government at Wash-
ington.
Beit resolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be allowed
and paid, out of any money in the Treasury
nofc otherwise appropriated, to the following-
described persons now employed in the civil
service of the United States at Washington, as
follows: to civil officers, temporary and all
other clerks, messengers, and watchmen, in-
cluding enlisted men detailed as such, to be
computed upon the gross amount of the com-
pensation received by them, and employes,
male and female, in the Executive Mansion,
and in any of the following named Depart-
ments, or any bureau or division thereof, to
wit: State, Treasury, War, Navy, Interior,
Post Office, Attorney General, Agricultural,
and including civil officers, and temporary and
all other clerks and employes, male and female,
in the offices of the Coast Survey, Naval Ob-
servatory, navy-yard, arsenal, Paymaster Gen-
eral, including the division of referred claims,
Commissary General of Prisoners, Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
quartermasters, Capitol and Treasury exten-
sion, city post office, and Commissioner of
assistant photographer t>f the Treasury De-
partment, to the superintendent of meters,
and to lamplighters under the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, an additional compensa-
tion of twenty per centum on their respective
salaries as fixed by law, or, where no salary ia
fixed by law, upon their pay respectively, for
one year from and after the the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six; but
when any of said persons is or shall be only
entitled to receive salary or pay for a part of
said year the said twenty per centum shall be
computed on the amount such person is so
entitled to receive for services in any or all of
said Departments or offices within said year:
Provided, That the above-named additional
compensation to the emp!ov6s of the Patent
Office shall be paid out of the funds of said
office: Provided further, That this resolution
shall not apply to persons whose salaries a-*
fixed by law exceed three thousand five hun-
dred dollars per annum.
