246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That all
acts or parts of acts heretofore passed author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to appor-
tion or distribute among the clerks of his
Department any sum of money by way of
additional pay or compensation are hereby
repealed.
Approved, February 28,1867.
No. 31.—Joint resolution to extend the Pro-
visions of the Act in regard to Agricultural
Colleges to the State of Tennessee.
Beit resolvedbytheJSenate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act of July two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," and of the "Act to
amend the fifth section thereof," approved July
twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
are hereby extended and made applicable to
the State of Tennessee.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
No. 32.—Joint Resolution to extend the Time
for the Use of certain Vessels for Quaran-
tine Purposes at the Port of New York.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the authority con-
ferred by joint resolution of March twenty-
fourth, eighteen hnndred and sixty-six, upon
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy respectively, to place, in their discre-
tion, gratuitously, at the disposal of the com-
missioners of quarantine, or the proper author-
ities of any of the ports of the United States,
to be used by them temporarily for quarantine
purposes, such vessels or hulks belonging to
the United States as are not required for other
uses, be continued for two years after the pas-
sage of this joint resolution.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
sixty," approved May twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty, for the payment of the
late Indian agents in Utah, and an act entitled
"An act to authorize a change of appropria-
tions for the payment of necessary expendi-
tures in the service of the United States for
Indian affairs," approved February twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, March 1, 1807.
No. 33.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to grant the Use of Guns
for Trial of Ridgway's Battery.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he hereby is, authorized to grant
the use of two eleven-inch Dahlgren guns to
John Ridgway, of Boston, for use in experi-
mental trials of Ridgway's patent revolving
battery.
Approved, February 28, 18C7.
No. 42.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to pay certain
Claims out of the Balance of an Appropri-
ation for the Payment of Necessary Expend-
itures in the Service of the United States
for Indian Affairs in the Territory of Utah.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and is hereby, authorized to
pay to Henry Standish, Dimick B. Hunting-
ton, Harrison Severe, and Buchanan and Com-
pany, the gums which may be found due them
on the settlement of their accounts with the
United States, for Indian affairs in Utah Ter-
ritory, not to exceed the sums, respectively,
of one hundred and ninety-three dollars and
fitly cents, one hundred and seventy-four dol-
lars and seventy-five cents, and of eighteen
hundred and ninety-three dollars and sixty-six
cents, seven hundred and two dollars, which
shall be paid out of any of the unexpended
balance of the appropriation made by the act
entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
No. 44.—A Resolution for Printing Additional
Copies of the Appendix to the Diplomatic
Correspondence of eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
number of copies of papers relating to foreign
affairs now authorized by law, there shall be
printed for distribution by the Department of
State, on fine paper, with wide margin, a suffi-
cient number of copies of the Appendix to the
Diplomatic Correspondence of eighteen hun-
dred and sixty five, to supply one copy to each
Senator and each Representative of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and to each foreign Govern-
ment, and one copy to each corporation, asso-
ciation, or public body whose expressions of
condolence or sympathy are published in said
volume; one hundred of these copies to be
bound in full Turkey morocco, full gilt, and
the remaining copies to be bound in half Tur-
key morocco, marble edged.
Approved, March 2, 1807.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution for the Erection of
an Equestrian Statue to the memory of Bre-
vet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott.
Be itresolvcd by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed to con-
tract with Henry K. Brown, esq., of New-
burgh. New York, at a price not exceeding
twenty thousand dollars, for an equestrian
statue, in bronze, of Brevet Lieutenant General
Winfield Scott, to be made of the guns cap-
tured in Mexico, and to be placed on Franklin
square, in the city of Washington, or such
other place in the said city as the Secretary ofl
War may designate.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No* 4G.—Joint Resolution prohibiting Pay-
ment by any Officer of the Government to
any Person not known to have been opposed
to the Rebellion and in favor of its Suppres-
sion.
Be it resolved by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That until otherwise or-
dered it shall be unlawfulTor any officer of the
United States Government to pay any account,
claim, or demand against said Government,
which accrued or existed prior to the thirteenth
day of April, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, in favor of any person who promoted,
encouraged, or in any manner sustained the
late rebellion ; or in favor of any person who,
during said rebellion, was not known to be
opposeAthereto, and distinctly in favor of its
suppression; and no pardon heretofore granted,
or hereafter to be granted, shall authorize the
payment of such account, claim, or demand
until this resolution is modified or repealed:
Provided, That this resolution shall not be
construed to prohibit the payment of claims
founded upon contracts made by any of the
Departments, where such claims were assigned
or contracted to be assigned prior to April
first, eighteen hundred and sixtv-ono, to cred-
itors of said contractors, loyal citizens of loyal
States, in payment of debts incurred prior to
March first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 47.—Joint Resolution to amend section
five of an Act entitled "An Act to increase
Duties on Imports, and for other purposes,"
approved June thirtieth, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the paragraph of
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, as follows, to wit: "On
lastings, mohair cloth, silk, twist, wool, or
other manufactured cloth woven or made' in
patterns of such size, shape, and form, or cut
in such manner as to be fit for shoes, slippers,
bootees, gaiters, and buttons exclusively, not
combined with India-rubber, ten per cent, ad
valorem," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That from
and after the passage of this resolution ma-
chinery for the manufacture of beet sugar,
and imported for that purpose solely, shall be
exempted from duty.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 48.—A Resolution to facilitate the Settle-
ment of Accounts of Disbursing Officers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
entitled "An act to provide for the more prompt
settlement of the accounts of disbursing offi-
cers," approved July seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, as provides that "such
accounts, with the vouchers necessary to the
correct and prompt settlement thereof, shall
be rendered direct to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and all such accounts and
vouchers shall hereafter be sent to the bureau
to which they pertain, and after examination
there shall be passed to the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury for settlement.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 40.—A Resolution in relation to National
Banking Associations.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in all cases where a
national bank has paid or may pay in excess
of what may be or has been found due from
said bank, on account of the duty required to
be paid to the Treasurer of the United States,
the bank so having paid or paying such excess
of duty may state and account therefor, which,
on being certified by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and found correct by the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, shall be refunded in the
ordinary manner by warrant on the Treasury.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 50.—Joint Resolution extending the Pro-
visions of section two of an Act entitled
"An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and to provide for the Pay-
ment of certain Demands for Quartermas-
ters' Stores and Subsistence Supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States,"
approved July fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Be it resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of
section two of the above-entitled act be, and
they are hereby,' extended to cover all cases
where quartermasters' stores were actually
furnished to the forces under the command of
Major General Lewis Wallace, and duly re-
ceipted for by persons acting under his author-
ity, and whose authority shall be proven to the
satisfaction of the accounting officers; during
the Morgan raid through the States of Indiana
and Ohio, in the summer of eighteen hundred
and sixty-three; and for the purpose of giving
