PRIVATE ACTS OF THE THIRTY-NINTH CONGRESS
op the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Colmnbia, on
Monday, the 3d day of December, A. D. 1866, and ended on Monday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 186*7.
Andrew Johnson, President. La Fayette S. Foster, President of the Senate. Benjamin F. Wade was elected
President of the Senate pro tempore on the 2d day of March. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of
Representatives.
Chapter I.—An Act granting a Pension to Mrs.
Katharine F. Winslow.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Katharine
F. Winslow, mother of Cleveland Winslow,
late lieutenant colonel of the fifth New York
veteran volunteer infantry, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
to commence from the seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
Approved, December 12, 1866.
Chap. II.—An Act confirming the Title of
Alexis Gardapier to a certain Tract of Land
in the County of Brown and State of Wis-
consin.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of Alexis
Gardapier to a certain tract of land situate in
the county of Brown and State of Wisconsin,
described in the report of the commissioners
to examine titles and claims in the territory
of Michigan as '1 lying on the west bank ot
Fox river, and more particularly known as
being a vacant strip lying between a tract
number one, confirmed to Jacques Porlier, on
the north, and tract number two, confirmed to
Louis Grignon, on the south, commencing at
low-water mark, and running west eighty
arpens, and in width three arpens on the
aforesaid river," be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed, and the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is hereby authorized to cause
the said tract of land to be surveyed in the
same manner as other private claims to lands in
Green Bay have been surveyed, and directed
to issue a patent therefor, according to the
provisions of the fifth section of the act of Con-
gress approved February twenty-one, eight-
een hundred and twenty-three, entitled "An
act to revive and continue in force certain
acts for the adjustment of land claims in the
Territory of • Michigan," which shall ^be re-
corded in the office of the register of deeds
for the county aforesaid, for the benefit of the
heirs or assigns of the said Alexis Gardapier.
Approved, December 15, 18GC.
249
Chap. III.—An Act releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the Interest of the United States in
certain Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any interest which
the United States have in the lands described
in a deed executed by Wager Swayne, assistant
commissioner of the Bureau of Freedmen and
Abandoned Lands, in the State of Alabama,
to Francis S. Lyon, bearing date February
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, released and confirmed to
the said Lyon.
Approved, December 15, 1860.
Chap. XIII—An Act for the Relief of Lewis
Dyer, late Surgeon of the Eighty-First Regi-
ment Illinois Volunteers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to audit and settle the accounts of
Lewis Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-first
regiment Illinois volunteers, and allow him the
pay and emoluments of surgeon of volunteers,
from the sixth day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, to the twenty-sixth day of May
following, deducting therefrom any amount
which may appear to have heretofore been paid
him by error.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of James
Pool.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to James Pool the sum ot
twelve hundred and eighty-seven dollars and
ten cents, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, ihat
four hundred and eighty-seven dollars and
fifty cents of said amount shall be paid out ot
any annuities or moneys payable to the ben-
ecas and Shawnee Indians, if there be any,
and if none, then the whole sum to be paid
out of the Treasury of the United States.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Catharine Welsh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Catharine Welsh,
widow of private J ohn Welsh, late of company E,
twenty-sixth regiment of Illinois volunteer in-
fantry, beauthorized to receive the bounty, back
pay, and allowances due to said John Welsh,
without being required to make other or further
proof of his death than that already furnished.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Chap. XIX.—An Act for the Relief of Solo-
mon P. Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to Solomon P. Smith, late a captain in the one
hundred and fifteenth regiment of New York
volunteers, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of two
hundred and sixty dollars for his pension from
the fourteenth day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, when he was mustered out
of the service, until the fifteenth day of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the
date of the filing of his application for a pen-
sion with the Commissioner of Pensions.
Appboted, January 81, 1867.
*  
Chap. XX.—An Act for the Relief of Josiah
0. Armes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to Josiah O. Armes, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of nine thousand five hundred
dollars, in full for damages sustained by him in
consequence of the burning of his buildings and
the destruction of his property at Anandale,
Fairfax county, Virginia, by the United States
troops.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Chap. XXI.—An Act for the Relief of Matilda
Harmon, of tie County of Greene, and State
of Tennessee, Widow of Jacob Harmon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
