250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
place the name of Matilda Harmon, of the
county of Greene, and State of Tennessee,
widow of Jacob Harmon, on the pension-roll
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the seventeenth day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and to
continue during her widowhood.
Approved, January 31, 1807.
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to James
Starkey, late captain of the St. Paul light cav-
alry, the amount by him paid to Richard Pos-
tel, for the loss of a horse killed in a fight with
Indians, in eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Approved, February 5, 1807.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Belief of George
W. Fish.
Be it enacted by the Senate ayid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to George \V. Fish, the sum
of one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five
dollars and four cents, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in full
pay for consular services as United States con-
sul at Ningpo, China, and for exchange duo
him.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Mary E. Finney, Widow of First Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, late of the Sixth Regiment
Michigan Cavalry.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to Mrs. Mary E. Finney, widow of Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, a lieutenant in the sixth
regiment Michigan cavalry, the three months'
extra pay proper, which he by law would have
been entitled to receive had lie been mustered
out of service after April ninth, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, he having died
of wounds received in battle on said ninth day
of April, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, January CI, [1]867.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Bar-
bury Frye, Widow of Henry Frye.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
place the name of Barbury Frye, widow of
Henry Frye, of the county of Greene and State
of Tennessee, on the pension-roll at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the
twenty-seventh day of November, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, and to continue during
her widowhood.
Approved, January 81, 1867.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Captain James Starkey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tbe sum of one hun-
dred dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
Chap. XXV.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam A. Ilinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw,
Minor Children of Jacob M. Hinshawy de-
ceased.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
place the names of William A. Hinshaw and
Jacob M. Hinshaw, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee, minor children of Jacob M. Hinshaw,
deceased, on the pension-roll, subject to the
privileges and limitations of the pension laws
in regard to orphan children, and to commence
on the twenty-seventh day of November, eight-
een hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Ciiap. XXXV.—An Act for the relief of E.
J. Curley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, or cause to be paid, E. .1. Cur-
ley, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of thirty-four
thousand two hundred and forty-eight dollars
and fifty-two cents, as compensation in full for
corn purchased of hiin by Captain E. B. W.
Reslieaux, assistant quartermaster, on the part
of the Government.
Approved, February 8, 18G7.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of |
Iiufus C. Spalding, Paymaster in the the
United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
; Congress assembled, That tbe Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required, in adjusting the accounts of llufus
1 C. Spalding, as paymaster in the Navy of the j
! United States, to cause the said Spalding to bo
credited with the sum of fourteen thousand five
hundred and sixty-three dollars and seventy-
three cents, being the sum of money stolen
from the Government safe at the naval station
at Mound City, Illinois, on the night of the
twenty-first of December, one thousand eight
i hundred and sixty-five, which sum stands
charged to his account as U. S. paymaster at
| said naval station: Provided, That nothing
j herein shall be so construed as to exempt from
' official or personal liability, or upon hi3 bond,
[ Assistant Paymaster .1. S. Harvey,
j Approved, February lo, 1807.
!  
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of the Sure-
ties of James T. Pollock, late Receiver at
Crawfordsville, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senateand Hovse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Robert C. Gregory,
Henry Crawford, William Galey, and the other
sureties of James T. Pollock, late receiver at
Crawfordsville, Indiana, by bond to the Uni-
ted States, dated January thirtieth, in the year
of our Lord eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
be, and they are hereby, released from their
said liability arising from any defalcation, omis-
sion, or misconduct of the said James T. Pol-
lock as such receiver, and the proper officer of
the Treasury Department be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to dismiss any and all
suits that may have been instituted, and are
now pending in favor of the United States,
against the sureties af( resaid, growing out of
the default of the said receiver, James T. Pol-
lock.
Approved, February 15, 1807.
Ciiap. XLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Alexander F. Pratt.
Be it cjtacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Alexander F. Pratt three hundred dollars,
in full for pursuing and capturing one Elijah
K. Jauncr, convicted of counterfeiting United
States coin, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 18, 1807.
Chap. L.—An Act granting a Pension to Mrs.
Jane Clements.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Mrs. Jane Clements, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, widow of Ignatius Clem-
ents, deceased, on the pension-roll, and that
he pay her a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, during lier widowhood, com-
mencing on the first day of August, Eighteen,
hundred and sixty-four, the date of her hus-
band's death. This act shall entitle the said
Jane Clements to the benefit of the second
section of the act approved July twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, in regard to
minor children of deceased soldiers, if it shall
be established to the satisfaction of the Com-
missioner of Pensions that s])e has such minor
child or children as would entitle her to the
benefit of said section.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. LI.—An Act granting an Additional
Pensiou to Samuel Downing, one of the last
surviving Soldiers of the Revolutionary
War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
upon the pension-roll the name of Samuel
Downing, one of the last surviving soldiers of
the revolutionary war, for an additional pen-
sion, at the rate of five hundred dollars per
annum, from the third day of September, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
to continue during the remainder of his life.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Ciiap. LII.—An Act for the Relief of Lemuel
Worster.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Lemuel Worster, of Lebanon,
York county, and State of Maine, upon the
roll of invalid pensioners, and pay to liixn the
sum of eight dollars per month.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Ciiap. LIII.—An Act for the Relief of Hiram
Hedrick.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Hiram Hedrick,
of Peoria, Illinois, late a private in company
I), eleventh regiment Illinois cavalry, on the
pension-rolls, at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per month, and to pay him at this rate in lieu
of the pension he is now receiving.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. LIV.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior bo, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name ofElizabeth Fletcht r,
widow of Captain L. W. Fletcher, late of com-
pany A, thirteenth regiment Tennessee cavalry,
on the list of invalid pensioners, and pay it
cause to be paid to her during widowhood the
sum of twenty dollars per month from the dute
of the death of her late husband ; and in the
event of the death or remarriage of Elizabeth
Fletcher, the Secretary of the Interior i.s then
authorized and directed to pay to the legally
appointed guardian of the orphan children of
Captain L. W. Fletcher the pension, awarded
