1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Laics of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
to Elizabeth Fletcher, until they shall respect-
ively attain the age of sixteen years.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of John
Morean, of Muchias, N. Y.
Be it enacted by the Senate tind House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of John Morean,
of Machias, N. Y., a soldier of the war of
eighteen hundred and twelve, upon the pension-
rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, February 18, 18(37.
Chap. LXYIII.—An Act for the Relief of
John Gray, a Revolutionary Soldier.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress Assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of John Gray, of Noble county,
Ohio, upon the pension-roll, and that there be
paid to said John Gray, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of five hundred dollars per annum during
his natural life, payable semi-annually, com-
mencing on the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, February 22, 18G7.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act granting an Increased
Pension to John J. Sohan.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to allow
and pay John J. Sohan, in consequence of
total blindness, resulting from disease con-
tracted in the lino of his duty as a marine in
the United States Navy, a pension at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per month, commencing
on the sixteenth day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and to continue during said
disability, in lieu of the pension heretofore
allowed to said Sohan by the Secretary of the
Interior on the thirteenth day of October,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six; to be paid out
of the naval pension fund.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXX.—An Act for the Relief of the
Children of Solomon Long, under sixteen
years of age.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll the
names of the children under sixteen years of
age of Solomon Long, deceased, who was a
private in company E, fifth regiment Kentucky
cavalry volunteers, under the provisions of the
existing laws in similar cases, to take effect
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Dan-
iel Frederick Bakeman, a Revolutionary
Soldier.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Daniel Frederick Bakeman, of
Sandusky, New York, upon the pension-roll,
and there be paid to said Daniel Frederick
Bakeman, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of five
hundred dollars per annum during his natural
life, payable semi-annually, commencing on
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act for the Relief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Delia A. Jacobs,
(late Fitzgerald,) administrator [administra-
trix] of Jesse Fitzgerald, deceased, who ob-
tained a patent for an improved method of
dressing treenails, dated twenty-eighth day of
August, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, for
fourteen years, which expired on the twenty-
eighth August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, be authorized to apply to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of said
patent for seven years under the rules and reg-
ulations now in force for the extension of pat-
ents, as if she had made application previous
to its expiration as required by law; and the
Commissioner of Patents is directed to investi-
gate and decide the application for extension
on the same evidence, and in the same manner,
as other applications for extension are decided :
Provided, That the application for extension
be made within thirty days after approval of
this act, and the decision of the Commissioner
be rendered within ninety days from the filing
of said application in the Patent Office: Arid
provided also, That nothing herein shall be so
construed as to hold responsible in damages
any person who may have manufactured tree-
nails or built or used machines containing the
aforesaid improvement between the expiration
of the patent and the approval of this act: And
provided also, That the Commissioner shall be
satisfied before granting such entension [exten-
sion] that it will inure entirely to the benefit of
said Delia A. Jacobs.
Appp.oved, February 22, 1807.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
John C. McFerran, of the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, directed to credit John C. McFerran,
of the United States Army, with the sum of
twelve hundred and sixty-five dollars, being
the amount for which, as assistant commissary
of subsistence in said Army, he erroneously
receipted to Francis F. Thomas, also an assist-
ant commissary in said Army, in excess of the
amount of money actually paid over to him by
the said Thomas at Santa F'e, in the Territory
of New Mexico, in November, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Ciiap. LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
James C. Cook.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That James C. Cook have
leave to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for an extension of his letters-pat-
ent, which were issued for the term of fourteen
years from the twenty-seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for an im-
provement in machines for forming button
backs and connecting the eyes thereto, in the
same manner as if he had filed his petition for
an extension at least ninety days prior to the
expiration of said patent, and that the Com-
missioner of Patents be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days be-
fore the expiration of the patent.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Cath-
arine Mock.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, required to place
upon the pension-roll the name of Catharine
Mock, of the city of Baltimore, widow of Wil-
liam H. Mock, who was ordnance sergeant, and
died, at or near Fort Mifflin, in eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven ; and that she be paid a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence from the first day of May, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, and continue dur-
ing her natural life.
Approved, February 22,1867.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Kennedy O'Brien.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to increase the pension of Kennedy
O'Brien, late a private in company K, fifth
regiment Indiana volunteers, from eight dol-
lars per month to twenty-five dollars per month,
and to pay him such increased pension from the
passage of this act.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Charles N. Weiss.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be,' and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Charles N.Weiss,
of the District of Columbia, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
to commence from the passage of this act and
to continue during his natural life.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Olivia W. Cannon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Olivia W. Can-
non, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a mid-
shipman in the United States Navy, upon the
pension-roll, at the rate of ten dollars per
month, to commence upon the presentation of
satisfactory proof of identity and widowhood,
and to continue during her widowhood; said
pension to be paid out of the naval pension
fund.
Approved, February 25,1867.
Chap. LXXXVII. —An Act for the Benefit of
*" Mrs. Jerusha Page.
Beit enacted by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Jerusha
Page, of the State of Missouri, the widow of
the" late Thomas C. Page, deceased, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence from the passage of this
act and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, February 25,1867.
Chap. LXXXVIII.— An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Mrs. Adeline M. Gould.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Adeline
M. Gould, mother of Eugene E. Gould, late a
private in company P, third regiment Rhode
Island cavalry volunteers, on the pension-roll,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from the twenty-second day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to
continue during her widowhood.
Approved, February 2-5, 1867.
