1SG7-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
255
Latcs of the United States.
39th Cong..-..2d Sess.
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Levi M. Roberts,
who was granted a pension by a special act of
Congress, in May. eighteen hundred and thirty,
on the pension-rolls, at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month, and to pay him at that rate
from the sixth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, in lieu of any pension to 'which
he may be entitled.
Approved, February 28, 1SG7.
CtiAr. CXCVIIT.— An Act for the Relief of
Richard Chenery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to examine the
e!ain; of Richard Chenery, of California, for
eight thousand dollars alleged to be due him
for beef furnished to George P. Armstrong,
temporary Indian agent for the tribes of In-
dians on Russian river and at Clear lake, and
for which said Armstrong executed receipts,
dated March twenty-three and May twent3'-
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and if
he shall believe, from such examination, that
the property was furnished in good faith, and
that the Government is justly indebted to tli£
claimant as alleged, he shall cause the amount
so found to be due to be paid to the said Chen-
ery or his legal representatives : Provided, That
in no event shall any greater sum than eight
thousand dollars be paid : And j>rovided fur-
ther, That the sum paid shall be accepted in
full and lasting discharge of this claim.
Approved, March 2, 1807.
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay to Mrs. Eliza-
beth F. Chipman, widow of Major Charles
Chipman, deceased, late of the twenty-ninth
regiment Massachusetts volunteers, one hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars, in payment for
horse lost by her said husband in the military
service on the eighteenth of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCII.—An Act for the Relief of Ernest
P. Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Ernest F. Kleinschmidt, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, out of any money in the
Treasury not, otherwise appropriated, the sum
of twelve hundred and fifty dollars, to reim-
burse him for the same sum paid by him to the
collector of internal revenue for the second
district in Ohio for four city lots in Cincinnati,
which lots were sold by said collector to the
said Ernest F. Kleinschmidt for the payment
of internal revenue tax, and which tax was
subsequently declared by the superior court
of Cincinnati to have been illegally assessed,
and the sale of said lots to said Ernest P.
Kleinschmidt held to have been null and void.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Ch\p. CXCIX.—An Act to authorize the
Change of a Name.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Nathan Sargent Dus-
tin be, and he is hereby, authorized to change
his name by dropping therefrom the name of
Dustiu, and to bear that of NathatfSargent, and
that this act shall take effect from the first of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
• Approved, March 2, 1807.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
Itudd, of Henry county, Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Henry Rudd, of Henry
1 county, Iowa, the sum of nine thousand one
! hundred and fifty dollars, out of any money
| in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full for all losses and compensation to said
■ Henry Rudd for horses purchased and deliv-
f ered under a contract with the Government.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CC.—An Act for the Relief of Sylvan us
Sawyer and William E. Ward.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative* of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Patents, upon due application made to him, is
authorized to extend the patents of Sylvanus
Sawyer for an improvement in machinery for
cutting rattan, dated June twenty-fourth, eight-
een hundred and fifty-one, and which expired
on the twenty-fourth day of Jnne, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, and the patent of Wil-
liam E. Ward, for an improved machine for
making rivets and screw blanks, dated Decem-
ber twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, and which expired on the twenty-eighth
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, upon the same evidence and principles as
if applications had been made to him by said
patentees respectively, in due time prior to the
expiration of said patents: Provided, That in
case the Commissioner on due inquiry shall
extend such patents or either of them, that all
persons who shall have made use of such in-
ventions or machines, or either of them, be-
tween the periods of the expiration of said
patents and the extension of the same by the
Commissioner, shall be relieved from all lia-
bility for said use.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Ciiap. CCI.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth P. Chipman, Widow of Major
Charles Chipman, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Chap. CCIY.—An Act for the Relief of James
M. Bishop.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, directed to ascertain and
allow to James M. Bishop, of Quincy, Illinois,
for services in March and April, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to finish the
work left undone on the assessment lists in the
fourth district of Illinois by Mr. Sutkin, an
assistant assessor, at his decease, such a sum,
not exceeding two hundred and thirty-six dol-
lars, as shall be equal to that now fixed by law
to be paid assistant assessors for such service ;
the said sum of money, when ascertained, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCV.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay [a] certain Draft
to W. W. Potter, late Acting Military Agent
of the State of New York.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be paid to W. W. Potter,
late acting military agent of the State of New
York, the sum of two hundred dollars in lieu
of draft No. 7,828 on war warrant No. 9,861,
dated September twenty-ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, payable to the order of
Andrew Smith, ior the sum of two hundred
dollars ; the said Potter having paid to the
said Smith the said sum of two hundred there-
for : Provided, That before payment 6f said
warrant the said W. W. Potter shall execute
a bond of indemnity to the United States with
sufficient sureties against the claim of the payee
in said warrant.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
CliAr. CCVI.—An Act for the Relief of Oliver
Lumphrey.
Beit enacted by the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be, and he is
hereby, required to cause to be paid out of any.
money appropriated, or which may hereafter
be appropriated, for the payment of the Army
of the United States, to Oliver Lumjihrey,
late first lieutenant first New York cavalry,
a sum that shall be equal to the pay of a first
lieutenant of cavalry of the United States
Army in active service, from the thirtieth day
of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, to the thirteenth day of June, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-five, de-
ducting therefrom any amount that he may
have"received as pay of a non-commissioned
officer or private for the same period of time.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCVII.— An Act for the Relief of Rev-
erend Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of four hundred and thirteen dollars
and sixty cents, the pay and allowance due
i him as chaplain from January twelfth, eight-
| een hundred and sixty-three, to April twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, at the
United States hospital at Cleveland, Ohio.
Approved, March 2,1867.
Chap. CCVIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of John E. Bouligny.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and here-
by is, confirmed to Mary Elizabeth Bonligny,
Corinne Bouligny, and Felice Bouligny, the
widow and children of John E. Bouligny,
deceased, the one sixth part of the land claim
of Jean Antoine Bernard d'Autrive, in the
State of Louisiana, said one sixth part amount-
ing to seventy-five thousand eight hundred
and forty acres; and that, inasmuch as the
said land embraced in said claim have [has]
been already appropriated by the United
States to other purposes, certificates of new
location, in eighty-acre lots, be issued to the
said Mary Elizabeth Bouligny, for her own
benefit and that of her said minor children,
in lieu of said lands, to be located at any land
office in the United States, upon anypublic
lands subject to private entry at a price not
exceeding one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office is hereby directed to issue said
certificates of new location in accordance with
existing regulations in such cases.
Approved, March 2, 1807.
Ciiap. CCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Joshua
H. Buttcrworth.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized and empowered
to proceed upon, determine, and decide the
application of Joshua H. Butterworth for an
extension of his patent for his "improvement
in safe and bank locks,'" the same as though
the patent had not been extended once al-
ready; and the said Commissioner shall exam-
ine the said application, and decide upon the
