1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
and Captain John F. Porter, jr.. late of the
United States Army, that Mrs. Abbv Green,
then of Richmond, Virginia, by her courage,
patriotic devotion, and assistance, from May,
eighteen huiidred and sixty-three, to February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, enabling one
hundred and nine officers and soldiers of the j
United States to make their escape from Libby
prison, in Richmond, Virginia, and from the
Lauds of our enemies, has deserved well of
the country: ;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of one thou-
sand five hundred dollars be paid to said Abby
Green, her heirs or administrator, in compen-
sation for her services, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, January 2'9, 1867.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
James Keenan.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed, in the settlement of the
accounts of James Keenan, late consul at
Hong Kong, China, to pay his legal represent-
atives the amount of exchange to which he
would have been entitled for loss had he
drawn the several balances due him on the
adjustment of his accounts.
Approved, February 18. 1867.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
William D. Nelson.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to Wil-
liam D. Nelson one thousand dollars for his J
services in recruiting for the Union Army in |
East Tennessee during the years eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one and eighteen hundred and i
sixty-two. !
Approved, January 31, 1867.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of j
certain settlers on the Sioux Reservation, in
the State of Minnesota.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, • That those persons who
settled and made improvements upon lands
now included in the Sioux reservation in Min-
nesota, and filed notice of their claims in the
proper local land office, before the boundaries
of said reservation were definitely surveyed
and located, shall he, and are hereby, author-
ized to enter the lands thus settled upon, as in
other cases of preemption, upon the payment
of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre
therefor, under such rules and regulations as
may be provided by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Approved, February 8, 1867.
No. 18.—A Resolution for the Relief of Paul
S. Forbes, under his Contract with the Navy
Department for building and furnishing the
Steam Screw Sloop-of-War Idaho.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, instructed to accept
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho, of the
contractor, Paul S. Forbes, at the price of five
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, already
paid said Forbes, and which shall be in full
discharge of his contract with the Navy De-
partment on account of said steamship.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
No. 19.—A Resolution for the Relief of Charles
Clark, Marshal of the United States for the
District of Maine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized, in
the settlement of the accounts of Charles
Clark, marshal of the United States for the
district of Maine, to allow him credit for such
suin of public money as was in his charge as
marshal, not to exceed three thousand and
twenty-eight dollars, as he may be satisfied was
burned in said marshal's office, in the custom-
house building at Portland, Maine, on the
fourth day of July last.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
39th Cong*. '2d Sess.—No. 17.
Jones the full pay and allowances of a first
lieutenant of cavalry for the period during
which he actually served as aid-de-camp on
the staff of General Nelson and General George
H. Thomas, prior to his muster into the United
States service.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of !
Ober, Nanson and Company, Merchants, of j
New York.
Whereas Ober, Nanson and Company, of the
city of New York, did, on October eighteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, deposit in the
post office of the city of New York a sealed
package, containing twelve hundred compound-
interest notes of the United States, each of
the denomination of fifty dollars, dated Sep-
tember one, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
; and falling due September one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, amounting to sixty thou-
sand dollars, which notes are described as
follows: $-5,000, letter D, numbers 272,801 to
272.900 inclusive; $5,000, letter A, numbers
270,201 to 276,300 inclusive ; $5,000, letter C,
numbers 270,801 to 270,900 inclusive; $5,000,
letter A, numbers 268,601 to 268,700 inclusive ;
$5,000, letter C, numbers 268,601 to 208,700
inclusive; $5,000, letter C, numbers 268,301 to
268,400 inclusive ; $5,000, letter C, numbers
275,501 to 275,600 inclusive ; $5,000, letter D,
numbers 270,501 to 270.600 inclusive; $5,000,
letter C, numbers 275,301 to 275,400 inclusive ;
j $5,000, letter D, numbers 276,201 to 276,300
inclusive; $5,000, letter A, numbers 275,001
to 275,700 inclusive; $5,000, letter A, numbers
275.901 to 276,000 inclusive; which package
was directed to Ober, Atwater and Company,
merchants of the city of New Orleans, and was
registered, and receipt given by the postmaster
at New York, dated October eighteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, and was dispatched
through the United States mail, on the steam-
ship "Republic," to its plaoeof destination,as
! certified by the postmaster of New York; and
whereas said steamship " Republic,'' with the
United States mails thereon, containing said
sealed package, was sunk and lost in the sea on
the twenty-fifth day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, at a point about one hun-
dred and forty miles east of Savannah, Geor-
gia. and no part of the mail on board was saved
or recovered: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay said Ober, Nanson, and Company, or their
assigns or legal representatives, the amount of
said notes, supposed to be lost as aforesaid,
with the interest thereon to the time of their
maturity, at any time within sixth months after
the maturity thereof: Provided, That there
shall not appear, before such payment, evi-
dence satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that said notes have not been lost and
destroyed: Provided further, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall require of said Ober,
Nanson, and Company, their assigns or legal
representatives, to execute and deliver such
bond of indemnity, with adequate sureties, as
he may deem necessary, before such payment
is made.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Stephen E. Jones.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is hereby directed to pay to Stephen h.
No. 29.—A Resolution for the Relief of
Martha McCook.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, or cause to be paid, out of
any moneys appropriated for the payment of
pensions, to Mrs. Martha McCook, widow of
the late Major McCook, of Jefferson county,
| Ohio, in consideration of the services of her
1 husband and eight sons to the country in the
j late war for the Union, four of whom perished
of wounds received in battle when in the line
1 of their duty, an annuity, from and after the
' passage of this resolution, and during her nat-
{ ural life, of two hundred and fifty dollars per
j annum, to be paid semi-annually.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
No. 34.—Joint Resolution to permit Captain
John A. Webster, jr.. of the steamer "Ma-
honing," to receive from the Government
of Great Britain a Gold Chronometer.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John A. Webster,
jr., of the revenue-cutter service, captain of
the steamer " Mahoning," be, and he is hereby,
permitted to receive from the Government of
Great Britain a gold chronometer, which that
Government is desirous to award to him. in
token of its appreciation of valuable services
rendered by Captain Webster to several British
vessels in distress on our coast.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
No. 35.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to adjust and settle the Claim
of D. Randolph Martin, Assignee of the
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to adjust and
settle the claim of D. Randolph Martin, as-
signee of the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, forthe use and
occupation of the road of said company by the
United States from and after the eleventh day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
until August, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and to pay said Martin such sum as may bo
found equitably due for such use and occupa-
tion.
Approved, February 28, 1807.
No. 36.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Daniel Cole.
Be it resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior Department be directed to place on the
list of pensions the name of Daniel Cole, at the
rate of eight dollars per month from the date
of the passage of this act.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
jj0 37.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Vir-
ginia S. Wilson, widow of the late Captain
George W. Wilson.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, fh*t the Secretary of the
Interior cause to be paid to Virginia S. VVilson.
widow of George W Wilson, deceased, late a
