18«1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
Laws of the United States.
39tii Cong....2d Sess
obtaining his patent by the state of civil war
which interdicted all communication between
the State of Texas and the Patent Office at the
city of Washington : Therefore.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue said patent to said Joseph R. Morris as
of the date and with like effect as though the
same had been issued on the eighth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, except
that said patent may be issued to run the usual
number of years from the actual time of the issu-
ance thereof, any law to the contrary hereof
notwithstanding: Provided, That if, at or prior
to the day when said patent shall actually be
issued, any person or persons shall be actually
using said improvement in furnaces, such per-
son or persons shall not be made liable in
damages for such prior use, or for the contin-
uing use of such as have already been con-
structed.
Approved, March 2,1867.
No. 69.—A Resolution for the Relief of cer-
tain Enlisted Men of the Seventh Regiment
of West Virginia Volunteers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be directed to cause to be paid to William T.
Connell, John Keplinger, and Isaac Conrad,
full pay and allowances as private soldiers
from August seventeenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, to January ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, on presentation of satis-
factory proof that they were duly enlisted in
the seventh regiment West Virginia volunteers
as such, and that their muster into service was
prevented by their capture and detention as
prisoners of war, from September seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to the date
embraced by this resolution.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 70.—A Resolution for the Relief of Dyer
B. Pettijohn.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be directed to cause to be paid to Dyer B.
Pettijohn the full pay and emoluments of a
second lieutenant of infantry, of the first com-
pany of sharpshooters, Minnesota volunteers,
from the thirtieth day of May, eighteen hun-
1 dred and sixty-three, to the twentieth day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, de-
ducting therefrom any amount he may have
received as an enlisted man during the time
specified.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 71.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
J. II. Riley.
Be it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two hun-
dred dollars be allowed and paid to J. H. Riley
for services rendered by him as clerk to tho
House Committee on the Pacific Rarilroad dur-
ing the first and second sessions of the present
Congress.
j Approved, March 2, 1867.
 
No. 72.—A Resolution authorizing Gustavus
V. Fox, late Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and the Officers of the iron-clad Miantono-
mah and gunboat Augusta, to accept pres-
ents tendered them by the Emperor of
Russia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Gustavus V. Fox,
late Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and the
officers of the iron-clad Miantonomah and
gunboat Augusta, may accept any books or
other presents which have been tendered to
! them by the Emperor of Russia on the occa-
sion of their late visit to Russia. And that
the presents hereby authorized to be received
{ may be admitted into the ports of the United
States free of duty.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
THE END.
