APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843
This sum is composed of the following items:
Civil list, foreign intercourse, and
miscellaneous -
Army. proper •- -
Fortifications, ordnance, arming
. militia,&<'. -
Indian Department
Pensions -
Naval establishment
Interest on public debt
14,759,037 09
2,775,528 0G
2,674,906 91
1,642,482 71
954,578 46
5,053,070 76
1,403,791 94
19,263,395 94
The means in the treasury, as
above stated, are - - lt>,/Jb,Mi it
Deficiency
2,527,264 17
It will be seen that a sum exceeding two millions
and-a half is deducted from the appropriations al-
ready made, on the ground that it will not be required
to be paid out during the fiscal year. Being act-
ually appropriated by Congress, and liable to be
usea even during the year, and certainly within a
short time after its expiration, the undersigned lias
hesitated to deduct the amount from the expendi-
tures; and, although this has been done in conformity
with usa°-e, this explanation is necessary to prevent
mistake. Notwithstanding this deduction, it will be
perceived that there will be a deficiency of more
than two million five hundred thousand dollars.
To this deficiency must be added the amount of such
special appropriations as Congress may make during
the present session, in addition to the appropriations
for which estimates are submitted in another report.
It is a duty also to remark, that the credit ot the
treasury, the facility of its operations, and the neces-
sity of guarding against unforeseen contingencies,
have usually induced Congress to make provision
for a small surplus. There is nothing in the circum-
stances of the present year to induce a departure
froni such a provident course; and for that purpose
a million and a half of dollars ought to be added to
the deficiency above stated. The whole amount to
be provided for the services of the present fiscal year,
beyond the means now existing or estimated, would
therefore be about $4,000,000.
Estimate of revenues and expenditures for Hie. fiscal
year commencing July 1,1844, and tevminatins, June
30, 1845.
Revenue—From customs - $20,000,000 00
From sales of public lands 2,250,000 00
From miscellaneous somces 50,000 00
$22,300,000 00
F.vneniUlures.—According to the data furnished by
the different deportments, there millbe Required
the balance of former appropnat ions, J2,(>0b,02b lib
Permanent and indefinite appropna-
tions - 2,318,1".)
Sl'oef,[he^CPrlaUO"S f"r S'"'V"'- 21,050,844 11
26, H7 7,059 19
This sum is composed of the following items:
Civil list, foreign intercourse, and mis-
cellaneous objects - - 659,904 98
Army proper - -
Fortifications, ordnance, arming mi
4
Indian department - -
Pensions - - i'SoS? on- oo
Naval establishment _ - ?>;S1oo'^q no
Interest, &c., on public debt 1,032,/39
26,877,059 19
probable deficiency, independent of
other specific appropriations that
may be made by Congress 4,5ii,059 1■'
The estimate of the proceeds of the sales of pub
he lands is founded upon the expectation that all the
Miami lands in Indiana, or those in the Choctaw
cession of 1830, in Mississippi, will be brought into
If* both tracts should be offered for sale, the
amount from that source may be increased four hun-
dred thousand dollars. If neither should be offered,
the estimated amount will be reduced two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
The preceding estimates are made on the assumpj
tion of the continuance of the existing laws for the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage, and for
the sale of the public lands, and of course will be
affected by any changes in those laws. The fluctua-
tions of commerce forbid an implicit reliance upon
any prospective calculations for a long term. Those
now presented have been made from the best infor-
mation that could be obtained, and from a compari-
son with the receipts of previous years. The large
amount of eighteen millions received in 1842 from
customs, is not to be wholly credited to the business
of that year. It includes $4,808,666 11, the amount
of duties which had accrued in 1841, and was se-
cured by bonds that were paid in 1842, and also
$567,000 of treasury notes redeemed by the collect-
ors in the former year, but which were credited in
1842; thus leaving the actual receipts from the duties
of the year at less than thirteen millions. It will be
perceived that there was a decided improvement m
the duties oil imports during the year 1843; for, dur-
ing the three first quarters of that year, the receipts
exceeded thirteen millions; and, from returns already
received, it is quitf^certain those of the fourth quar-
ter will amount to more than three millions; making
a total of more than sixteen millions for the calendar
year.
Various general considerations—and particularly
that the stocks of imported goods were, during the
last two years, nearly e^fliausted—induce the belief
that the revenue from this source will continue to
augment under the present laws for the next two
years; but it is doubted whether this increase will
exceed three or four millions.
It is believed that habits of economy arc prevailing
among our fellow-citizens, stimulated and strength-
ened by the sad consequences of overtrading, and a
spirit of speculation. The disposition to husband
their means prevents the purchase of many super-
fluous articles of foreign manufacture which were
formerly in extensive use. Many fabrics which
were heretofore nriported, and nearly all those which
are ncccssary to our comfort, excepting those com-
posed of silk, are manufactured within our own
borders as well, and are furnished as cheap, as the
productions of other countries. This cause has for
several years gradually reduced the consumption of
foreign merchandise, and will continue to operate;
and, in connexion with a more healthful economy,
will materially affect the revenue. The estimates of
receipts from customs for the ensuing eighteen
months have been framed ill reference to these con-
siderations.
A table has been prepared under my direction,
which accompanies this report, exhibiting the value
of foreign merchandise unpolled and re-exported
from 1821 to 1842, and showing the value of articles
consumed or left on hand during each year. By a
comparison of this table with another, also hereto
annexed, showing the. value of merchandise import-
ed and the duties accruing thereon for each year
during the same period, it will be perceived, as a
general result, that the duties were the greatest
(luring the years when the largest amounts of im-
ported goods were either consumed or left on hand.
A comparison of these for the several years will af-
ford a very good idea of the average consumption of
foreign goods and the balances that must have been
left on hand, and will justify the conclusion that the
largest amounts of duties were founded upon the
excess of importation over consumption; in other
words, that the reo-nlar and steady consumption of
the country did not furnish the meant? from which
those excessive revenues were derived. The infer-
ence to be drawn from these results is, that we are
not to expect such amounts of duties as character-
ized the years 1831, 183-2, 1835, 1836, and 1839,
without the existence of the same cause—importa-
tions beyond our wants. And indeed a more gene-
ral inference may he drawn, that, without the inter-
vention of some extraordinary causes, winch there
is now no reason to anticipate, we cannot rely upon
more than a very moderate increase of duties from
customs, hearing a proportion to the increase of pop-
ulation, for yeais to come.
With a view to furnish the information collected
in this department, respecting the course and B uctua-
tions of our foreign commerce, in a convenient form
for examination and reference, several very valuable
tables have been prepared, which are annexed to this
report. Among them, besides those already men-
tioned, is a statement of our exports of domestic prod-
uce and of foreign goods, distinguishing those sub-
ject to duty from those that were free; also, tables of
the most important articles imported from those
countries with which we have the most intercourse,
designating tliem respectively; and, also, of our ex-
ports to the same countries. There is also a table
showing the gross revenue of each year, the expenses
chargeable upon it, and the nett proceeds. Allthese
embrace the period from 1821, when the statistical
reports were first made, to the year 1842.
The proceeds of the stiles of the public lands have
been estimated from the best elements within reach.
The demand for these lands is steady, while it is
moderate, and there is no reason to anticipate the
wild and excessive rage for purchases which at one
time prevailed. If the tide of emigration should
take its course towards the shores of the racmc, it
might materially affect the Government sales of
lands. The tracts set apart to the new States and
located by them, being, or likely to be, m the market,
will also have an influence upon the question. 1 hese
and other considerations not of equal magnitude, but
having a bearing upon the result, have induced the
undersigned to doubt whether the receipts from the
sales of lands will be equal to the estimates submit-
ted which have been obtained from the General
Land Office, and are founded upon large purchases
being made of tracts that will be brought into the
market.
The expenditures for the next eighteen months
will be diminished to a considerable extent, in conse-
quence of the distribution of the proceeds of the sales
of public lands having ceased; of no appropriations
being necessary for new purchases of Indian lands;
of various public buildings, heretofore authorized,
being completed; and, it is hoped, of the claims of
militia and volunteers being nearly satisfied.
Yet, from present appearances, it seems certain
that the deficiencies above stated will exist during
the present and the next fiscal year. They are but
continuances of similar deficiencies which com-
menced immediately after the deposites were made
with the States, and have continued for the last sev-
en years. The accompanying table exhibits the
receipts from the various sources accruing between
the 1st of January, 1837, and the 30tli September,
1843; the expenditures, exclusive of payments for
principal or interest of the public debt; those made
on that account; and the actual balances m the treas-
ury.
It will be seen that the deficiency has been dimin-
ishing during the last three years—having been at
the rate of seven hundred thousand dollars less per
year during that time than during the preceding four
years. The average rate of revenue per annum ac-
cruing between the 1st of January, 1837, and the
31st December, 1840, was twenty-one millions of
dollars; while that between the 1st of January, 1841,
and the 30th September, 1843, was eighteen million
two hundred thousand dollars per year.
The accruing revenue stated in the table embraces
all the receipts into the treasury during the periods
referred to, excepting those from debts ami other
funds existing prior to 1837, in reference to the first
mentioned period, and with a like exception of re-
ceipts from similar funds which existed before 1841,
in reference to the second period, and excepting in
both cases the means derived from loans and treasu-
ry notes. This view is taken for the purpose of ex-
hibiting the actual revenue, independent of accident-
al and extrinsic additions. Thus, during the first
four years, the deficiency in the ordinary revenue was
supplied by the balance in the treasury, on the 1st
of January, 1837, of $16,087,278 88; by receipts from
debts and otherfunds existing before the 1st of Janu-
ary , 1837, to the amount of $8,576,697 63; and by
treasury notes. During the last two years and nine
months the deficiency was partly supplied by the ba-
lance in the treasury on the 1st of January, 1841,
$1,196,627 65; by receipts from funds existing be-
fore the last mentioned d;>y to the amount of $720,
723 99 ; and the residue by loans and treasury notes.
It will be perceived a'so that the expenditures for
the. four years, for all pin poses other than the pub-
lic debt, averaged at the rate of twenty-eight millions
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars per
year; while those of the same character for the last
two years and nine months avciaged at ihe rate of
twenty-four millions four hundred and fnrty-cight
thousand dollars per annum. The reduction m ex-
penditures for the'last mentioned period was much
greater than tlie diminution of revenue
The payments on account of the principal and in-
terest of the old public debt, and the interest on loans
and treasury notes during the last-mentioned pe
riod, exceeded two millions; while those between
