12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate and H. of Reps.
canal about a mile in length, through the lands of
the United States, around the falls of St. Mary, with
two locks suitable for passing steamboats, the ex-
pense of which will not probably exceed $100,000.
This will be mom than made up by the increased
value of the public lands affected by it.
"By the commencement of topographical surveys
west of the Mississippi, it is thought that assurance
has been given for their prosecution. The results,
as far as ascertained, are highly satisfactory and
creditable to the scientific gentlemen in charge of the
respective works. It is hoped that the surveys al-
ready commenced on the Platte and Kanzas rivers,
may be prosccuted; and that means may be furnish-
ed, and authority given, to construct a road through
the lands belonging to the United States, so as to af-
ford a safe and expeditious route for emigrants to
the Oregon Territory. This could be done at a mod-
erate expense, as there would, generally, bo little to
do, more than to survey and mark it out, and construct
bridges over the larger streams. The survey should
also embrace the proper positions for military posts,
which will be found necessary for the purpose of
keeping the Indians in order, preventing misconduct
in traders among them, and furnishing security to
travellers crossing the Rocky Mountains. At these
military posts, settlements would soon be formed,
and travellers, instead of encountering the troubles,
inconveniences, and dangers of a long journey
through a wilderness, would find themselves enjoy-
ing, on the whole route, the comforts and security
of civilized life.
Reference is also made to the necessity of correct
topographical information as to the country between
our principal cities and the seaboard. This infor-
mation should be obtained and put on record, to be
used, when necessary, for the purposes of defence.
The report from the Ordnance Bureau shows that
the officers connected with the department have
promptly accounted for the moneys placed in ili^ir
hands. In the recommendations for ai ming our for-
tifications as their construction advances, and in the
necessity of a national foundry, for the purpose at
least of ascertainiui; with certainty w here ^-ood ma-
terial can be procured for cannon, 1 most. heartiiy
concur. Many of the camion now in use, it is be-
lieved, would not stand a pro|)"r inspection, and are
really dangerous, even with ordinary charges. The
loss and destruction of life by the bursting of can-
non should be guarded against by every means in
our power. The best mclats should be selected,
and be carefully manufactured into camion at the
public foundry. In this way only, it is believed,
security would be afforded that the pieces could be
safely relied on at all tunes. The establishment of
a national foundry should not, it is eonceivcd,
be on a large scale; nor need it involve a considera-
ble expenditure at the outset, but care should be
taken to secure such a site as will enable the Gov-
ernment to increase it to any extent that may be re-
quired, should it be deemed adwsable to extend it
beyond the purposes of a test foundry. When the
superiority of ores for the purpose is settled, the
work could, if such a coutse be preferred, be let out
by contract, at fair and legitimate prices, stipulating
for the given quality of iron. The whole process
to be superintended in all its stages by on Ordnance
officer, so as to secure on article as perfect as possi-
ble. There are, however, objections urged against
having cannon cast by individuals by contract,
arising out of the interest of the contractor to in-
crease the weight of the cannon, and to use the
metal costing him the least money. Under any
mode of constructing them, the most rigid scrutiny
should be observed, to save the lives of those by
whom they are to be used, and to render the cannon
efficient for the purposes for which they were in-
tended.
The state of our national armories reflects credit
on the officers placed in charge of thorn. I visited
and inspected that at Springfield m July last, and
found it in excellent order. That a; Harper's Ferry
is also judiciously conducted, ax I Irani from the re-
port of the Ordnance Bureau. Thtt report exhibits
m detail the amount of moneys expended at the ar-
mories, for the manufacture of cirrus, fbi rnataials,
and for repairs and improvements. The usual dis-
tribution of arms to the several States has been
made in the past year, as shown in the report.
The value of the property under eharge of this
branch of the service is $17,393,031 07, and in it-
self shows the amount of pecuniary responsibility
in which the officers who have it m charge are in-
volved, The system of keeping and preserving the
|Kibljc arms, accoutrements, munitions, &c,; with
the arrangement of the accounts and the arsenals, so
as to be easily and expeditiously inspected, is such
as to entitle the head, as well as the other officers of
the corps, to great credit.
The statements in regard to our lead-mines are
deeply interesting. Some legislation is, undoubted-
ly, necessary, to prevent the numerous frauds at-
tempted to be perpetrated, in appropriating to indi-
vidual use, at ordinary prices, lands known to
abound with rich mineral. Something must either
be done to effect the object, or the lands should be
sold at adequate prices, if such could be obtained.
The report of the bureau on this subjcct at the last
session of Congress, coupled with that of the pres-
ent year, contains much valuable information, and
exhibits, to some extent, the losses which the Gov-
ernment is continually sustaining, as well as some
of the defects of the present system.
Measures were taken, early in the present season,
to secure the rich mineral region south of Lake Su-
perior from falling into the hands of intruders, who
might endeavor, ultimately, to wrest from the Gov-
ernment those valuable lands, winch, in addition to
lead, are found to abound in copper-ore of a supe-
rior quality. The results, as far as ascertained,
have been satisfactory, and will be found more at
length in the report of the Ordnance Bureau. When
the full and final report for the year shall have beeri
received from the agent, it can be furnished if de-
sired.
The duties of the Ordnance Bureau are various
and responsible, and have been increased by placing
the mineral lands under its charge. It is respect-
fully suggested that the salary of the first clerk of
this office be so regulated as to put him on a foot-
ing with the chief clerks of the other bureaus
The estimates from the Bureaus of Engineers,
Topographical Engineers, and Ordnance, are larger
than those of the preceding year. The reason for
this meiea.se may need explanation. The chiefs of
those bureaus, respectively, have estimated what, in
their judgment, will be necessary to carry out those
work's for which provision has been made by law.
If Congress shall not deem it advisable to prosecute
all of them, the appropriations can be confined to
those deemed of most pressing importance. Again:
considerable portions of some of the estimates are
for tiie re-appropriation of sums heretofore appro-
priated, but which will revert to the surplus fund,
by operation of law, at the close of the present cal-
endar year.
Tin: report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
embraces, in great detail, the operations of that de-
partment for the past year.
Our Indian relations have, in the main, been
peaceable; and the exceptions growing out of a few
individual acts of violence have not been sanctioned
or justified by the tribes to which the offenders be-
longed.
The emigration of that portion of the (Jhoctaws
east of the Mississippi lias not yet been effected; but
it is hoped and believed that it will commence early
in the spring, and continue until the most of them
will be removed. The department has been assidu-
ously at work endeavoring to effect this object, and
thus relieve the State of Mississippi from a popula-
tion undesirable, and which will lie much better off
when located among their own kindred people and
now residing west of the Mississippi.
The constant instruction to the agents and sub-
agents, which it is believed they are endeavoring to
carry out, has been to endeavor to bring the influ-
ences of Christianity and civilization to bear upon
tbeui; to induce tbeai to settle down permanently to
the cultivation of the soil; and thus become domes-
ticated, as it were, on their own territories.
Many of the Southwestern Indians, especially
among the Cherokees and Choctaws, have made
con"idt-,-abie advances in civilization, end ore ac-
customing themselves to husbandry and planting:,
surrounding themselves with the comforts of civil-
ized life, and are taking great pains in the educa-
tion of their children. 'The Choctaws, early in the
present year, epproprietcd eiohtcpti thousand dol-
lars of their amuiiries to educational purposes.
The annuities paid to many of the tribes seem to
do them little good. So lon,1^ as they .are sure of
receiving their annual stipend, they will not exert
themselves as they should to earn a subsistence;
and, in most instances, the. trader gets the money of
the^ Indian, either in payment of debts incurred in
anticipation of the annuity, or for goods brought to
him and sold when the annuities are paid. The
Indian rarely receives the value of his money, which
thus fails of its object-—to provide for the necessities
of the red man. A revision of the whole system
may probably result in some better means than any
yet discovered to prevent the bounty of the Gov-
ernment from being misappropriated, and the poor
Indian from squandering his money on objects of
trivial importance. Some further legislative provis-
ion is necessary, effectually to prevent all persons
from introducing arden t spirits among, or disposing
of them to, the Indians, under any pretext whatever.
The compensation allowed to sub-agents is en-
tirely disproportionate to the responsibilities incur-
red, and the duties required of them. They are obliged
to give security in amounts varying from $5,000 to
$20,000, to reside out of the reach of civilization, to
be often exposed to danger and trouble; and for all
this, they receive hut $750 per year. The compen-
sation ought to bo increased to at least $1,000; and in
some situations a discretionary power should be
given to increase it to $1,250, which would proba-
bly enable the department to secure the services of
men better qualified for the work than can ordina-
rily be obtained for the small allowance now given
them. It might also be advisable to give authority,
where the proceeding would be proper, to consoli-
date two or more continuous sub-agcncies into a
full agency.
During the recess of Congress, I directed a com-
mencement to be made of a history of all the Indian
tribes, as far as the same could be derived from doc-
uments in this department. Some progress has been
made in it; but it is found that it will have to be sus-
pended during the approaching session of Congress,
for want of the necessary force to put upon it. It is
a work very much needed, fend will, if properly com-
pleted, be very valuable.
It is important, more effectually to prevent abuses,
and to see that the Indians are fairly dealt with, that
the department should have the means of obtaining
more direct and official information of the actual
state and condition of the several tribes of Indians,
and the manner in which agencies and sub-agen-
cies are conducted, than can now be had. For this
purpose, I would, respectfully suggest such a modi-
fication of so much of the act of 26th August, 1842,
as provides "that it shall not, at any ttine hereaf-
ter, be lawful for any accounting or disbursing offi-
cer of the Government to allow or pay any account
or charge whatever, growing out of, or in any way
connected with, any commission or inquiry, except
courts martial or courts of inquiry in the military or
naval service of the United States, until special ap-
propriations shall have been made by law to pay
such accounts and charges," &c., as to exclude from
its operation the office of Indian Affairs; so far, at
least, as to permit the payment of a reasonable com-
pensation to a person or persons to be appointed to
make personal inspections and examinations into
Indian affairs. It is believed that such inspections
and examinations would corrcct many abuses, and
be on actual saving to the Government.
The report of the Commissioner of Pensions ex-
hibits, very clearly and distinctly, the state and con-
dition of the business of this office. There yet re-
main on the rolls 21,0fi4 pensioners for revolution-
ary services, including widows. Under the act of
1838, granting pensions for five years to widows of
revolutionary soldiers, 9.895 claims have been pre-
sented, of which 7,855 have been admitted. Under
the laws granting pensions to invalids for wounds
and injuries rescued in military service, there are
now on the rolls 2,730 persons.
^ The force employed in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions had been considerably reduced as
the business decreased prior to the present year.
The act of 3d March last, extending the acts grant-
ing pensions to widows, has greatly increased the
business of that office, whilst the appropriation of
the present year required the discharge of one clerk.
The Commissioner and remaining clerks have been
unable, with the utmost diligence and industry, to
dispose of the business presented to them. An ap-
propriation of about fJ.OOU will be requisite for the
employment of additional aid—temporarily at least
—or thry will be unable to perform the business in-
trusted to tbem within a reasonable time. It is not
nVht that the Inanimate objects of public gratitude
should be deprived of the provision made for them
by law, for want of means to have their claims ex-
amined.
The balances: in the hands of pension agents ap-
pear large. The returns, however, were made at a
time shortly after that at which sums had been re-
mitted for the semi-annual payments falling clue in
September last. Before tins time the balances have,
no doubt, been considerably reduced,
