Dec. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the JVavy.
Senate and H. of Reps.
department intending: to build only four small tim-
ber vessels during that time, and the timber for
which being mo3tly on hand.
The docking of timber for long periods, a large
portion of the time bul partly covered with water,
seems of veiy questionable utility; and (here are
some positive injuries arising from the practice. The
timber is taken from the water, and, before allow-
ing it time to dry, is hewn and put up for the frame
of the ship. The plankc oie sawed from it, to cover
the frame. The consequence is, great shrinking and
liability to warp; requiring additional expense for
calking, from the shrinkage of the planks, and
greater liability to leakage. It tends, also to generate
the dry rot, which disease (if I may so term it) ap-
pears to be a fungus, a parasitical plant, like mould,
germinating in the wood, and destroying the tena-
city of its fibre; which fungus wo aid be less liable
to germinate in dry than in moist wood. It' is in-
deed doubted if it could geimmate at all in perfectly
dry wood.
A deficiency is apprehended in the appropriation
for provisions and clothing for the current year. The
sum granted by Congress for this pui-pose was less
than that asked for by the department, and not suf-
ficent to provide for the persons actually in service
at the passage of the law. Efforts are making to
bring the expenditure within the proper limits; but,
owing to the recent establishment of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing, and the state of its accounts
with the ships on distant stations, the department
has not yet been able to learn the precise condition
of its expenditures.
About $15,500 worth of provisions, clothing, and
small stores, has been lost by the burning of the
steamer Missouri, the loss of the schooner Gram-
pus, and the wreck of a freight vessel at Port
rraya.
The estimate from the Bureau of Ordnance and
Hydrography is some five hundred and twenty
thousand dollars more than the sum asked for last
•year; of this, about one hundicd and sixty thousand
dollars is to pay for outstanding contracts made by
.the Board of Navy Commissioners some years
since, and yet incompleted. It includes also an esti-
mate for a sufficient number of powder tanks for all
the ships and brigs of the. navy, launched or not
launched, that are not now provided with them. It
likewise includes an estimate for two hundred can-
non of a large size.
In the Bureau of Yards and Docks, the estimate
for the improvement of yards is about ^1^0,000
over that of last year. The estimate for coal is on
the supposition that each steamer will employ steam
power four months in the year; and the sum asked
f<5r is a very liberal allowance even lor this length of
service.
In the plot of ground on which the navy hospital
at Chelsea, Mass., stands, there are many acres
more than are of any use for the purposes of that
establishment, and producing no income. If this
were sold, a handsome sum might be added to the
hospital fund, and an income be received^ from it.
I therefore respectfully recommend that Congress
authorize the sale of so much of this land as will
not be needed for the hospital purposes; and I would
further suggest that the Navy Department be
clothed with authority to invest the navy hospital
fund, now amounting to over s:i00,00D, and yield-
ing no income, in some safe and productive securi-
ties.
A resolve was passed by the late Congress, appro-
priating four thousand dollars toward establishing
an agency in lhe State of Kentucky, and one in the
State of Missouri, for the purchase of American
liemp for the use of the navy. An agent wasjip-
pointed on the 1st of July last for the State of Ken-
tucky; and, in obedience to directions, he visited the
United States ropewalk at the Charleston n navy
yard, for the purpose of gaining infoimation as to
the kind and quality of water-rotted hem]) used m
the navy, and the mode of testing its strength. Phe
appropriation for this branch of the naval service
(mcrease and repair) having been mamly expended
on other contracts, the department has recently di-
rected the agent to make no purchases; and ill this
state of the appropriation it has not been thought
f expedient to appoint any agent for the btate of Mis-
m souri. , ,,
5f Mr. Von Schmidt, an intelligent gentleman, well
S acquainted with the culture of hemp m Russia and
p in this country, has been employed by the direction
3 of thedepartment, the last season, on the culture a,id
r- 'i preparation of hemp ut this vicmity. He is no*A
in coHsU'ticUng & ns.uiuiie ier brewing ic
and separating the fibres from the stalks without rot-
ting. Should he succeed, (of which there is a fair
promise,) a great saving of labor will be made, and
the hemp thus prepared will be much superior in
quality and strength to hemp prepared by the old
method of rotting. Mr. Yon Schmidt's report is
appended. He has also been employed to translate
the pamphlet on the culture and preparation of hemp
published at Odessa in Russia, and to which the at-
tention of Congress was invited by a communica-
tion from this department, dated 1st of March, 1843.
The expense of this translation, for which there is
no appropriation, is three hundred dollars. The
translation is submitted with this report.
I respectfully suggest a modification of the ration,
so as to dispense with the spirit-portion now allow-
ed. That the frequent and habitual use of ardent
spirits injuriously affects the human system, is a
truth believed to be now generally understood and
admitted, by all intelligent physiologists. Its evil in-
fluences are not less on the moral than on the phys-
ical condition of man. A large proportion of the
punishments inflicted upon the seamen is for drunk-
enness, or the immediate effects of drinking ardent
spirits—insubordination in its various forms. In
abolishing the spirit-ration, punishments and disease
will be less frequent, and Lhe v. hole moral and physi-
cal condition and character of the men will be im-
proved. I therefore cannot too strongly recommend
that no spirits be allowed in the rations of those
who enlist in future, and that the right of commu-
ting the spirit-ration for money be continued to
those already enlisted.
Measures are in train for establishing a more per-
fect system of accounts for the naval storekeepers,
by which a more rigid and effective responsibility
will be enforced in keeping and disposing of the
public property in the yards.
In the execution of this plan, an additional clerk
at each navy-yard is necessary. The sum estima-
ted for each clerk is ^800 per annum, ai:d the ser-
vices to be rendered will vastly more than compen-
sate for the outlay.
Great expense "has been incurred, at times, by al-
terations m the inboard arrangements of ships with-
out the authority of the department. The cost of
such alterations thus made has been directed to be
charged ill future to the officer making them.
Navy agents have been directed to pay .10 bills,
except from funds in hand belonging to the appro-
priation to which the bills are chargeable. By this
arrangement, the department will keep a better
knowledge and more peifect control over the condi-
tion of the appropriations.
The allowance of additional pay to officers per-
forming the duty of a higher grade, is often a sub-
ject of contention and perplexity, and is liable to
abuses, The utility of such allowances is some-
what questionable; but, if expedient to continue
them, the law might be beneficially modified. It
should define more accurately what constitutes a
higher command, and perhaps also provide that no
extra pay be allowed, unless expressly stipulated in
the order directing the officer to perform such duty.
Pursuant to the act of Congress of March 3d,
1843, Captain Rousseau, Commander Adams, and
Lieut. Stephen Johnson, have examined and sur-
veyed the harbor of Memphis, m reference to its
capability for "a naval depot and yard lor the build-
ing and repairing of steamships and other vessels of
war at that place." The report of these officers has
been received, and accompanies tins.
An appropriation of one hundred thousand dol-
lars was made at the last session oi Congress for
the purpose of building a floating dry-dock, suffi-
ciently large to raise a second-class frigate, on such
plan as the Secretary of the Navy should approve, 10
be used at Pensacola. After various inquiries, the
examination of various plans, and the consideration
of the offers of persons proposing to build it, no
plan was presented on which a suitable dock could
be built within the limits of the appropriation: and
the department did not feel authorized to enter into a
contract requiring a larger expenditure than the
sum appropriated for the purpose. The plan pre-
sented by "S. D. Dakin, for a scctional dock, had
the preference of the department, but one of a suita-
ble size, with the necessary mat lunery to work it,
could not be built within the sum appropriated. A
detailed rcporr on the subject, with an estimate of
the cost of such a dock, to be used as the elevating
or floatitig power, and conneeird with a level rail-
track by which ships can be taken upon the land
with ease and safety, will be submitted in another
communication N.hen all the accessary fuels end
calculations shall have been received from the. per-
sons having that subject in charge. Mr., Sanger,
the engineer bf the Bureau of Yards and Docks, in
compliance with the resolve of Congress, is making
the necessary examinations as to the practicability
of using the Croton water as an elevating power for
a dock at New York. When his survey shall have
been completed, the department will report ujxai
that subject.
. In the estimates are included the cost of the appa-
ratus for a laboratory at the Washington havy-
yard, and for the employment of a chemist and py-
rotechnist. It is believed that great advantages may
be derived by employing scientific persons in testmg
the quality of copper and various other materials,
and in the preparation of many articles used in the
service, which have heretofore been found, wlien
used, of inferior quality. It is highly important that
a competent person be employed in the preparation
of fuses, rockets, and other fire-works indispensable
in the naval service. So deficient is the service in
this knowledge, that the fuses necessary for its use
are obliged to be purchased.
The medical department of the naval service re-
quires talent, education, and moral worth, properly
to fill it, of as high order as in other branches of
that service; but the surgeons and assistant sur-
geons have no military rank. A modification of the
law, by which medical officers in die naval service
shall be entitled to rank, in a manner similar to that
prescribed in the army, might be beneficially made.
Commander Wilkes, with the officers under him,
has been assiduously engaged in preparing the hy-
drographical results of the exploring expedition for
publication. Before the end of the year, forty plates
of charts will be ready for publication, comprising
upwards of seventy general and local surveys of the
groups and islands of the Pacific. Many more are
ready to be given out to engrave.
Commander Wilkes reports that the narrative
preparing by him, under the authority of Congress,
will be ready for the press previous to March next.
The naturalists and others are also employed in
the description and arrangement of the several
branches of natural history. For their pay, and
that of the persons necessary in the keeping and at-
tendance of the hall, and to complete the arrange
ments, a small appropriation is asked. The whole
is making as rapid an approach to completion as
can be expected in such duties. The report and
estimate of Commander Wilkes are submitted
herewith.
In the general estimates for the half current year
ending June 30th, 1843, and the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1844, fifteen thousand dollars are re-
quired "for the erection of building for depot"
of charts and instruments. That sum is embraced
in the amount appropriated for enumerated contin-
gent expenses in the act of 3d March last; but the
"erection of building for depot" is not specified
therein, and the law prohibits the application of any
part of the amount appropriated for "other objects"
than those enumerated: therefore, legislation is ne-
cessary to perfect and legalize the application of the
§15,00*0 to "the erection of building for depot"—the
object for which the amount was specified in the
estimates, and for which purpose it is applied.
I append the report of the superintendent of the
building, in which he asks for an appropriation of
$20,000 for grading the grounds, &c. The house
he has estimatad for would be convenient, but is
not deemed essential at this time. It is proper to
remark, that this building is adapted in its form and
structure not only for a depot for charts and instru
meats, but for an astronomical observatory, and for
other scientific investigations.
It cannot but be gratifying to you to learn how
great an interest has been evinced by the learned
societies and scientific men of Europe, as well as at
home upon the establishment of an institution by
the Government, in which a portion of the duties
will be the advancement of science. Great liber-
ality of feeling was expressed towards the officer
sent abroad for the purchase of instruments; and, as
another mode in which their great satisfaction was
shown, extremely valuable presents of books were
made to its liberty through him.
Contracts awarded to the lowesl bidder have been
made the last year for some heavy ordnance; but
the contractors have failed to fulfil their engage-
ments, and, consequently, the guns have not been
procured. The policy of giving contracts for sup-
plies of such importance to the lowest bidder, m
preference to known and experienced founders, is
of qucEUoiiaWe utility, gut such m the present it*
