CONGRESSIONAL GiOBi.
MISSISSIPPI.
WilliajK H. Hammett.
Robert W. Roberts.
Jacob Thompson.
Tilghman M. Tucker.
MISSOURI.
James M. Hughes. James B. Bowlin.
James H. Relfe. John Jameson.  
Gustavus B. Bower.
ARKANSAS.
Edward Cross. <J
MICHIGAN.
1. Robert MeClelland. 3. James B. Hunt, v
2. Lucius Lyon.
TERRITORIAL DELEGATES.
>' Florida.—David Levy.
Wisconsin.—Henry Dodge,
-v Iowa.—Augustus C. Dodge.
TWENTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS,
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 4, 1843.
This being the day fixed by the Constitution for
the meeting of the 1st session of the 28th Congress,
the Senate met and was called to order at 12 o'clock
by Mr. MANGUM, President.
The following Senators appeared in their seats:
Maine—Mr. Evans and Mr. Fairfield.
JVew Hampshire.—Mr. Woodbury and Mr. Ath-
erton.
Vermont—Mr. Phelps and Mr. Upham.
Massachusetts.—Mr. Bates.
Rhode Island.—Mr. Sprague.
Connecticut.—Mr. Huntington.
JVctc York—Mr. Wright and Mr. Tallmadge.
JVew Jersey—Mr. Dayton and Mr. Miller.
Pennsylvania.—Mr. Sturgeon and Mr. Buchanan.
Delaioare.—Mr. Clayton.
Maryland.—Mr. Merrick.
Virginia.—Mr. Rives and Mr. Archer.
Jfmih Carolina.—Mr. Mangum and Mr. Hay-
wood. '
Georgia.—Mr. Colquitt.
Alabama—Mr. King.
Tennessee—Mr. Jarnagan and Mr. Foster.
Kentucky.—Mr. Morehead and Mr. Crittenden.
Ohio.—Mr. Tappan and Mr. Allen.
Indiana.—Mr. White and Mr. Hannegan.
Illinois.—Mr. Semple and Mr. Breese.
Missouri.—Mr. Benton and Mr. Atchison.
Arkansas—Mr. Fulton.
uMr'™VANS Presented the credentials of the
Hon.  Villiam Allen, elected by the Legislature
of Ohio a Senator from that State for six years from
the 4th of March last. He was qualified.
The PRESIDENT presented to the Senate the
credentials of the Hon. Charles Gr. Atherton,
electcd by the Legislature of New Hampshire a
Senator from that State for six years, from the 4th
of March last. He was qualified.
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. Sid-
net Bkeese, elected by the Legislature of Illinois a
Senator from that State for six years, from the 4th
of March last. He was qualified.
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. James
Buchanan, elected by the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania a Senator from that State for six years, from
the 4 th of March last. He was qualified.
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. John
J. Crittenden, elected by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky a Senator from that State for six years, from
the 4th of March last. He was qualified.
.,TA13 presented the credentials of the Hon. W.
£f' , 2,wo?.d> Jr'' elected by the Legislature of
iNorth Carolina a Senator from that State for six
years, from the 4th of March last. He was qual-
ified. • 1
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. Silas
Wright, jr., elected by the Legislature of New
York a Senator from that State for six years, from
the 4th of March last. He was qualified.
Mr. EVANS presented the credentials of the
Hon. J ohn Fairfield, elected by the Legislature
of Maine to nil the vacancy occasioned by the re-
signation of the Hon. Ruel Williams. He was
qualified.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the credentials of
pie Hon. ErHRAlM H. Foster, elected by the Le-
gislature of Tennessee a Senator from that State
from the 4th of March, 1843, to the 4th of March,
1845, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. Felix Grundy. He was qualified.
Also, presented the credentials of the Hon. Spen-
cer Jarnagan, elected by the Legislature of Ten-
nessee a Senator from tKat State for six years, from
the 4th of March, 1841. He was qualified.
Mr. KING presented the credentials of the Hon.
Walter T. Colquitt, elected by the Legislature of
Georgia a Senator from that State for six years from
the 4th March last. He was qualified.
Mr. BENTON presented the certificate of the
Hon. David R. Atchison, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of the State of Missouri a Senator from that
State to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. Lewis F. Linn. He was qualified.
Mr. BENTON presented the certificate of the
Hon. James Semple, appointed by the Governor of
Illinois a Senator from that State, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of the Hon. Samuel Mc-
Roberts. He was qualified.
Mr. PHELPS presented the credentials of the
Hon. William Upham, elected by the Legislature
of the State of Vermont a Senator from that State,
for six years from the 4th of March last. He was
qualified.
Mr. WHITE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Edward A. Hannegan, elected by the Legis-
lature of Indiana a Senator from that State, for six
years from the 4th of March last. He was quali-
fied.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was or-
dered that the Secretary acquaint the House that
a quorum of the Senate had assembled, and that the
Senate was ready to proceed to business.
On motion by Mr. BATES, it was resolved that
each Senator be furnished during the present session
with three such newspapers as he may choose from
any of the States, provided they are furnished at the
usual rates; and that if any Senators should desire
other than daily papers, they be furnished with
them to an amount not to exceed the price of three
daily papers.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the daily hour for the meeting of the Senate should
be 12 o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
The CHAIR having stated that he had been in-
formed by the Secretary that the House was not
yet organized,
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 4, 1843.
The House of Representatives was called to order
precisely at 12 o'clock, by Matthew St. Clair
Clarke, their Clerk, who stated to the House that
he would proceed to the call of the roll of the mem-
bers, for the purpose of ascertaining whether a quo-
rum was present.
The members from Maine having been called—
Mr. Burke of New Hampshire, the first mem-
ber called from that State, having answered to his
name—
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina observed
that, before the Clerk proceeded to the call of the
members from New Hampshire, he would, with
their permission, take the liberty of directing their
attention to the second section of the apportionment
act, and would respectfully inquire of them wheth-
er they had b«en elected in conformity with the pro-
visions of that act.
[Cries nf "order, order; proceed with the call,"
from several.]
The Clerk stated that he had in his possession a
certificate from Mr. Burke, setting forth that he had
been elected a member from New Hampshire.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that he had most respect-
fully called on the members from New Hampshire
themselves. They had not thought proper to an-
swer his inquiry; and he would not, therefore, fur-
ther delay the proceedings of the House than to ex-
press the hope that the members clcct to this House
would meet this perplexing and painful question in
a spirit of moderation, and with a determination to
support the laws and the Constitution of the coun-
try, without respect to party or personal considera-
tions. Without designing that the members elect
to the House should act on this subject in its pres-
ent unorganized state, he would present a resolution,
for the purpose of showing the proper mode of pro-
ceeding in leg aid to it, when the proper time ar-
rived. Mr, C  haying handed up a written paper,
The Clerk stated that he did not consider that he
had any right to read the paper, or to put any ques-
tion in regard to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed that he did not de-
sire to put any question in regard to the resolution,
in the present state of the House. He merely
wished to have it read for the information of tha
House.
Several members having objected to the reading
of the paper, while cries were heard for proceeding
with the call—
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL remarked that
there was no doubt but that the question would be
met by the Hojise with a proper spirit, and that it
would be decided with justice and propriety. He
would suggest, however, to the gentleman from
South Carolina himself, that this resolution, and the
mode in which he offered it, were not in that proper
spirit which he himself had invoked.
Mr. CAMPBELL then directed the Clerk to send
him the resolution, observing that he would read it
himself, which, as a member of the House, he had
a right to do.
[Cries of "we don't know that"'—"go on with the
call."]
The Clerk referred to some precedent establish-
ed at the commencement of last Congress, and stated
that he considered it his duty to receive any paper
offered, but not to put any question in regard to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed that, if there was
anything in the precedents of the last Congress bind-
ing on this, he held in his hand the journals of the
26th Congress, in which a precedent would be found
directly bearing on the present case. He would
now read his resolution, merely to show that no ac-
tion was contemplated by him in the present state
of the House.
The reading being still objected to by several,
Mr. C. did not press the subject further.
[The following is the paper offered by Mr. Camp-
bell:
Resolved, That the Representatives elect of the
Congress of the United States now assembled, by
general consent will proceed, through the acting
Clerk, to call the names of gentlemen whose rights
to seats are not disputed for want of compliance
with the provisions of an act entitled "An act for
the apportionment of Representatives among the
several States according to the sixth census;" ap-
proved June 25th, 1842; and after the names of such
members elect are all called, and before they pro-
ceed to elect a Speaker or other officer, they shall
hear and decide upon all credentials, certificates, or
other claims to seats in the House of Representatives,
under the Constitution of the United States and the
laws of the respective States.]
The roll was then called, and 189 gentlemen an-
swered to their names.
The Clerk then said, if it was the pleasure of the
House to proceed to the election of Speaker, the
members would prepare their ballots.
Mr. BARNARD said he did not rise for the pur-
pose of interrupting the proceedings of the House,
or delaying its organization. He did rise, however,
for the purpose of presenting—and he claimed the
right to do it, as a member of the House from the
State of New York—in his own name, and in the
names of a large number of other gentlemen who
were ajso Representatives on this floor from various
States, a brief paper, which he would read in his
place.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the gentleman from
New York to pardon a single suggestion. He un-
derstood, when the House sanctioned the reading of
the list of members, that it was the pleasure of the
House to proceed to the election of a Speaker; and
therefore it was not in order for the gentleman to
present any paper until the House had completed
its organization; andhesubimtted to the gentleman's
good sense whether he was not proceeding irregu-
larly.
Mr. BARNARD said his own good sense ta ght
him that he, or any other member of this House,
had the perfect right to be heard now, when the
House was unorganized, or when it was organized;
but he should not hoy/ interrupt the organization of
the House but for a moment. He proposed to read
a paper which he held in his hand.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL denied that
the gentleman from New York was taking a course
which he had the right to take. He denied the
right of the gentleman from New York, or any
other gentleman, to read any paper in this House
until it was organized, but according to the rules
of tli? Jiouse, and with its consent anil approbation;
