CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the gentleman from New York must permit
him (Mr. I.) to say, that gentleman knew very
well that, during the last two or three years,
he and many other gentlemen desired to say a great
deal which, by a certain rale, they were not per-
mitted to say. As to the question which the gen-
tleman had anticipated, and which the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Campbell] called a pain-
ful question, he hoped they should hear a great
deal upon it, for it was one on which they owed
it to the people of this country, and to the States, to
debate and to deliberate; but at present he submit-
ted that any discussion was premature and ir-
regular. He (Mr. I.) would use 110 harsh terms;
but he would repeat, that it was irregular in the
gentleman from New York now to read any paper.
If that gentleman had such a right, all the other
gentlemen there had the same right to read papers;
and what would be the conscquence? Why, in the
exercise of such a "right," they would interrupt the
organization of the House; and would it not there-
fore be, if not outrageous, at least preposterous?
There was no occasion for this discussion now.
He could assure gentlemen the question would
not be dodged. The honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell,] they had an
assurance, would present it to the House,
and it must then be debated. Why, then, in
this chrysalis state, between the worm and the
butterfly, suggest difficulties of this kind? They
were not now called for, and he protested against
their introduction. The gentleman from New York
did not say he had a protest, as he (Mr. I.)
thought it would be called. It was merely called "a
paper;" and he asked by what rule or parliamenta-
ry law papers could be brought in to mislead and
disturb them. He submitted to the good sense of
the gentleman from New York if his course was
not irregular and out of order.
Mr. BARNARD said, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was authorized to occupy the time
and attention of the House with a speech of ten
or fifteen minutes, he should like to know by what
rule he was prevented from reading his paper. He
denied that there was any such_rule. They met
there as equals; and was it come "to this, that the
freedom of speech, and their right to open their
lips at all in this House, on any occasion, and
under any circumstances, was to be questioned?
He denied the right of any one to limit the freedom
of speech; and he hoped a proper courtesy and sense
of propriety, which ought to prevail in the House,
would not be sacrificed to an attempt to prevent him
reading the paper he held in his hand. He pro-
posed to commit no disturbance—none whatever.
They were about to proceed in a solemn manner;
and the Clerk had asked the House if they were
ready; and he, (Mr. B.) as one of the members of
that House, wished to declare that lie was not ready,
until he had presented the paper which he held in
his hand—being his solemn objection to the gentle-
men from New Hampshire being callcd. He hoped,
in common courtesy, the House would permit him
to read his paper. [Cries of "Read."] He was
commencing the reading: when
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON rose, and expressed a
hope that the gentleman from New York would not
persist in his attempt to read without the approba-
tion of the House.
Mr. BARNARD hoped the House would silent-
ly acquiesce.
Mr. W1NTHROP said the House should know
the contents of the paper before it was required to
act upon it; and, therefore, he called for its reading
for information.
Mr. BARNARD made a remark respecting the
character of the paper, which did not reach the re-
porter's desk.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said (as he was under
stood) that he then hj.d no objection.
Mr. DUNCAN said, if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had not, he (Mr. D.) had, an objection *-
the admission of that paper. What was the gen-
tleman's object? At what point did he expect to
arrive ? What did he intend to make ? Could it
receive the action of the House ? Did the Clerk
deem himself authorized to put the question 011 that
paper ? If the gentleman would make those disclo-
sures," he (Mr. D.) might act according to the gen-
tleman's wish: but otherwise, any action upon it
would be a perfectly useless consumption of time.
Mr. BARNARD said the gentleman from Ohio
would learn from the reading of the paper what its
purport was.
The Clerk begged respectfully to state to the
House, that, in its present state, he should feel it to
be his duty to put the question on granting leave, to
the House, and not, in his humble capacity, under-
take to decide a question of that importance.
Mr. WINTHROP submitted, that before the
question on granting leave was put, they should
have the paper read, that they might know its con-
tents. The question was, whether the gentleman
from New York should be allowed to present to the
House a paper whose contents would be made
known by its reading. He, therefore, culled for the
unofficial reading of the paper, that they might know
what it was.
Mr. HOLMES protested against the doctrine
that the Clerk, as their presiding officer, could put
no question to the House. If he (Mr. H.) should
move that in the choice of Speaker they vote
either by ballot or viva voce, the Clerk could put it,
and the House would be bound to receive it. If
there was here anything objectionable, let them go
on and vote it down; and if it was a reservation of
the rights of a minority, let them respect them.
Having a giant's strength, let them use it like a
giant.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the gentle-
man be conceded the usual courtesy, and that the
consent of the House be given him to proceed.
Mr. WISE wished to know, if that leave was
given, whether the paper would then be entered on
their preliminary minutes in the journal of the
House.
The Clerk replied that it would, under such cir-
cumstances, be embodied in the minutes.
Mr. WISE said he objected to its going on the
journal, and that objection would overrule his de-
sire to accommodate the gentleman from New York.
The Clerk put the question on granting leave,
and it was determined in the negative; there being
59 in the affirmative, and 124 m the negative.
Mr. BARNARD said he should not make any
further attempt to read the paper; but he wished it
to be understood that the paper was nothing more
nor less than a solemn declaration, on the part of
some of the members of the House, of their opin-
ion of the utter illegality and unconstitutionality of
proceeding to the election of a Speaker with the aid
of certain persons who had answered to their names
from the States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri.
The Clerk next reminded the House that, as no
rules had yet been adopted, there was no form pre-
scribed for the election of the Speaker.
Mr. WELLER moved that the election be made
viva voce, and the motion was unanimously agreed
t°-
Messrs. Campbell of South Carolina, Hopkins,
and Vance, were appointed tellers to take the vote;
and that having been done, they reported, by Mr.
Hopkixs, that the
Whole number of votes was - - 188
Necessary to a choice - - - 95
Of the number of votes given—
Mr. J. W. Jones received - - 128
Mr. John White - - -*59
Mr. William Wilkins - - 1
Mr. J. W. Jokes was, therefore, declared duly
elected, and he was conducted to the chair by Messrs.
Coles and Adams.
Mr. D. H. LEWTIS was appointed to administer
the oath to the Speaker elect, and that having been
done, . ,
The SPEAKER addressed the House m^acknowl-
edgment of the honor conferred upon him, as fol-
lows :
Gentlemen of the House qf Representatives:
Called to preside over your deliberations, I return
to you, gentlemen, my sincere thanks tor this proof
of your confidence, and for the honor confened
upon me, with an assurance, on my part, that I
shall endeavor faithfully to discharge the duties oi
the station which hps been assigned to me; and m
.undertaking to do this, inexperienced as I an
much that relates to this, which, to me, is a new
and untried station, I cannot but feel that I shall
very often have occasion to throw myself upon your
indulgence, and to ask your aid.
The history of parliamentary proceedings in alt
countries proves the necessity of adopting rules for
the government of every deliberative assembly.
They are rendered necessary not only to aid in the
despatch of business, but to shield minorities horn
the encroachments of power, and to protect from
unnecessary and wanton violence the feelings of
those with'whom it may be our duty to act. buoh
rule? £* it ui&y be your pleasure to adopt, it will
become my duty to ex«cute-*-^a . duty ttat I. P|aM
constantly labor to perform with strict impartiality,
with due regard for the rights, and proper respect
for the feelings, of members. --.A :
As the Representatives of a free peqple,. it  wouta
be presumptuous in me to attempt to impress upon
you the just responsibility which belongs- tQ the
representative character, or to point you to those
acts rendered necessary to be performed by us,
which lie so plainly in the path of our duty. The
experience of the past will, I trust, enable ua to
avoid error wherever it may be found, to e.X-
ist; while both duty and patriotism will call
into action our warmest energies to promote
the best interests of our common country.
Bound in a bond, I could hope, of perpetu-
al union, with the highest interests of a
nation of freemen committed to our charge,
may not the hope be indulged, that we may aH enter
upon the discharge of our dudes in a spirit of.kind*
ness and harmony, of conciliation, forbearance,
and mutual respect for each other? Always-remem-
bering that we have passions to control, duties: to
perform, and our country to serve.
Confidently relying, gentlemen, upon your co-op-
eration and support to sustain me in my efforts to
enforce the rules, and to preserve order and decorum
in debate, I enter upon the discharge of the respon-
sible duties which it has been your pleasure to
assign me.
The members were then sworn in, and afterwards ,
some others who arrived at a later hour of the day,
as follows:
From Maine—Messrs. Joshua J. Herriek, Rob-
ert P. Duniap, Luther Severance, and Hahnibal
Hamlin.
From New Hampshire.—Messrs. Edmund Burke,
Johh R. Reding, Moses Norris, and John P.
Hale. ,
From Massachusetts.—Messrs. Robert C- Wm-
throp, Daniel P. King, William Parmenter, Charles
Hudson, John Q.uincy Adams, Henry Williams,
and Joseph Grinnell.
From Rhode Island—Messrs. Henry Y. Cran-
ston and Elisha R. Potter.
From Connecticut.—Messrs. Thomas H. Sey-
mour, John Stewart, George S. Catlin, and Samuel
Simons.
From Vermont.—Messrs. Solomon Foot, Jacob
Collamer, George P. Marsh, and Paul Dilling-
ham. _ „
From New York.—-Messrs.- Selah B. Strong,
Henry C. Murphy, J. Philips Phoenix, William _B.
Maclay, Moses G. Leonard, Hamilton Fish-, Jo-
seph H. Anderson, Richard D. Davis, James Gr.
Clinton, Jeremiah Russell, Zadock Pratt, David L.
Seymour, Daniel D. Barnard, Charles Rogers,
Lemuel Stetson, Chesselden Ellis, Charles S. Ben-
ton, Preston King, Orville Hungerford, Samuel
Beardsley, Jeremiah E. Cary, Smith M. Purdy,
Orville Robinson, Horace Wlieaton, George Rath-
bun, Amasa Dana, Byram Green, Thomas J. Pat-
terson, Charles H. Carroll, William S. Hubbell,
Asher Tyler, William A. Mosely, Albert Smith,
and Washington Hunt.
From Jfeiv Jersey.—Messrs. Lucius ti. L-. li.imer,
George Sykes, Isaac G. Farlee, Littleton Kirkpat-
rick, and William Wright.
From Ptnniytvunia.—Messrs. Edward J. Morris,
Joseph R. Inpersoll, John T. Smith, Charles J. In-
eersoll, Jacob S. Yost, Michael H. Jenks, Abra-
ham R. Mcllvaine, Jeremiah Brown, John fitter,
Richard Brodhead, jr., Benjamin A. Bidiack, ,A1-
mon H. Read, Henry Frick, Alexander Ramsey,
Henry iNes, James Black, James Iryin, Henrys.
Foster, John Dickey, William Wilkms,
Havs, Charles M. Reed, and Joseph Buffington.
From Delaware.—Mr. George B- Rodney.
From Virginia.—Messrs. Archibald Atkinson,
George C. Sromgoole, Walter Coles, Edmund W.
Hubard, Thomas W. Gilmer, John W. Jones,
Henrv A.Wise, Willoughby Newton, Samuel Chil-
ton, William Lucas, Wflliam Taylor, Augustus A.
Chapman, George W. Hopkins, and Lewi* Steen-
10 JVom Mrth Carolina.—Messrs. Thomas JU
man, Daniel M. Barnnger, David S. Relet, an-
mund DebenTj Romulus M. Saunders, James J„
McKay, John' R.J. Daniel, Archibald H. Arling-
ton, and Kenneth Rayner. -
From South Carolina.—Messrs. James A. Black,
Richard F. Simpson, Joseph A. Woodward, Join)
Campbell, Isaac E. Holmes, and R. Barnwell Rhett.
From Georgia.—Messrs. Hugh A. Haralsorij
Absalom H. Chappell, anji Howell Cobb,
f**" ' Wi
