Deft. 1843.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Improvement of the Western rivers, &c.—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Reps.
fore, we need a force in the West, and we are en-
titled to it. If we need a force in the West, and
we are entitled to one, the next inquiry is, What
sort of force?
These Indians are the best horsemen in the world;
they are well mounted; their country is an open
prairie country, not broken, but gently undulating
—suited exactly for mounted men—but a country in
which infantry would be of no servicc against In-
dians. No troops are better adapted to this service
than the dragoons. None, except mounted men, are
fit for the service. As the two regiments of dra-
goons are now organized, they should be kept for
this especial service. Between two and three thou-
sand miles o£.territory are to be guarded. Both
regiments of dragoons should be kept for this pur-
pose; both should be stationed in the West; first, to
prevent difficulties between the Indians themselves;
and, second, to prevent difficulties- between the In-
dians and ourselves. The two regiments would not
be too large a force for the service required. They
"would be scattered along an immense frontier. In
ease of a general outbreak among the Indians, they
would not be sufficient to protect us. By no means.
We should not expect them to do so; but they could
give the alarm, and keep the enemy in check, till
We could prepare to meet them. In cases of serious
'difficulty, we should expect to do the main part of
the fighting ourselves. Both regiments of dragoons,
even if concentrated, would make a force wholly in-
adequate to contend with the host of warriors now
west of us, (sixty thousand,) if they should ever be
United, and brought into action together.
We should not disband either regiment of dra-
goons. They are now organized and mounted. To
sell out their horses and equipments at this time,
Would be to sacrifice them. Both should be kept
mounted, and kept in servicc. They can be kept m
actual service, and will be beneficial to the country in
various ways, besides that of giving protection to
the Western frontier.
• The dragoons will exercise a wholesome influ-
ence over all the westei n Indians. Mexico has an
influence over some of these Indians; and she has no
good feelings towards the United States. A trade is
carried on between Arkansas and Chihuahua,
through the Indian country. The dragoons
can be of service to this trade. A trade is
carried on from Missouri to Santa Fe. The
trade was originally carried 011 at great risk,
both of life and property. Several years ago a com-
pany of mounted men was sent with a caravan part
of the way through the Indian country to Santa Fe.
They impressed the Western Indians with an idea
of the power of this Government; and, since then,
our caravans have generally gone safe. This trade
is important, and should be encouraged and protect-
ed. It gives the Americans a moral influence over
the Mexican population and the Indians contiguous
to them. A trade is carried on between Missouri
and the Rocky Mountains; and the intercourse be-
tween the West and Oregon Territory is increasing.
The dragoons can extend valuable aid to this traae
with the mountains, and to this intercourse with Ore-
gon. Such a force will exercise a wholesome in-
fluence over all the Western Indians. It will be of
vast service in keeping the Indians quiet among
themselves; and it will be as beneficial to the Indiana
as to ourselves, to render them more pacific. Our
population should be extended through all that vast
region to the Pacific ocean. It is now tending in
that direction with a force perfectly irresistible, and
ought not to be cheeked, but should be encouraged.
The route from the West to Oregon Territory should
be settled as rapidly as possible; and, 111 the settle-
ment of Oregon itself—that healthy, and fertile, and
delightful region of country—no time should be lost,
no labor should be spared, and no reasonable ex-
pense should be avoided. The Indian titles to the
land along the route should be extinguished, and the
proceeds of the land, when sold, should be applied
, to the purpose of improving the route to Oregon.
As soon as practicable, the highest navigable point
on the Missouri should be connected with the high-
est navigable point on the Columbia. A railroad
could be constructed for this purpose. This would
bring the trade of the Pacific across the mountains,
and down the Missouri and Mississippi, and up the
Ohio and to the Atlantic, instead of bringing it round
Cape Horn. The trade from the Pacific to Europe
would take the same direction. In this way the
route from Canton to New York would be shortened
from sixteen thousand to a few thousand miles.
This is no visionary project, but one altogether prac-
ticable, It would be the greatest improvement of the
age. The distance across the mountains, from the
waters of the Missouri to those of the Columbia,
cannot be great. If the proper steps be taken, this
work, vast and magnificent as it appears, may be ac-
complished at a day not very distant. In our first
efforts to occupy and settle this country, the dra-
goons will be immensely serviceable. Let them be
retained.
REMARKS OF MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA,
In the Home of Representatives, Dec. 6, 1843—On
the motion of Mr. Barnard to amend the journal
of the House by spreading upon it the protest of
several members against the organization of the
House, whilst the members from Missouri, Mis-
sissippi, New Hampshire, and Georgia, remained
on the floor.
Mr. KENNEDY said:
Mr. Speaker: The twenty-seventh Congress (of
which I had the honor of being a member) attempt-
ed to pass a law commanding the States to send to
this Congress their members by separate and single
districts. I say attempted to pass such a law; be-
cause I hold that the attempt was so cloarly a usur
pation of legislative power, as to render the act a
nullity; and as such 1 shall treat it.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that when this or any other
Congress plainly and palpably transcends its pow-
ers, and usurps authority, it is right and proper,
nay, it is the duty of all good citizens, who are
called on to execute such law, to mark it as indeli-
bly as Cain was marked, by spurning and trampling
upon its pretended authority. As, by the Constitu-
tion, Congress is to be the judge of the election and
qualification of its members, therefore, from the pe-
culiarity of tins pretended law, no other than Con-
gress itself can be the triers of its validity.
When the law apportioning to each State its quota
of members was oil its passage through the last
Congress, I took occasion to say that this portion of
the law was without constituted warrant, and that
it was an unmitigated usurpation of authority with-
out even a "reason of state" to excuse it. 1 then
expressed the hope that I should live long enough to
trample upon it, m token of the utter abhorrence in
which I held it. This, I am thankful, has proved to be
the case; and theie is nothinggivesme greater satis-
faction than the privilege I now have of thus spurn-
ing this miserable effort at usurpation. Sir, solitary
and alone among the delegation of my State m the
last Congress, I voted against this law; and solitary
and alone of all the then delegation, I am again
heie to laise my voice against it. And let me add,
there was no one act of that ill-starred Congress
which had so much influence m sending my then
colleagues to private life as this same act. Mr.
Speaker, my State sends her delegation here by
districts, not because Congies.s commanded her to
do so, but because it is her good pleasme. She did
so before this act passed; but I now lepeat what I
said on that occasion—that if she had been m the
habit of electing by general ticket, and had districted
at the command of Congiess against her own judg-
men! of what was right and proper, then I would
scorn to represent her on this floor.
But it is contended that tire members from Mis-
souri, Mississippi, New Hampshire, and Georgia,
are not constitutionally elected. Gentlemen had bet-
ter not press this question too closely; for if may turn
out, on such investigation, that these ineinbcis are
the only ones who are constitutionally elected; and,
in that case, the minority would oust the majority'.
It may turn out that the Constitution itself'makes
each Sto/e a district, and that neither Congress nor
the respective Legislatuies has the power to cut up
and subdivide such district. But 1 will not enter
into the argument of this question now: if it comes
up again, 1 will then claim to be heard on the sub-
ject. What can be the reasons for pressing this
question now, even admitting the light to district'
Why not go on 111 the good old way under which
we have prospered for the last half cenluiy? Why
attempt to steal a march on members fiom these
States in the argument of this question by attempt-
ing to place this cx parte statement 011 the journals
of the House? Do gentlemen suppose that placing
it on the journals will give it any additional weight,
or that to record it will add to its iviciit? For
my part, I will do nothing that will cast the
least doubt 011 their right to seats upon this
floor. Sir, I would not even lefer the question to a
committee of the House. My course would be,
after the complete organization of the House, in de-
fiance of this pretended enactment, in good time'to
remove from the American statute-book so much of
this act as I contend is null and void; though, in
truth, it needs no repeal. This I would do coolly,
deliberately, and dispassionately; so that all the
world might see with what silent contempt the
American people look upon a usurpation of authority,
whether that usurpation be hy a single individual, or
by a body of men claiming to be the Representatives
of a free people.
This protest (as I believe it is called) is a singular
document. A protest, if I understand the meaning
ot the word, is a dissent from some act done. This
paper does not complain of what is done by the
House, but it complains of what the signers fear the
House is going (o do. This is a singular protest.
But let the merits or demerits of the paper be what
they will, if I were one of its signers, and could not
get on the journal by direction, I would never put
it there by indirection.
REMARKS OF MR. DOUGLASS,
of illinois.
In the House of Representatives, December 19, 1843—
On the following resolution, offered by himself as
a substitute for that of Mr. Wise:
Resolved, That so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to the improvement of the Western
rivers, and harbors upon the Lakes, be referred to a
select committee of nine members.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he rejoiced at the course
this debate had taken. Although much had been
said that did not accord with his own views, yet the
discussion would lead to a beneficial result. If he
had ever entertained doubts as to the kind and
friendly feelings of the South and North towards
the West, suflicient evidence had been given to re-
move all doubts upon the subject. He had regretted
to hear the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy]
draw invidious and odious distinctions between dif-
ferent parts of the country—calling upon the West
to rally en masse against the rest of the Union, and
bidding defiance to all other sections. These de-
nunciations and appeals were alike impolitic and
unjust. There was nothing in the spirit or temper
of the debate which had occurred to justify such
exhibitions of feeling. He admitted that, on all
Western measures which were just and proper in
themselves, Western men ought to act in solid phal-
anx; but he denied that their interests were hostila
to those of other States. The Mississippi river
and its tributaries connect not only the Western
but some of the Middle States with those bordering
on the Gulf of Mexico; whilst the northern Lakes
unite the great Western valley and the Atlantic
coast in the strong bonds of commercial interest.
He would not, on this occasion, refer to statistics to
show the importance, the nature, and the extent of
the commerce carried on between the Mississippi
valley and other portions of the Union by means of
internal navigation. But he denied that the North
and the South had an interest in opposing Western
improvements. Their commercial intercourse was
such as to make it the interest of members from all
portions of the Union to support appropriations
for the protection of commerce on the Western wa-
ters.
Members on this floor, from opposite sections of
the country, seem to take a liberal and enlightened
view of this subject. He rejoiced to hear the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] de-
clare that the whole North was friendly to Western
improvement, and that they claimed to give it their
support upon the ground of patriotism as well as in-
terest. He was no less gratified to hear the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce [Mr. Holmes,
of South Carolina] speak so warmly of the united-
interests, West and South. When Northern and
Southern gentlemen rival each oth^r in the zeal and
ardor with which they support Western interests,
and make it a subject of pride and boasting who
have done, and are willing to do, most in future, he
thought it full time to repel the idea that they cher-
ished feelings and sentiments so inconsistent with
their professions. He could not forbear returning
his thanks for the liberality which gentlemen had
displayed in this discussion; and he hoped they
would follow it up by voting for the appointment of,
and the reference of the subject to, the select com-
mittee which he had the honor to propose at the
opening of the debate.
Mr. D. insisted upon a seleet committee, not be-
