Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Mc Clernand.
H. of Repg.
Mr. Chairman, I will not attempt to pronounce
a eulogium on the character of Andrew Jack-
son. 1 never saw him; I know him only as his
acts are endunngly interwoven with the history
of his country. But this I will say—that, measured
by the finite standard of our own nature, he stands
a full head and shoulders taller than any being to
whom God Almighty ever vouchsafed the form and
faculties of erring humanity. As a military man,
history tells us of no superior in any age or with
any people; but his martial renown, peerless as it
was, was more than eclipsed by the imperishable
glory which, like a halo, encircles the name and
deeds of the far-seeing and sagacious statesman,
whose integrity and whose courage alike revolted at
the blandishments of wealth and the menaces of
power. With his own strong arm, unaided—that
arm which, unsupported,«I might almost say, beat
back, ill the persons of "the conquerors of the
conqueror of Europe," the invaders of his coun-
try—he grappled with the many headed-monster—
the bank oligarchy of the republic; and from
the very pinnacle of the pedestal of their fancied
security dashed them in broken fragments to
the earth, and heard, as a joyful echo to the
groans of their desolation, the shouts of a liberated
people triumphant in the person of their uncon-
querable chieftain; and who felt, after this his
greatest act of deliverance and safety to them, there
were now "none to molest, or make them afraid."
In this, Mr. Chairman, I say the statesman excelled
the general; for a deadlier foe to American liberty,
and more difficult to overthrow, is a British stipen-
diary, with a charter in his pocket, than a British
mercenary with a musket in his hands.
I will vote for this bill in the shape in which it
was introduced; but if any person will move to
amend it so as to declare that this fine was unjustly
imposed on the general, I will vote for the amend-
ment. This is the clear implication; and did I not
so view it, I would not vote to return it at all. This
is the light in which any candid man must view
it. Had the opposers of the bill chose to let it
pass in silence, or, in this discussion, treated its
friends and the general courteously, I would have
been willing to let all the matters connected there-
with rest in the grave of forgefulness; but they have
decided otherwise; and have indulged in flings at the
character of Jackson, and questioned the motives of
his friends. So be it, then. If they want war,
war they shall have; and I, for one, say to them—
"Lay on Macduff.
And damned be he who first cuts hold! enough!"
REMARKS OF MR. McCLERNAND,
OF ILLINOIS,
III the House of Representatives, in Committee of the
Whole, Saturday, 7th January, 1844.
The question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, to the bill introduced by
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll of Pennsylvania, to refund
the fine of $1000 assessed upon General Jackson by
Judge Hall m 1815—
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I had intended, in the remarks I
proposed to myself to make on the question under
consideration, briefly to review the facts connected
with the imposition of the fine now sought to be re-
funded by the bill before the committee, and to make
an argument, such as I best could, thereon, to show
the injustice of the fine, and the justice of refunding
it. But m this purpose I have been ably and happily
anticipated by several gentlemen who have preceded
me m this debate. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Slidell] has favored us with a full and partic-
ular relation of the facts of the case, which, of
itself, in my humble judgment, is conclusive on the
point of the propriety of passing the bill without
the amendments. Other gentlemen on the same
—and among the number the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Weller] and my colleague [Mr. Doug-
lass]—have ably and eloquently considered these
facts; demonstrating, in my opinion, as far as the
light of reason can do so, in such a case, the full
and perfect propriety of passing the bill.
It therefore happens that there is but little, if
anything left for me to add. At the best, I can do
but little more than to glean after those who have
gathered the richest of the harvest. The position,
however, in which I stand in regard to the measure,
makes it a duty that I should at least express my
opinion upon it.
The Legislature of the State of Illinois, the State
jt is my honor in part to represent on ]this floor, at
its last session (now about a year since) adopted
certain resolves, instructing her Senators and
requesting her Representatives in Congress to vote
to refund the fine in question. These resolutions,
according to the intention of the Legislature, were
transmitted by the Governor of the State of Illi-
nois, a copy to General Jackson himself, and
others to her Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
The general responded to the resolutions in a
letter addressed to Governor Ford, in which he ex-
pressed his obligations and gratitude to the Legis-
lature for the kind and friendly consideration which
that body had evinced in his behalf. He spoke as
& man would when he saw a sovereign State inter-
posing its voice in favor of individual and national
justice. He spoke as a man who cherished justice
and a good name—the immortality of a good name
more than the temporary existence allotted to man
here below. His voice has been heard throughout
the State of Illinois, and the length and breadth of
the land, by an attentive and just people; and his in-
vocation of justice will not be in vain; it will rally
those who would do justice to the standard of
triumph, and overwhelm those who obstruct it,
with defeat.
My predecessors in Congress presented these res-
olutions; but, as yet, neither they nor numerous
others of like character, coming from other States,
have been regarded. Having voted for the resolutions
from my own State, as a member of its Legislature,
and feeling myself called on by the resolutions to
give my aid to the object they contermjlate, I am
actuated by a double motive in the part I propose to
take in this debate. Self-consistency and duty to
my State require that I should contribute my feeble
nute of influence to the scale of justice. I shall
therefore do so. In order to this objcct, after what
has been already said, ruy principal endeavor will
be to reply to the objections taken to the measure
before the committee. I can better advance my pur-
pose by directing my remarks to this end than by
treading in the footsteps of those, who have pre-
ceded me in affirming the merits of the bill. The
correctness of a proposition can sometimes as well
be established by obviating the objections made to it
as by affirmative argument.
' The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard]
—whose views on this subject have struck me with
more force than those expressed by any other gen-
tleman on his side of the question—had asked, with
an air of triumph, why it was that this act of justice
had been neglected until this late day—why justice
had slumbered some twenty-eight years, to be waked
up now, on the eve of a presidential election. I
must confess, sir, in candor, that, when this ques-
tion was put, I was struck with its novelty, if not
its force; and, at once, I hardly felt myself able to
answer it satisfactorily. But, from reflection, and a
recurrence to past events, I find that the inquiry is
not attended with that difficulty which at first pre-
sented itself; that the inquiry is based upon an as-
sumption, without foundation in fact, that the people
have thought nothing, or have been indifferent, with
regard to the imposition of this fine—which is not
the fact, but quite the contrary.
We learn that, immediately after the battle of
New Orleans, and the British were driven back up-
on their ships, discomfited and overthrown, the
citizens of New Orleans, then having time calmly to
consider and judge of the wisdom and propriety of
General Jackson's conduct, hailed him as the se-
cond saviour of the country. A historian of that
day says, that "great rejoicing took place through-
out the United States, and especially at New Or-
leans, in consequence of these events; and every hon-
or was bestowed upon the commander-in-chief."
The people of that city, with one accord, took him
to their bosoms, and, in the fullness of their hearts,
invoked upon his head the choicest blessings of
Heaven. Their overflowing gratitude was hardly
restrained within bounds. A ever were a people
more generously gratified, and disinterestedly de-
voted to a public benefactor. This same people,
when General Jackson was brought before Judgs
Hall's court, to ^answer for a contempt of his
authority, in doing what was necessary to the
salvation of the country, but what Judge Hall and his
friends here have denounced as an unwarranted and
dangerous encroachment upon the civil authorities
of the country; cognizant of all the facts of the case,
being eye-witnesses of them, and knowing the mo-
tives and reasons which led to them; knowing that,
without the enforcement of martial law, their city
would have been lost, Louisiana rcduc«d, and the
honor of the country tarnished by defeat, and that,
too, by British arms;—this people, I say, knowing
all these things, and many more bearing upon the
case, disavowed the mock justice of Judge Hall's
court; repudiated it, and would have inflicted upon
him, as a wicked and unjust judge, pains and pen-
alties, well merited in truth by his gross perver-
sions of judicial power, and the contumely and in-
justice with which he was about to treat General
Jackson. In their indignation they would have
reversed the positions of the judge and the accused,
and would have wreaked upon the head of the guilty
accuser the punishment which he had aimed at the
innocent accused, but for the inteiference of the ac-
cused himself.
General Jackson threw himself as a barrier between
the seething flood of popular indignation which
threatened- the destruction of the judge, and there-
by saved him. He said to the trembling and con-
science-stricken judge, "go on and do your duty;"
the same arm which has defended the country shall
defend you against violence." The people were
calmed; the judge was made safe; and he proceeded
to assess a fine of $1,000 against General Jackson,
for doing that which he adjudged to be a contempt,
but which the country adjudged vital to its liberties
and safety. The people (not excepting the generous
fair of the city of New Orleans) promptly offered to
pay the fine; but General Jackson refused, telling
them to bestow their help upon the wives and chil-
dren that had been made widows and orphans by
the battles which had been fought for the defence of
their city and the country.
So then, sir, it appears that if politicians have been
asleep to this act of justice to the venerable hero of
the Hermitage, the people have not; that those most
conversant with the facts of the case at the time the
fine was exacted, condemned the exaction and offer-
ed themselves to refund it.
Again, sir, is it to be supposed that, if General
Jackson had subverted the Constitution and laws
by declaring martial law and failing to obey the pro-
cess of Judge Hall's court, in a case involving the
sacred right of personal liberty, the Legislature
of Louisiana, acquainted with the facts of the case,
would have expressed their gratitude and approba-
cion of his conduct by legislative resolves? or that
the Legislatures of most, if not all, the States, would
have done the same? and also, the Congress of the
United States, all of whom vied in their efforts to do
him honor for his signal services? or that the patriot
and philosopher, Jefferson, would have exclaimed,
in his admiration of the man, that he had "filled the
measure of his country's glory?" Surely not. Be-
cause, if what, the gentleman from New York insists
upon is true, that General Jackson subverted the
institutions of the country, they, by approving of
his conduct, would have made themselves partkeps
crimmis in his guilt.
Even the State of New York, whence the gentle-
man comes, honored General Jackson for his defence
of New Orleans. Mr. Van Buren, as a Senator in
the Legislature of that Slate, offered and urged the
adoption of resolutions of the most complimentary
character to General Jackson for his wise and patri-
otic conduct on that occasion. Tnen, sir, in the ex-
istence of these important facts, we find strong evi-
dence that General Jackson was not guilty of sub-
verting the mtitutions of the country, but that he
was vitally instrumental in preserving them. But,
sir, here is a notable fact connected with the history
of this country. It is, that the rulers of the coun-
try have always lagged behind public opinion in
relation to their duties, and all measures of great na-.
tional concern. In no country, perhaps, docs this
fact stand more prominent than m this.
The people of the colonies were in favor of
throwing off the yoke of British thraldom, and de-
claring their independence, before those who were
in authority could bring themselves to so perilous an
issue. The people of the Union were ripe for the
last war, as a measure necessary to their honor and
safety, long before Congress had the nerve to de-
clare it. They were in favor of the destruction of
that harlot of iniquity, the late United States Bank,
when there were but few, if any, but General
Jackson, to say amen. Finally, under his lead, af-
ter the enemy had been throttled and rendered pow-
erless, the politicians c.nme to his support. The peo-
ple are ten years ahead of the. politicians of the coun-
try in relation to what should be the course of this
Government towards Great Britain; and particularly
in regard to the occupation of the Oregon Territory.
When General Jackson was charged, at the instance
of Mr- Clay, with having violated the Constitntien
