, 5 •
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nation upon its face. Sir, look at the complexion of
this House, and at the complexion of the House
which passed the law requiring the election returns
to be made by districts.' An issue was made upon
that very law throughout the whole country. We
have nothing to fear from it; we are willing to meet
it at all times, and in every form in which it can prop-
erly and legally be presented. But what I do assert,
is, that it is unjust to allow fifty gentlemen to put their
heads together and" draw up a judicial decision, and
make use of the journals of this House to spread
that decision before the public. Whether it be le-
gal or not, it is highly unjust. And I was not a
little astonished when it was offered to be done.
I did think that there was more magnanimity be-
longing to those gentlemen, than to wish to send
forth a statement upon one side, when the other side
cannot be heard. Sir, gentlemen are mistaken if
they suppose, for a moment, that we care anything
about it. We care not if we were all sent back to
our constituents. We would cheerfully return to
them; and we should be warmed in their bosoms.
Let gentlemen not suppose that our seats are so val-
uable to us. We are not afraid to meet the ques-
tion; but we do object to the gross unfairness of
placing upon the journal, and sending forth to the
world, the opinions of fifty gentlemen that we are
sitting and voting in this House contrary to law.
Whenever gentlemen bring up the constitutional
question, we are ready to meet them. As to the
mere fact, however, of allowing this paper to go
upon the journal—as for myself, I would be perfect-
ly willing that it should go a hundred times upon
the journal—but let it be accompanied by the seal of
condemnation upon it—than that it should go forth
secretly. Let it go forth; and let the people see
what are the sentiments of their Representatives here
upon this subject. This is what I hope they will
do; and I trust they will disregard wholly the fact
of its appearing twice upon the journal; and I ap-
peal to them to give their votes according to then-
opinions, regardless of that circumstance. I do
hope that no considerations of this kind will induce
gentlemen to withhold their votes upon this princi-
ple. If the paper goes upon the journal, we have
another method; and we will fill up another ques-
tion. If we live, it shall not stain the journals for
any great length of time.
Mr. BELSER of Alabama next took the floor.
That the question now before the House (said Mr.
B.) is a grave question, cannot be doubted; and,
for one, I must say that I do not admire the feeling
that is displayed by certain gentlemen in arguing it.
I know it would not be proper now to enter upon
the question of constitutionality—the question as
to whether gentlemen who come here, having been
elected under the general-ticket system, have a right
to seats upon this floor. It is not the proper time to
determine this question. The only question now
is, as the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. 11ay-
ner] said yesterday, whether this House shall keep
a correct journal of its proceedings; whether we
shall perform what we have solemnly sworn here
to do, viz: to protect and defend the Constitution. I
do not see any difference in principle between the
question now before the House, and the question
which was before it yesterday. They are part and
parcel of the same, at all events.
The evident object of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Barnard,] and of those who signed the
paper, was, to have it spread upon the journals; and
yet it has never been even read to the House. Now,
we are sworn to keep a correct journal of the pro-
ceedings of this House; and, since I had an oppor-
tunity, yesterday, of addressing the House, and ask-
ing that a portion ofthe journal might be read, I have
examined it, and I am satisfied that the journal of yes-
terday recites precisely what did take place in this
House upon this question. But have we any
knowledge as to the character of the paper which
the gentleman from New York alluded to in his ar-
gument' No, sir. There was nothing said m re-
lation to the character of that paper. There is no
member in the House, except those who signed the
paper, who can precisely know what its character
was.
But let us admit for a moment that this protest is
couched in respectful terms: I want to know by
what constitutional right gentlemen claim to spread
it upon the journals. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution, nor in the rules of the House which I have
seen, which authorizes them to spread a protest
upon the journals. I admit that they have a per-
fect right to demand that the journal should show
the proceedings of the House; but if this paper be
placed there in the manner proposed, the House
would be guilty of a legal fraud. There is lan-
guage in that protest which I, for one, can never
cohseht to see placed upon the journals of this House.
If I could believe, Mr. Speaker, that I had commit-
ted a legal fraud in placing you in that chair,
I should consider that I was unworthy of a seat
upon this floor. I know that this is strong lan-
guage; but the language used upon the other side is
equally strong, and has emanated, I admit, from
respectable gentlemen; but, as was remarked by the
gentleman from Georgia, they have prejudged the
question. I have before remarked, that we cannot
now go into the merits of the question of the consti-
tutionality of the law of Congress, whether manda-
tory or otherwise; that question cannot now come
up; when it does come up, we will be ready to
meet it. I am not prepared to say, as some have
done, that the law of Congress is a nullity. It is a
grave question, and we ought to keep ourselves
uncommitted in regard to it; for upon it de-
pends the organization of this House. I have
not, then, risen to discuss that question; but I have
risen to insist that the journals of this House be
preserved uncontaminated. And I ask the gentle-
man from New York to relieve us of the difficulty,
by putting the matter in such a shape that the ques-
tion may come before the House in the legitimate
and proper manner. I am willing that the contro-
versy should go before the country; and I am ready
to meet the question, and to argue it, according to
the Constitution: but I am not willing, inasmuch as
I have sworn to preserve the Constitution of the
country, to have placed upon the journals of this
House, as a fact, that which exists only in the ima-
gination of the gentleman from New York and his
associates.
Mr. BARNARD desired to say a single word in
explanation, which he should say for himself, and
not for the large number of gentlemen who had
joined with him in addressing their protest to the
House. lie observed that objections had been
urged on the part of certain gentlemen against the
paper presented by him, that it anticipated the ordi-
nary course of legislation, and had prejudged the
question. If there was any justice in this charge, it
would be a grave one; but what was the case pre-
sented? To his mind, it was simply a case in which
gentlemen from several States presented themselves
to the House, and claimed to be members of it, not
only without title, but without color of title. He
repeated, that they came here not only without ti-
tle, but without color of title. They came here un-
der an act of nullification, nullifying a law of Con-
gress—a plain, explicit law, which no man in the
nation could misunderstand. It was for this reason
that he regarded these gentlemen as appearing here
not only without title, but without color of title. Was
he bound, then, to meet these gentlemen as his equals
in the organization of this body' Now, when they
came to an examination of this paper, it would be
found to be addressed to those gentlemen particu-
larly and personally; and there was some slight,
lingering hope in the minds of some of the gentle-
men who signed the protest, that, had it been per-
mitted to be read, they would have refrained from
participating in the organization of the House.
There was 110 prejudging of the case by that pro-
test. It was the proper time for judging this ques-
tion when those members having no titles appeared,
to take their seats and take their oaths as members
of the House. They had now taken their seats
and qualified as members, and there was 110 way of
getting them out but by a judicial process.
He understood the question before the House to
be 011 the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Dromgoole] to strike out that part of the
journal which inserted the resolution offered by him
yesterday. On that question he called for the yeas
and nays-
Mr. HALE of New Hampshire observed that
he could sincerely say that it was with great pain
that he threw himself again upon the indulgence of
the House; but he should be wanting in duty to
himself, and to the people who sent him here, if he
sat silently in his seat, and heard remarks made de-
rogatory to himself and to the State he repre-
sented, without replying to them; not. only remarks,
but arguments spread upon the journal, calculated
to prejudge the question which they presented. The
honowible gentleman admitted that, if it was a pre-
judgment of the case, it would be obnoxious to the
objections that had been made against it; but he de-
nied that his protest had prejudged the case. Now
he would ask the attention of the House to that pa-
per. What was it? Why, in that .paper, the
• • - fou
the Constitution, who, appearing at that tajjje,
and turning to the Searcher of Hearts, solemnly
swore to support the Constitution of their country,
were denominated lawless, and revolutionary, ana
violators of law and order. Here, in obedi-
ence to the laws of their States, and in pursuance
of what they religiously believed to be constitu-
tional law; in the performance of a most solemn du-
ty, and appealing to their God for the integrity of
their purpose, they were branded in this paper aa
lawless and revolutionary. Did not this sound a
little like prejudging the case? To his mind, it was;
and moreover it was, if not disrespeetfiil to the
members referred to, at least unkind. The Legisla- '
turesof their States, in the exercise of their discretion,
and judgment, had solemnly sent forth to the. world
their belief that the law calling on them to district their
States was not binding on them; and, in his heart,
he solemnly believed they were right. He was
willing to stake what little reputation he had, that
that law was a palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion, and that it will not bear the test of scrutiny. -
If he understood anything of courtesy, the gentle-
men excepted to in that paper were not treated in it
in that courteous manner which ought to be used
towards members of this House. They were not
even recognised as members of the House; and,
though they were not exactly styled fellows, they
were referred to as "certain persons" who, the gen-
tleman from New York intimated, had come here-
to commit an act of lawless violence.
The gentleman went further, and declared that he
could not recognise them as his equals. Sir, (said
Mr. H.,) when I ask that gentleman to acknowledge
me as his equal, it will be time enough for him to
refuse it. Mr. H. asked nothing but his constitutional
rights, and it would be for the House, and not for
the gentleman from New York, to pass upon them.
New Hampshire, it was true, was a small State,
but she was strong in the Constitution; and if she
was disfranchised—if anything was done here to
deprive her of her share of Representatives in Con-
fress—it would be the infliction of a blow not on
er, but 011 the Constitution of the country. Where
did New Hampshire get her right to be represented
on that floor? Was it by an act of Congress? No;
it was by the Constitution of the United States; and
it was not possible to deprive her of it, "Mtithout
tearing down the barriers of the Constitution. ' In
conclusion, he expressed the hope that the motion
to strike that paper from the journal would prevail.
It would be doing great injustice to suffer that pi-
per to remain on the journals, and he trusted that
it would not be permitted by the House. He knew
little about the rules of the House, or of parliamen-
tary tactics; but he claimed the possession of com-
mon sense, and if there was not common sense
enough in parliamentary rules to protect the jour-
nals of the House from matter which the House
had solemnly refused to put on them, he thought
that the committee instituted yesterday to revise the
rules ought to have been appointed years ago. It
was high time that the House should take the mat-
ter into consideration now, when it was seen that,
while they were debating the propriety of entering
a paper on the journal, their Clerk had taken that
matter into his own hands, and decided it for them,
by making the entry; and thus, by this sort of leger-
demain, the House was tricked into a decision of
the question they were debating.
Mr. HUGHES would not have risen to say a
word on this subjcct, had it not been for the extraor-
dinary position taken by the gentlemen from New
York and North Carolina. It seemed to him that
they had taken an illegal course. Had it not been
that such course was calculated to prejudge the
case,he should not have opened his mouth till the sub-
ject came up in its proper order, as a legitimate ques-
tion brought before the House in a legitimate manner.
But the honorable member from New York had
said that the gentlemen from four States had come
here not only without a title, but without the shad-
ow of a title to their seats. He (Mr. H.) was pre-
pared to show, whenever the subject came up prop-
erly before the House, that they not only had a title
to their seats, but that their title was as indefeasible
as that of the gentleman himself, or that of any of
the gentlemen who had signed the paper to which
his name was affixed.
The gentleman had modestly—very modestly—
said that he was not disposed to recognise them as
his equals, as to the right of organizing the Bouse,
