18
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Nes, New-
ton, Patterson, Payton, Phoenix, Elisha R. Potter, Bamsey,
Eayner, Cliaries M. Read, Rodney, Rogers, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Albert Smith, Andrew Stewart, Thom-
asson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanrnctcr, Vinton, "White,
Winthrop, Wise, and William Wright—6ti.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL, in pursuanea
of notice given on Monday, asked leave, and intro-
duced the following bill:
AN ACT to refund the fine imposed on General Andrew
Jackson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rtjn esentatu es of
the United States of JimeHca in Congresl assembled, That the
sum of one thousand dollars, paid by General Andrew Jack-
son as a fine imposed on him at New Orleans, the 31st day of
March, A. D. 1815, be repaid to him, together with interest,
at the rate of six per cent, a year, since then, out of any
moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill having been read twice—
Mr. C, J. INGERSOLL moved to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole House, and that it be made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. VANCE of Ohio moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was rejected.
Mr. "WINTHROP observed that there were no
rules of tlie House yet adopted, under which to dis-
pose of bills.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL replied that they had
the rules of the parliamentary law, and that was
enough for his purpose.
The motion of Mr. Chas. J. Ingersoi.i. was then
adopted.
Mr. McKAY said he had a resolution now to of-
fer, that the House now proceed to the election of a
printer. Before he submitted it, however, he wished
to make a few observations in explanation. The
congressional printing- up to 1839 was executed un-
der the operation^of the joint resolution of 1819, but
at that time it was considered that the prices fixed
by that joint resolution were too high; and the whole
subject being submitted to a select committee of in-
telligent members, the result of their investiga-
tions was a very voluminous report, and which
he had then in his desk, recommending a re-
duction in the scale of prices of fifteen per cent.
The minority of the committee, who were gentle-
men of the Whig party, recommended a much
larger reduction—say twenty per cent. At tlie extra
session, the subject of the printer^ compensation
was again taken up, and an examination gone. into.
[Here Mr. McK. read the resolution of'the extra
session on that subject.] The prices were then
fixed at twenty per cent, less than the prices of
1819, under which reduction Gales & Seaton were
elected printers; but, unfortunately, the same majori-
ty who had thus reduced the prices of the printers,
repealed their act at the last session, by adding an
appropriation to the general appropriation bill, suffi-
cient to make Gales & Seaton's compensation equal
to the prices fixed by the joint resolution of 1819.
He did not advert to this fact for the purpose of
censuring the majority for what they did, but to
show how the prices had got up again after hcin^
reduced.
This might seem, to many of the new members
here, to be a small matter: but it would cense to be
so when they learned that the printing of the House
for the 27th Congress, exclusive of the Senate
amounted to $900,000. By this they would see
how much the reduction would amount to. It was
desirous that this reduction should take place before
the election of printer, so that the persons elected
might know what they had to depend upon. Blair
& Rives accepted the office under the reduction of
15 per cent, below the prices of the resolution of
1819; so that they could not object to tho resolution.
Mr. McK. then submitted the 'following resolution,
which was read:
T,Jttl0liflJha£ the H,ouse now proceed to the election of
printer of this House for the 2Sth Congress, uho<e com-
oFtlfe f tlh<Sr.that "'as allowl'd 10 the printer
 im!« v ,e ? 90nSress, subject to such altera,
laSTS?®!.'10 J2 the J°int resolution of the 3d of
-Viarcn, 1819, directing' the manner in which the nrinfinrmf
Congress shall be executed, fixing the priccs theS-oi Ld
providing for the appointment of a printer or printers. '
^•r- KILMER submitted the following as an
amendment, to be added to the resolution:
«wn tllat • ,p,I?nter who may he elected !><- this House
sha serve until Uu, close of the present Congress Tt
wsie o''s .tv,"'1,0 pr0lWeJ "J' Uw I-'"' the puMic
patronage o* the Government shili be sep.u-afi J n,;n Hie
public press; m which event, lus service shall e<a'e
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
Mr. WISE asked for tellers; upon which
On motion by Mr. GTDDINCreL * '
.1 he House adjourned. ,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 7, 1843.
The following Senators, in addition to those who
have been heretofore announced, appeared in their
seats to-day, viz: Mr. Choate, of Massachusetts;
Mr. Barrow, of Louisiana; and Mr. Woodbridge,
of Michigan.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Treasury Department, covering the
accounts of the Auditor for the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the year beginning 1st July, 1841, and
ending 30th June, 1843: which, on motion of Mr.
EVANS, was ordered to he on the table.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was ordered that
Madame Delusser have leave to withdraw her peti-
tion from the files of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. KING, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition of
Goldthwaite and Lyon, of the State of Alabama.
Mr. BARROW gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to settle the
land titles of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. BATES gave notice that he would, at the
earliest day practicable, ask leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of Henry Newman, and a bill for
the payment of the balance due the State of Massa-
chusetts for the service of her militia in the last
war.
On motion, it was agreed that, when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn till Monday next.
Mr. McDUPPlE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Daniel E. Huger, elected by the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina a Senator from that State,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
the Hon. Mr. Calhoun. He wms Qualified.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 7, 1843.
The minutes of yesterday were read.
LIBRARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BTJRTvE asked for the action of the House
on a joint resolution from the Senate in relation to
(lie Congressional Library.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, and con-
curred in, as follows:
Rewired^ That there shah he a Joint Committee on the
Library, to consist of three members on the part of the Sen-
ate and three£members\on the part ol" the House ofRepre-.
seutativei, to superintend and direct the expenditure ofvfche i
monejs appropriated for the library, and to perform such
other duties as arc or may be directed by law.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. NEWTON presented the memorial of Mr.
Goccin of Virginia, complaining of the undue elec-
tion of Mr. Thomas W. G-h.mcr; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Elections to be hereafter
appointed, and was ordered to he printed.
Mr. J. H. ADAMS rose to present the memorial
of John M. Botts, who was contesting the seat—
The SPEAKER here rose, left the chair, and
called Mr. Be\roslf.y to preside for him.
Mr. ADAMS then repeated that he rose to pre-
sent the memorial of John M. Botts, contesting; the
right of Mr. J mix "VV. Jo:\~r.s to a seat in the House
of Representatives of the United States, as a Rep-
resentati-.e of the sixth congressional district of
Virginia.
*3 he memorial was laid on the mule, to be referred
to the Committee of Elections when appointed, and
was ordered to he printed.
The Speaker then lesumed his seat.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the unfinish-
ed business of yesterday, in relation to the election
ot a pi-inter to this House, be now taken up.
Mr. GILMER, begged to say, in relation to the
amendment which he yesterday offered, that, at an
early period, it was his intention to introduce a hill
to divorce the political press of the country from the
public treasury.
. M'"- BARNARD said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was mistaken as to the business now in order.
Hie question pending on the amendment of the
journal was entitled to precedence.
.Fne SPEAKER said he thought not. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, now first in order, was
that m relation to the election of a printer, which
was left unfimsla (1 at the adjournment of the House;
and, when that business was disposed of, the busi-
ness alluded to by the gentleman from New York
would he called up.
Mr. WHITE inquired if flir; business to which
the gentleman from New York alluded was nol
postponed specifically.
The Clerk read the motion, from which it ap-
peared that it was postponed until "to-morrow."
Mr. WHITE contended that questions m relation
to an amendment of the journal took precedence of
all others.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested that the House
should decide the order of precedence.
The SPEAKER still gave precedence to the elec-
tion question.
Mr. WHITE said a correction of the journal was
a privileged motion, and overruled everything else;
he should therefore appeal from the decision of the
Chair; and as the question involved was a very im-
portant.one, he should demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered;] and, being ta-
ken, resulted as follows: yeas 117, nays 55.
So the decision of the Chair stood as the judgment
of the House.
THE LAW OF COPYRIGHT.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL gave notice, that, at an
early period, he should ask leave to introduce a bill
on the subject of copyright.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE IN GERMAN.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted a resolution, directing
3,000 copies of the annual message of the President
'of the United States to be printed in the German
language, for the use of the House, [laughter,] un-
der the direction of the Clerk.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he should like to
know what had become of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, which the House had
just decided had priority overall other business. He
must insist that it be taken up and disposed of be-
fore any other business was acted upon.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The resolution of the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. McKay] was then taken up; which as
follows:
"Re>t>!red, That the House now proceed to the election of
printer ot this Kouye lor tho Osth Congress, hose com-
pensation shall be the same that was allowed to the printer
oi the House for the Sfith Congress, subject to such altera-
tions as may be made iu the joint resolution of the 3d
March. 1819, directing the manner ill which tlic printing of
Congress shall be executed, fixing the prices thereof, anil
providing for the appointment of a printer or printers.*5
And, also, the amendment of Mr. Gilmer was
taken up as follows:
"And that the printer who may be elected by this House
shall serve until tho close oftiie present c ongress unless it
shall, m the meantime, be provided by law that tho public
patronage of the Government shall he separated from the
political press, m which event, his ser\ice shall cease."
Mr. CAMPBELL said he hoped the amendment
to the resolution would not be adopted. He thought
it would be unjust towards the printer, whoever he
might be, to adopt it. It was presumed, that the
printer must necessarily incur considerable expense
for the faithful discharge of the duties which would
devolve upon him. Within a week, a fortnight, or,
at most, a month after this expense had been incur-
red, a Jaw of Congress might be passed to separate
the public printing from the political press. Then, if
this resolution should be adopted, the consequence
would be, the printer, after having incurred all the
expense necessary for the discharge of 3ns duty,
would be turned out, and would necessarily sustain
a heavy Joss*. He hoped the resolution in the form
in which it had been offered by (he gentleman from
iYortii Carolina would be adopted; and that the print-
ei should have his appointment for the whole Con-
gress, or, at all events, for the whole session. He
would in such case be much better prepared for the
discharge of his duty. He had said it would be unjust
to the printer; it would also be so to the publicj in-
asmuch as the printer could of course better dis-
charge his duty to the country, jf there were a cer-
tainty as to the period of his vmployment, than if
it were left m uncertainty. If it should please Con-
gress to pass a law separating the public printing
trom the political press, let it be prospective in its
operation, and not interfere with contracts already
made.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas suggested a modification
of the original resolution, by inserting the word
"hereafter:'^ without which, he &aid, it would not
be, to his mind, sufficiently explicit,
Mr. McKAY expressed his willingness to adopt
the modification.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana said he thought, with the
gentleman from Arkansas, that the resolution should
