32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
as we think proper. I have voted, in times past,
sometimes to refer them, and sometimes to lay them
on the table. I have no sort of hesitation in voting
against the prayer of these abolition petitions at any-
time; yet I think they should be received and sent
to the same committee as the Massachusetts reso-
lution?. We have tried many modes of disposing
of them. They have been referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia; then we sent
them to a select committee, composed mainly of gen-
tlemen from the South, or holding Southern senti-
ments; then we tried laying them on the table; and
now, in these latter days, we have fallen on this new
expedient of shutting the door against them. The
last remedy I look upon as the worst of all. It has
produced more agitation through the country, and
more confusion and contention here, than any thing
done from the foundation of the Government.
What can be the object of refusing a reference? Is
it the prevention of insurrection and murders at the
South? On thatsubject, let me say that I apprehend
(though, to be sure, on such a subject Southern gen-
tlemen may be presumed to know best) that the
slaves, at least the great body of them, are wholly
ignorant of what is done here in regard to them, or
at the North generally; and even should the subject
be debated here, it can, as I suppose, have very
little influence upon the slaves.
Do gentlemen ask what object we expect to at-
tain by receiving these petitions? I answer, the
preservation of harmony between the Northern and
Southern portions of this Union; and, besides that,
the preservation of peace and harmony in this Hall.
It will repress contention; it will keep out these an-
gry and inflamed struggles. What ha3 the refusal
to receive these petitions done but to create
perpetual strife and denunciation? Let us re-
ceive them and refer them to an appropriate com-
mittee. If that committee shall report for our adop-
tion any measure which is unconstitutional or im-
proper, we have power to act upon and reject it.
Suppose a committee shall report in favor of these
resolutions of the Massachusetts Legislature: is
Congress therefore bound to assent' Can we not
take the sense of the House upon the report' And
let me say to gentlemen from the South, if they
adopt this course they will soon find who are their
friends. I do not speak m any party sense. I mean
they will then discover who are friends to the integ-
rity of the' Union'—who are for standing by them
and by the Constitution. But this they never can
discover, so long as they suffer the right of petition
to be mixed up with the question of abolition: nev-
er, so long as they insist on practically destroying
the right of petition. On that question the North
are quite as much united as the South are united on
the subjeat of slavery. Let us both unite on the
Constitution. On that firm, immovable basis, let us
agree to stand, one and all. 1 firmly believe this
is the true course; this is the way to put an end to
all our dissensions. But the remedy of driving pe-
titioners out of doors is a wrong course; it is affront-
ful to them, and in my view a violation of the Con-
stitution. It never will end agitation, either here or
elsewhere. I therefore would beseech gentlemen of
the South to change the question. I pray them to
consider and respect the right of petition. Let them
do this, and they will find the great body of the peo-
ple of this Union rallying around them and with
them. But on what many regard as the question of
the sacred right of petition, they will find, if not a
majority against them, (as in such case I hope they
may,) at least a large and decided phalanx of the
freemen of this country their irreconcilable oppo-
nents.
REMARKS OP MR. SLIDELL
OF LOUISIANA,
Li the House of Representatives, December 29, 1843—
On the bill to refund General Jackson's fine.
Mr. SLIDELL rose and addressed the committee
as follows:
I had indulged the hope—a faint one, I admit—
that a feeling of magnanimity would have induced
our political opponents on this floor to have united
with us in passing this bill by acclamation. I had
a more reasonable, and, as I supposed, well founded
expectation that—apart from all those considerations
which appealed to their feelings as men, and profit-
ing as politicians by past experience—however
much they might inwardly deride and contemn the
most unequivocal expressions of the public will, they
would have outwardly manifested respect, although
fhey did not intend obedience; would have abstained
from discussion, and contented themselves with a
silent vote against its passage. But the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, which, in the
most absolute and unqualified manner, exculpates the
judge who imposed the fine, and criminates him who
paid it, and offers, in the shape of a pitiful gratui-
ty, an indemnity which would be utterly valueless
to its recipient, excepting as an authentic reversal by
the representatives of the people of an iniquitous sen-
tence,—this - substitute, I say, and the remarks with
which it was introduced, present a distinct issue
to this House, from the discussion of which the
friends of the bill are not disposed to shrink.
The original bill expressed no opinion—inculpated
no one. It simply directed the reimbursement of
the fine imposed upon the 3d March, 1815, with
interest; and, in fact, might have been voted for by
gentlemen who approved of the course of the judge,
without any violation of consistency. But we are
now called upon to decide between Dominick A.
Hall and Andrew Jackson; the substitute brings us
to a direct vote on this question, and will make it
necessary for me, in the course of the remarks which
I am about to offer, to refer to matters affecting the
character of a man long since deceased, on which I
would willingly have been silent. I had expected, too,
that the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania—
who, by his position as one of the minority of the
Judiciary Committee in the last Congress, as the
author of the report of that minority on the subject
of the remission of the fine imposed on General
Jackson, and the introducer of the bill now under
discussion, has justly acquired the right to-be its
champion—would have addressed the committee in
its support; and I have but to express my great
regret that indisposition has prevented him from so
doing, and thus relieving me from a duty, grateful,
it is true, to my feelings, but which he was so much
more competent to discharge. I am, therefore, not
prepared to treat the subject as methodically as I
could have wished; and 1 must solicit that indul-
gence from the committee which is so universally
and so kindly extended to new members. I shall
not pretend to enter into any minute investigation
of the facts of the case, or ofler any elaborate argu-
ment in favor of the bill. The able and conclusive
pamphlet which he has published on this subject,
and which, on the introduction of the bill, he caused
to be placed on our tables, seems almost to render
any argument superflous. But I have the honor to
represent the district which comprises within its
limits the plains of Chalmette—the battle-ground of
the 8th January, 1815, the scene of the«most glori-
ous victory that adorns our national annals. This
circumstance, and the peculiar position which I and
my colleagues from Louisiana occupy in relation to
this question, imperatively call upon us for some
expression of our feelings—something more than
the mere recording of our silent vote in favor of its
It has been one of the chief grounds of objection
urged against the reimbursement of the fine imposed
upon General Jackson, that his conduct in relation
to the arrest of Louallier and Hall imputed treason
and disaffection to a large portion of the citizens of
Louisiana; that the original proclamation of martial
law was a gratuitous act of unnecessary rigor, in-
indicative of the despotic temper of the commanding
general; and that, even if it could be palliated or
justified by any supposed necessity at the time of its
adoption, that necessity had ceased to exist before
the occurrence of the circumstances which led to
the imposition of the fine by Judge Hall. It was
urged that, by the passage of an act reimbursing the
fine, the unjust imputation cast upon our citizens by
General Jackson would be endorsed by the legisla-
ture of the Union; and that the delegation from
Louisiana were especially called upon to refute the
slander, by rejecting the bill'. §tk
Such was the ground occupied in the last pro-
gress by our Senators; and such, I presume, was the
reason why a majority of our Representatives on this
floor failed to give the bill that hearty and cordial sup-
port which would certainly hare secured its passage.
1 wish not to be understood as calling in question,
even by indirection, the motives of those who then
represented the State of Louisiana. The Legisla-
ture of Louisiana, at its last session, with a decided
Whig ascendency m both Houses, passed—unani-
mously m the Senate, and by an overwhelming
majority m the popular branch—instructions, di-
recting their Senators and Representatives to use
their best endeavors to procure the passage of a law
to return to General Andrew Jackson one thousand
dollars, with six per cent, per mimrq interest-
being the amount of the fine imposed by Judge D. A.
Hall; and further resolved, that, in case such a law
should not be passed at the next session of Congress,
the Legislature of Louisiana would direct the sum
of one thousand dollars to be paid to him, with in-
terest.
The report of the committee of the Legislature
which accompanied these resolutions affords the
most triumphant refutation of all the charges of in-
justice, tyranny, and oppression, which nave been
so freely brought against General Jackson; and the
documents which are attached to it, embodying the
testimony of some of our most intelligent and esti-
mable citizens, would, even in the absence of all
other evidence, fully sustain the committee in the
conclusions to which they arrived. The important
duty of electing a Senator of the United States for
six years devolved upon this same Whig Legisla-
ture at its last session. The Senator whose term
was about to expire was a gentleman of acknowl-
edged ability, and irreproachable" character—a politi-
cian distinguished for his uncompromising party
fidelity. He was a candidate for re-election; and
yet, in derogation of what may almost be considered
an established usage, he was set aside, and another
member of his party, equally uncompromising in
his political principles, was chosen in his stead.
And why? Because a considerable portion of his
own party strongly disapproved of his course in re-
lation to this bill. I make this statement in no un-
kind feeling. With both the gentlemen who then
represented Louisiana in the Senate, I have been
for many years on terms of friendship—I might
say, of intimacy. I entertain for them the most un-
qualified respect; and my only object, in these re-
marks, is to show that they were not sustained in
this matter by their own party in the Legislature of
Louisiana. The people of Louisiana have ex-
pressed their feelings in a tone equally unequivocal.
The presence here of an undivided Democratic dele-
gation isjthe most significant response that could by
them be given to the question, Shall the fine imposed
by D. A. Hall on Andrew Jackson be refunded?
It is true, indeed, that this was not one of the
issues directly presented in our elections, for no can-
didate could have been found to venture upon a
canvass in any district of Louisiana, and avow his
opposition to the principle of this bill; but the peo-
ple thought it safer to confide its advocacy and sup-
port to those who would discharge that trust with
zeal as well as fidelity. Were the details of this
question as familiar to the people of the United
States generally as they are in Louisiana, or were
the House not composed in so great a proportion
of new members, who may not be acquainted with
the reports and discussions of previous sessions, I
should abstain altogether from any examination of
the case; but I trust, as the subject may be com-
paratively new to some of the members, I may be
permitted to trespass on the indulgence of the
House in making a concise summary of its more
salient points.
1 shall endeavor to be brief; and, consequently,
shall not enter into any examination of the princi-
ples of martial law, or of the law of contempts;
because, unhappily, the declining health of our old
and venerated chief feelingly admonishes us that, if
we do not act at once, instead of pouring oil into the
bleeding wounds of the yet living soldier, we may
probably only have it in our power to render tardy
and insufficient justice to the memory of the de-
ceased patriot. In the autumn of 1814, General
Andrew Jackson, from a fortunate concurrence of
circumstances, which would almost seem to be
providential, was appointed to the command of
the seventh military district, m which Louisiana
was comprised. He had first become known be-
yond the limits of Tennessee by his services at
the head of the volunteer militia of that State, m
the campaign of 1813—'14, against the Creek In-
dians. Although much enfeebled by disease, he,
by his unceasing activity and indomitable energy,
under circumstances the most unfavorable, by a
succession of bold and rapid movements, had, m a
few months, completely broken the spirit of that
powerful and martial tribe, and reduced them to
subjection. He had manifested, on a more obscure
theatre, and against a barbarous foe, those great
qualities which were soon to distinguish him in a
conflict on which the eyes of all nations were turned.
He was about to measure his strength with the
most accomplished veteran generals of the age, at
the head of the most numerous and best appointed
regular army that ever was ranged in battle on this
continent. He had no military experience,
