34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL} GLOBE.
Dec. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
mix himself up th this matter more as a volunteer-
an officious intermeddler—than as a high function-
ary, called upon to discharge a delicate but respon-
sible duty.
But, as I have the-original document now in my
hand, I will state that the date appears to have been
altered both in the affidavit on which the writ was
ordered, and in the order "directing it to be issued,
endorsed on the back of the petition. These alter-
ations are evidently in the handwriting of the Judge;
and, even after close inspection, it would be difficult
to say what was the original date. Claiborne, who
was clerk of the court, swears that it was originally
dated the 6th March; but that, supposing this date
to be an error, he carried the petition to the Judge,
who, at his suggestion, altered the dates to the 5th.
This (to use no harsher expression) appears to have
been a strange liberty to be taken by a judicial of-
ficer ."with an affidavit, out of the presence of the
person who subscribed it. The marshal, Duplessis,
on the contrary, certifies that the original date was
the 5th, which was altered to the 6th; and so also
says Judge Martin, in his history. It was not sur-
prising that General Jackson should have wished to
retain so singular a document. He asked what was
the meaning of all this juggling about dates. He
kept the original petition, with the order endorsed
upon it—giving to the clerk a certified copy. Now,
this writ, if dated on the 5th, was returnable at 11
a. m. of the 6th. According to the testimony of
the marshal, Duplessis, it was not served until the
evening of that day, and consequently after the
time fixed for the return of the writ. I offer this
paper to the inspection of any member who may be
 ^ tQ examjne jt_
On the 6th March, unofficial intelligence of the
signature of the treaty of Ghent was received by
General Jackson; although, by some unaccountable
error of the "War Department, at the same time, and
by the same conveyance, he received an order to levy
additional troops. This intelligence was immediate-
ly communicated to the Btitish General, Lambert,
with a proposition to suspend hostilities; which was
refused. Under these circumstances, Jackson con-
sidered it imprudent to suspend martial law; but, on
the 13th March, official news of peace was received; of
which proclamation was immediately made, the mili-
tia disbanded, and martial law abolished. On the 12th
March, Hall had been conducted beyond the limits
of the camp and released, with orders not to return
until peace should have been proclaimed. On the
27th March, Jackson appeared in the United States
court, to answer to a rule to show cause why an
attachment should not issue against him for a
„ contempt of court. He offered a written defence,
verified by his oath; but the court would not even
permit it to be read, and peremptorily refused to al-
low it to be spread upon the record. On the 31st,
he again appeared in court, when written interroga-
tories were propounded to him, to which he de-
clined answering; when the fine of $1,000 was im-
posed upon him, and immediately paid.
Time will not permit me to enter into a critical
examination of these proceedings. Irregularities
and anomalies of every kind might fee found in
them; but let us recur to a few prominent points as
landmarks in the discussion of the question whether
this fine was properly imposed, and whether it ought
not to be refunded. I will take it for granted (what
no one, at any time, has ventured seriously to con-
test) that Jackson was justified by the circum-
stances in the declaration of martial law on the 15th
December; and I shall also admit, for the purpose
of simplifying the question, (an admission pro hue
vice only; for I utterly reject and repudiate it, as a
principle,) that a judge has a right to punish sum-
marily, and without the intervention of a jury, an of-
fence committed against him out of court. The
essence of every crime, offence, or misdemeanor, or
whatever form, a violation of penal or criminal law
may assume, is the animus—the intention. This is
recognised in the law of contempt: anomalous as that
law may be, a denial of the intention to commit a
contempt would purge the offence. Now, General
Jackson, on his first appearance, in his sworn an-
swer, had negatived all the facts which were neces-
sary to show a criminal intention, in a most able
and eloquent exposition of all the circumstances
winch had determined his action.
I had intended to have read copious extracts from
this admirable defence. Indeed, I feel that to do
full justice to my subject, it would be necessary to
uo so; but the lateness of the iiom* and the darkness j
of-the hall, oblige me most reluctantly to proceed
without reading from it.*
What should have been the effect of such an ap-
feal, made to a dispassionate and unprejudiced tri-
unal? Ought it not to have been received as a full
atonement for any supposed offence? Would not
the dignity of the law, and the sancity of the tribu-
nal, have been sufficiently vindicated, if Judge D. A.
Hall had declared his object attained by the appear-
ance of the victorious General at the bar of his court'
Would it not have been much more magnanimous
to have offered the right-hand of fellowship and con-
ciliation to the man, without whom, all acknowl-
edge, Louisiana must have fallen a prey to the in-
vader? Such was not the course of Judge Hall; and,
to account for his proceeding, it will be necessary to
enter into an analysis of his character and history.
In doing this, I shall diregard the somewhat trite
and stale precept of de mortuis nil nisi bonvm: I do
not acknowledge its general truth; for I see no good
reason why, in an appreciation of character, the
dead should enjoy greater immunities than the liv-
ing. But it is especially unjust in its application,
when living merit is to be injuriously affected by its
operation. Nil de mortvis nisi verum, say I; and to
do justice to General Jackson, it is necesssry to tell
the truth of Judge Hall. He has been cited as a
model of judicial firmness, dignity, and integrity.
As to the last quality, I most cheerfully accord it
truth. So far as the mere absence of pecuniary
bias or corruption goes, I believe him to have been
honest in the discharge of his official duties; and
impartial, so far as his character, habits, and preju-
dices would permit him to be; and it is important
to know these, to form a just appreciation of his
course. Judge Hall was an Englishman by birth.
I do not know whether he had accidentally become
a citizen of the United States by his residence in
Louisiana at the time of the cession, or had taken
the oath of allegiance, and gone through the other
forms of naturalization. Be this as it may—whether
his citizenship was a matter of choice or accident—
he was still an Englishman. The natives of all
other countries, in seeking an asylum on our fa-
vored shores, at once assimilate themselves with
our people, attach themselves to our institutions,
and become Americans, in every sense of the word.
Not so with the Englishman. I do not say this in
disparagement of his national character; because the
very peculiarity of which I speak has its source in
some of the noblest qualities of our nature.
Transplant him where you will, he is still an Eng-
lishman, with an abiding sense of the superiority
of English arms, English valor, English literature;
m short, of everything that is English, and a cor-
responding disposition to underrate and depreciate
everything that does not conform to his own pecu-
liar standard. We have an exemplification of this
in the motto of the Albion—a journal published at
New York, and chiefly patronized by Englishmen :
"Ccelumnon animum mutant qui trans mare currunV'
Place him where you will, he only changes his
sky, and not his skm. The leopard never loses his
spots. Hall could never forgive the raw and un-
educated Tennesseean for having beaten the best
troops of Europe, led by generals who had taken
their diplomas in the school of Wellington. Hall
was not a brave man: he envied Jackson for his
brilliant display of a quality which he did not pos-
sess. I say he was not a brave man; for every one
residing m New Orleans, who, in the invasion of
1814-'15, possessed sufficient strength to carry a
musketj and was not found under arms to repel the
enemy, stands self-condemned as a poltroon and a
coward. His associations were those of a clique
who were opposed to Claiborne, and consequently
to Jackson, because Jackson had manifested great
confidence in Claiborne. He was a man of intem-
perate habits, and of violent temper. I will here re-
late an anecdote, which will enable the House to
judge of the fitness of Dominick A. Hall for the
place which he filled. He had been district judge
of the court of the United States for the Territory
« nn°nUS1nna'1i!;VlthJa Sa-lary' 1 believe> of $2,500 or
t laio he ad°PtIon of the State constitution
in 1812, the supreme court of the State was orean-
ized, and he was appointed one of the judges of
S « nnn ' "w a 7 ,fixed by the constitution
$. ,UUU. He accepted the appointment, and sat
tor a short period id that court. His seat as dis-
tnct judge was of eourse vacated. He, however,
permitted
before a new appointment was made of district
judge, signified his wish to leave the State court, and
resume his old station; and he was reappointed by
Mr. Madison. The motives of so singular a course
were, until very recently, unknown to me, when I
was informed of them by a person whose authority
will not be contested by those who have opposed the
passage of this bill. I refer to Judge Martin, chief
justice of Louisiana, and author of a history much
relied upon by them, remarkable for the bitterness
with which it has assailed the conduct of Jackson
while in command at New Orleans. The constitution
of Louisiana contains a clause providing that all judi-
cial officers may be removed on the address of three-
fourths of the members of both branches of the Legis-
lature, the address stating the causes why the officer
should be removed. With the consciousness thathis
habits would expose him to the opera tion of this ol ause
of the constitution, and knowing how completely
inert is the remedy of impeachment under the Con-
stitution of the United States, he determined to re-
establish himself in the safe asylum of judicial mis-
conduct, which he had temporarily abandoned. He
was not willing to be tried by judges who could
judge" from personal observations of his delinquen-
cies. In the words of Judge Martin, he resigned
his situation on the supreme bench because he did
not choose to expose himself to a remo-s al, for cause,
on address of three-fourths of the members of the
re.
One more argument on this point: the magnitude
of the fine is, in itself, evidence that Judge Hall was
engaged more in gratifying the malignity of his own
feelings than sustaining the violated dignity of his
court. A fine of one thousand dollars, imposed on
a man who had left his log cabin in the wilds of
Tennessee to fly to the defence of a distant section
of the Union! And by whom imposed? By a man
who (to use the strong but expressive term of Jack-
son, applied to other persons) had "skulked from
service in the hour of danger." It is a fact tlia t
cannot be disputed by any one conversant with the
population of Louisiana, and the history of the cam-
paign of 1814,-'15, that, while there are many brave
men who served faithfully in that campaign, and
who have been since opposed to him in politics;
the "skulkers"—the men who retired to the country,
or who evaded service in the field on various and
frivolous pretexts, are, without exception, hostile
to him, and most clamorous against the remission
of his fine. Sixteen or seventeen of the sovereign
States of this great Confederacy have demanded this
,at your hands; their voice is but the reflected ex-
pression—the faint echo—of the wishes of millions
of freemen. Let those who deride the sovereignty
of the people record their votes against this bill.
But your action, to be efficacious, must be prompt.
If delayed for months, for weeks—ay, perhaps for
days—it may arrive too late to gladden the last mo-
ments of the patriot hero "who has filled the meas-
ure of his country's glory."
APPENDIX.
Extract from the sworn answer of General Andrew
Jackson to the rule mi him to show cause why he
should not be punished for a contempt of court.
The respondent, therefore, thinks that he has es-
tablished the.necessity of proclaiming martial law-
He has shown the effects of that declaration; and
it only remains to prove, in answer to the rule, that
the power, assumed from necessity, was not abused
in its exercise, nor improperly protracted in ju 
duration.
All the acts mentioned in the rule took ..lace
after the enemy had retired from the position they
bad at first assumed—after they had met with a
signal defeat, and after an unofficial account had
been received of the signature of a treaty of peace.
Lach of these circumstances might be, to one who
did not see the whole ground, a sufficient reason
for supposing that acts of energy and vigorwere un-
necessary. On the mind of the respondent they had
a different effect. The enemy had retired from
their position, it is true; but they were still on the
coast, and within a few hours' sail of the city. They
had been defeated, and with loss; but that loss was
to be repaired by expected reinforcements. Their
numbers still much more than quadrupled all the
regular forces which the respondent could com-
mand; and the term of service of his most efficient
militia force was about to expire. Defeat to e
powerful and active enemy, was more likely to
operate as an incentive to renewed and increased
exertion, than to inspire them with despondency,
