22
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the resolution of the last session, making inquiries
in relation to the fitness of cotton for tents.
The Treasury account of the expenses of the Post
Office Department.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting estimates of additional appro-
priations for the present fiscal year.
A communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting estimates of appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1845.
Also, the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances.
Mr. 'ADAMS here observed, that he had intend-
ed to make a communication to the House, which
Would necessarily be accompanied by some remarks;
but, at the present late hour, he would postpone it.
for a future occasion. He would, however, take
this opportunity of presenting a resolution to the
House.
Mr. A. then offered a joint resolution for the ap-
pointment of two Chaplains, of different denomina-
tions, for the two Houses of Congress, to interchange
weekly.
The resolution being read and adopted,
On motion by Mr. ADAMS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1843.
Mr. BAGBY, elected by the Legislature of Ala-
bama a Senator from that State from and after the
4th day of March last, was presented to the Senate
by his colleague, Mr. King, and was qualified.
The PRESIDENT, in obedience to the order
taken by the Senate, announced the following as the
standing committees, viz:
On Foreign Relations.—Mr. Archer, chairman.
Messrs. Berrien, Buchanan, Tallmadge, and Choate.
On Finance.—Mr. Evans, chairman. Messrs.
McDuffie, Huntington, Woodbury, and Critten-
den.
0>i Commerce.—Mr. Huntington, chairman.
Messrs. "Woodbridge, King, Barrow, and Wright.
On Manufactures.—Mr. Simmons, chairman.
Messrs. Archer, Miller, Buchanan, and Morehead.
On Agriculture.—Mr. Upham, chairman. Messrs.
Bates, Sturgeon, Semple, and Atchison.
On Military Affairs.—Mr. Crittenden j- chairman.
Messrs. Barrow, Benton, Dayton, and Poster.
On the Militia.—Mr. Barrow, chairman. Messrs.
Fulton, Semple, Fairfield, and Atchison.
Oil JVaval Affairs.—Mr. Bayard, chairman.
Messrs. Choate, Huger, Haywood, and Henderson,
Oil Public Lands.—Mr. Woodbridge, chairman.
Messrs. Tallmadge, Walker, Jarnagin, and More-
head.
On Private Land Clainxs.—Mr. Henderson, chair-
man. Messrs. Haywood, Spraguc, Tappan, and
Colquitt.
On Indian Affairs.—Mr. White, chairman. Messrs.
Morehead, Sevier, Phelps, and Benton.
On Claims.—Mr. Foster, chairman. Messrs.
Wright, Woodbury, Phelps, and Haywood.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Mr. Jarnagin, chair-
man. Messrs. Clayton,Upham, Colquitt, and Hnn-
negan.
On the Judiciary.—Mr. Berrien, chairman. Messrs.
Clayton, Dayton, Walker, and Huger.
On the Post OJfccc and Post Roads.—Mr. Merrick,
chairman. Messrs. Simmons, Jarnagin, Fulton,
and Atchison.
On Roads ami Canals.—Mr. Porter of Michigan,
chairman. Messrs. White, King, Breese, and Stur-
geon.
Oil Pensions.—Mr. Bates, chairman. Messis. Se-
vier, Foster, Evans, and Atherton.
Oil the District of Columbia.—Mr. Miller, chair-
man. Messrs. Bayard, King, Merrick, and Sem-
ple.
On Patents and the Patent Office.—Mr. Phelps,
chairman. Messrs. Porter of Michigan, Bates,
Sturgeon, and Atherton.
- On Retrenchment.—Mr. Morehead, chairman.
Messrs. Miller, Huntington, Fulton, and Hender-
son.
Chi the Public Buildings.—Mr. Dayton, chairman.
Messrs. Breese and Bagby.
To audit and control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.—Mr. Tappan, chairman. Messrs. White
and Porter of Michigan.
On Printing—Mr. Simmons, chairman. Messrs.
Fairfield and Sprague.
~i, 0,1 ®'lSrmed Bills.—Mr. Dayton, chairman.
Messrs. Bagby and Sprague,
Mr. TAPPAN submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That a Committee on the Library of Congress,
and on Enrolled Bills, be appointed on the part of the Senate,
in pursuance of the joint resolution of the two Houses.
Ordered, That the President pro tempore appoint
the said committee:
The PRESIDENT, in accordance with the above,
appointed! Messrs. Choate, Tappan, and Berrien, to
constitute the Committee on the Library; and
Messrs. Hannegan and Atherton the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of Mark
Simpson, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, praying for a pension: referred to the Committee
. on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the petition
heretofore presented by him from Mary Reeside of
Pennsylvania, was ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Eunice
Redington, of the State of New York, praying the
allowance of certain arrears of pension due to her
deceased husband, Jabob Redington; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, ordered, that the
petition ofCapt. John Bosworth, be taken from the
files of the Senate; and, with the additional papers
now presented, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition and papers
of George Davenport, of Rock Island, Illinois, pray-
ing the right of pre-emption to a tract of land on
which he has been residing for a number of years:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial from
the president and directors of the West Feliciana
Railroad Company, praying a remission of duty on
certain railroad iron, which was not laid down in
the time prescribed by law: referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was ordered
that so much of the President's message as related
to the naval service, be committed to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying
the establishment of a mail-route from Washington,
Pa., to Steubenville, Ohio; which, with the petitions
on the files on the same subject, were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Isaac Usey,
of Portland, Maine, praying that certain moneys
wrongfully paid into the treasury may be refunded
to him: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, presented the petition of Polly Edwards, a
widow of a soldier of the Revolution, asking for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the petition ana papers of Thomas Fillebrown, jr.,
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was ordered that
the memorial of the General'Asscmbly of Illinois,
on the subject of reducing the rates of postage, be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from J. T.
Hudson, praying the passage of the bill of the last
session for the settlement of his claim to the Pea
Patch Island: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Central Railroad and Banking Company of Georgia,
asking the remission of duties on certain railroad
iron: referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, it was ordered that
the memorial of the Board of Internal Improvement
of the State of Michigan, praying for the remission
of duties on certain railroad iron, was taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr.BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
lay before the Senate the plan and estimate for a permanent
wharf at Pensacola navy-yard, as designed by James Her-
ron, civil engineer, and approved by the naval commandant
of the station, acting under the instructions of the Navy
Department.
Jlnd fje it further resolved, That the Secretary ot the Navy
instruct Mr Herron to prepare, for the purpose of being
transmitted to the Senate, the plan of a dock, marine rail-
way, or other suitable work, as shall, in the opinion of some
engineer, be best adapted to the locality, and aftord the
greatest facility for the thorough repair of ships-of-war at
Pensacola; accompanied by an estimate of the probable
coat of constructing such work in the most permanent man
ner.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, it wa& ordered
that the papers of John Hutchins be taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, introduced a bill to reduce and graduate
the price of the public lands in favor of settlers and
cultivators; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Caleb J. McNelty, their Clerk, in-
forming the Senate of the adoption of a resolution
for the appointment of two Chaplains for the two
Houses, who are to have a weekly interchange of
service, and asking the concurrence of the Senate
therein^also informing the Senate that the House
had concurred in their resolution for appointment of
a joint Committee on the Library.
The question was then taken, and the Senate con-
curred in the resolution for the appointment of the
chaplains.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EVANS moved that the report be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Finance: agreed
to.
Mr. EVANS then moved that the usual extra
numbers of the report be printed. He said it was
probable that there might be some other part of the
report which it would be proper to refer to some
other committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that there were sev-
eral other subjects embraced in the report, not pro-
perly referable to the Committee on Finance—one
particularly, relating to the warehousing system,
which should go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING suggested the propriety of laying the
report on the table, m order to enable Senators, to
peruse it, and also to decide to what committees it
would be proper to refer the various topics embraced
in it. This suggestion was concurred in.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the motion to print
the report was, by unanimous consent, agreed to,
without reference to the Committee on Printing; and
1700 copies extra were ordered to be printed 1500
for the use of the Senate, and 200 for the Treasury
Department.
Mr. HENDERSON, on leave, and agreeably to
notice heretofore given, introduced a bill to confirm
the survey and location of claims for land in the
State of Mississippi, east of Pearl river, and south
of the 31st degree of north latitude; which was read
twice, and referred to the Commitee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Navy Department, transmitting
an abstract of the expenditure for the contingent ex-
penses of the Navy; which was, on motion of Mr.
BAYARD, referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs ; and a motion to"prmt, to the Committee on
Printing.
.The CHAIR stated that this was the day pre-
scribed by tlie 40th rule of the Senate for the election
of its officers.
Mr. KING moved that the Senate now proceed to
a ballot for the officers: agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Secretary.
The ballot resulted as follows:
Asbury Dickcns received 47 votes, being the whole
number given. He presented himself, and was quali-
fied.
The Senate tlien proceeded to ballot for Sergeant-
at-Arms and Doorkeeper, both being the same
office. The ballot resulted as follows:
For Edward Dyer, - _ - 39
" Robert Porter, - \
" Robert Beale, - j
Blanks, 5
Mr. Dyer being declared to be duly elected, pre-
sented himself, and was qualified.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for an Assist-
ant Doorkeeper; the result was:
For Robert Beale - - - - 23
For Robert E. Horner - - - 23
Blank - _ - 1
There was no election; and the Senate proceeded
again to ballot. The following is the result:
For Robert Beale - - _ - 24
For Robert E. Horner - - - 23
Mr. Beale being declared to be duly elected, pre-
sented himself, and was qualified.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON; the Senate
