m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
harbors; the adjustment of tie land claims of the
ancient inhabitants of Upper Louisiana, bear wit-
ness to the people of Missouri of the zeal and fidel-
ity of him whose loss they so sadly deplore.
But the great question which called forth all the
energies of his mind, was the occupation of the Ore-
gon Territory. Looking at the subject with a pro-
phetic spirit, and the eye of a statesman, he saw, in
the distance, the time when that beautiful land of
hill and dais, of mountain breeze and crystal
stream, should bloom and blossom as the rose, be-
neath the cheerful hand of industry; and he strug-
gled hard to plant alike on the beautiful plains
the American citizen and the American flag. This
was the great work to which he had for years de-
voted all the energies of his soul; and, without re-
pining at the awards of Providence, we all must re-
gret, seriously regret, that he was not spared to wit-
ness its accomplishment. But he lias left it for
others to perform, with his own great efforts as
beacon lights to guide them on their way, and asso-
ciated with the cause of Oregon the glory of a
name—
"A light, a land-mark, on the cliff's of fame."
But he is gone; and while we deplore his loss,
let us not be unmindful of those who are left to
mourn—-ah! deeply mourn, a husband's and a fa-
ther's death. Who can assuage their grief? Who
pluck the rooted sorrow from their hearts? He
alone who "tempers the winds to the shorn lamb."
To His mercy and Divine protection we most hum-
bly commend them.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN,
Resolved unanimously, That, as a testimony of respect lor
the memory of the Hon. L. F. Linn, deceased, the members
of this House will wear the usual badge of mourning lor
thirty days; and that the House do now adjourn.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 13, 1843.
THE DEATH OP SENATOR McROBERTS.
The journal having been read, Mr. BREESErose
and addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: On yesterday the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] performed the
melancholy duty devolving upon him of announc-
ingjto the Senate the death of his distinguished and
■lamented colleague, the honorable Lewis P. Linn.
The feeling and highly wrought, though well-de-
served eulogium, so eloquently pronounced by him,
has done equal honor to his head and heart; and the
remarks of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] upon seconding the motion for
the usual honors to his memory, all conspired to
awaken emotions in me which cannot be described.
From my boyish days the lamented Linn was my
friend; and 1 have often, in my intercourse with
him, had occasion to admire his many noble and
captivating qualities. Let me add the poor tribute
of my praise to his excellence and worth, and min-
gle my grief with that of his other friends, that he
should have been so suddenly struck down in the
midst of his usefulness, and in the noon of his
fame. All who can prize great moral worth, a
chastened ambition, a sincere devotion to country,
and all the more amiable, but less imposing attri-
butes of character, will mourn his loss with unaf-
fected sincerity. Missouri must keenly deplore such
an unlooked-for calamity, and may well claim a
common sympathy for her great bereavement.
Illinois too, Mr. President, has been afflicted by a
similar visitation. Her most cherished son, a na-
tive of her own soil, the honorable Samuel Mc-
Roberts-p-wIio had, unaided by fortune or family
influence, won his way to the high distinction of
Senator in Congress, passing with credit to himself
through many subordinate but responsible stations,
while yet in the prime of his life—is n'ow no more !
This sad event occurred at Cincinnati, on the S7th
of March last, but a few weeks after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, whilst he was journeying home
by the usual river route. Exposed, at that most
capricious season of the year, to the cold and damps
that infest the mountains over which he travelled,
another disease—that of inflammation of the brain—
was added to the one which so severely afflicted him
here; and, in spite of the skill of the most eminent
physicians of that city, it soon proved fatal.
His wife and a few friends were with him, to
soothe his anguish, and to sustain him in that most
trying hour which must come upon us all; and they
witnessed the last ebbings of a life so dear to them,
and so valuable to the country. Appropriate honors
were there paid to his remains; and there they rest,
in the soil of that magnificent valley which gave him
birth.
I have said, Mr. President, that Judge McRoberts
was a native of Illinois. He was so, sir; and the
only one, with a single exception, who has ever had
a seat here from the territory northwest of the river
Ohio. He was the son of one of the earliest pio-
neers, who penetrated, before the peace of 1783, to
that then solitary and untrodden wild. His father
lived to see his son occupy a seat in this chamber,
and still lives respected by all who know him. The
early education of Judge McRoberts was obtained
in the common school-house of the West, in which
officiated, at intervals only, occasional wandering
teachers. After completing his majority, he entered
Transylvania University, and attended a course of
law lectures; and on his return to his home was ad-
mitted to practice, and at once advanced to the front
rank of his honorable profession. He was soon ap-
pointed ajudge of one of the higher courts, until, upon
reorganizing the judiciary, he was sent to the State
Senate. He was afterwards appointed by the na-
tional Executive, attorney of the United States for
that district, and subsequently receiver of public
moneys at one of the most important land offices in
the State, whence he was transferred to the highly
important station of solicitor in the General Land
Office, and thence to a seat here.
Judge McRoberts was selected by the Legisla-
ture of his native State, over many competitors, to
a seat in this body, for his probity, capacity, and
stern and unyielding devotion to the principles of
the Constitution; and, although suffering under the
severest bodily torment from the first moment he
appeared here, at the special session in 1841,
he labored with untiring energy and unremitting
zeal in the business of the Senate, and en-
gaged, with uncommon ardor, in many of its
most important debates. Apparently trembling
on the very verge of life, such, however, was the
intenseness of his mental energy, and his devotion
to the public service, that he daily hazarded that
life at the call of duty; and such were the manifest-
ations of talent he exhibited, that hope was in-
dulged—though his feeble and wasted appearance
mocked it—that a life so valuable would be long
spared to his country, and the highest senatorial
honors be placed within his grasp. Though young,
and unaccustomed to this theatre of action, he nev-
ertheless emitted, whilst here, sparkles of intel-
lectual splendor, presaging for his maturer years a
mental radiance of the greatest brilliancy.
To me personally, Mr. President, his loss is a
severe one, as I had counted much on being his
colleague and associate here, upon the aid I should
receive—wholly unused as I am to the forms and
business of legislative bodies—from his more matured
judgment and enlarged experience.
In his private intercourse, suffering, as he did,
under so much bodily pain, Judge McRoberts may
have been deemed by some unsocial; but it is not
so: he was eminently social among those with
whom he was intimate—possessing a proper share
of human sympathies, and strong attachment
to his friends. But it is as an intrepid states-
man, who never swerved from what he deemed
correct principles, that he is most favorably
known to his constituents and to the country
at large. As such, he exhibited at all times the
high attributes of a great character, and was never
found wanting when it became necessary to prove
how much principle is superior to policy. It is as
such he was greatly endeared to his State, and by
which he was enabled to stamp his name with
honor upon its judicial and legislative history, and
caused it to occupy no undistinguished place upon
the records of this body.
It may be that some whom I now address, and
shall call upon to vote the usual honors paid to the
dead, have been irritated, at times, by the zeal and
earnestness with which he defended his principles
and pressed his honest convictions, thereby arour-
ing feelings so characteristic of our nature, and so
apt to be engendered by party collisions. To all
such I would entreat that the grave be a barrier
to their further indulgence; let all feeling of re-
sentment be extinguished within its hallowed pre-
cincts!
It is for you, Senators, to determine what honors
shall be paid to his memory. I present the resolu-
tions customary on such melancholy occasions.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of bestowing every
mark of respect due to the memory of the Hon.
Samuel McRoberts, deceased, late a Senator from
the State of Illinois, will go into mourning, by
wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, As a further mark of re-
spect for the memory of theHon. Samuel McRob-
erts, the Senate no now adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN said: Mr. President, it is my pur-
pose to second the motion just made by the Senator
from Illinois. It may not be deemed inappropriate
. for me to do so, as the deceased was my personal
friend, and as I was the last of his brother Senators
whose hand he ever touched. Soon after the
close of the last session of Congress, I found him,
on my way to the West, at the city of Wheeling,
dangerously, and, as it soon proved, fatally sick.
His strong desire to reach his home, and to live or
die, as his doom might be, upon the bosom of his
native soil, amid his friends and constituents, had
prevailed upon him to pass the mountains through
weather but too well calculated to aggravate his
malady. The morning after my arrival, he was
borne from the city to a steamer in the Ohio, and I
accompanied him down the river. He was accom-
panied also by a young gentleman in attend-
ance upon him; but what was far more import-
ant to his condition, and grateful to his feelings,
he was accompanied by his amiable wife, whose at-
tentions to him were as assiduous as it was possi.
ble for the most devoted affection of the living to
bestow upon the best beloved of the dying. His
disease was, I believe, one of the forms of consump-
tion—a disease which, it is known, ever flatters its
victim with the hope of life, even in the presence of
death. So was it with him. He seemed not fully
conscious of his proximity to the grave. He spoke
to me—whenever the intermissions of his almost
continuous coughing would allow him to speak of
his friends in this body—of many who are now he-
fore me. But especially did he speak of one who
has since followed him to the tomb. He spoke of
the ever-to-be lamented Linn, the noblest, purest,
and most perfect of human beings I have ever
known. He spoke of him with the feelings of a
brother; for, when confined to his bed with sickness
during the preceding winter, Doctor Linn, as his
friend and physician, had sat by his side like a min-
istering angel, employing, for his relief, all the re-
sources of genius, experience, and benevolence. He
spoke, too, of his own condition—of his hopes of re-
covery—of his desire to spend the intervening vaca-
tion partly in study and partly in travelling for the
restoration of his health. But it was obvious to all
others about him that disease had already too
far wasted away his constitution for those
hopes to be realized. I therefore advised him by
all means to stop at the city of Cincinnati, where
the ablest medical aid might be obtained; and
when his wife united in the expression of the
same wish, he yielded to our imnortunites. I
parted with him at the mouth of the Scioto. A few
hours more brought him to Cincinnati, where he
was received by a highly intelligent and devoted
friend, at whose residence he received all the assist-
ance which medical science and devoted friendship
could offer. He died on the seventh day after we
parted. His eulogy has Just been pronounced by
another, in the beautiful language of sincerity and
truth. I will not disturb the harmony of that Ian*
guage, by an attempt to add anything more than to
say that his eulogy is more fully pronounced in the
actions of his life. In the midst of his manhood,
his utility, and his hopes, he has passed from the
Senate to the grave. Of this, Mr. President, the
■wise Author of our nature forbids us to complain;
but our nature itself obliges us to deplore it. I
second the motion.
The resolutions lwving,been adopted,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 13, 1843.
After prayer by the Rev. S. Tuston, the journal
of yesterday was read.
The SPEAKER announced Mr. A. V. Brown
a.s the member appointed on the Committee of Elec-
tions to supply the place vacated by the resignation
of Mr. Patne of Alabama. *
Mr. ADAMS asked and obtained leave to with-
draw his name from the Commtttee on Manufac-
tures, as ill health would prevent him from servtng
on the committee.
Messrs, Black of Georgia. *od Rjuskm CttA?"
