S§
citizens of praying for a grant of land to
secure the extension of the Wabash and Erie Canal,
from its present termination' to the Ohio river.
Also, a memorial from forty-three Senators of In-
diana- on the.same subject; which were referred
to we -Committee on Public Lands.
Mi*. DAYTON presented a petition from Mary
- MeCaUy widow of Wm. C, McCall, late in the ser-
7 vice of the Uaited.St&tes, praying to be restored, to
^ the pension roll. Also, a petition from Susan Mo
R Culfoch, widow of George B. McCulloch, late a lieu-
IK tenant in the service of the United States, praying to
be restored to the pension roll; which were referred
L to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that he would on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill allowing draw-
back upon foreign merchandise exported in original
packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico; and
- a bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkansas,
who lost their improvements in consequence of the
£ treaty between the United States and the Choctaw
Indians.
OREGON TKRRETORY.
:* Mr. ATCHISON gave notice that he would, on
; the earliest day practicable, ask leave to bring in a
[ bill to authorize the occupation, and to encourage
the settlement, of the Oregon Territory.
I' Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution;
f which, by general consent, was then considered and
t; agreed to, viz:
' Resolved* That the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the-faursiees be referred to the Committee on
Finance, exccpt-so much thereof as relates to a diminution of
the expenses ot-collecting the revenue by abolishing some of
the co licet ion districts, and of some ofiiccs in other districts;
arid so ranch, as relates to duties on tonnage, and light*
monev. and the appropriation ol the same; and so much as re-
lates to the "imposition' of a transit duty upon imported mer-
chandise otiiis parage from one at our ports to the dominions
of a foreign State immediately adjoining the United States
and so much thereof as relates to a warehouse system, and
to the establishment of a j>ort of entry on the southwestern
frontier;—which several subjects are hereby referred to the
Committee on Commerce: and except also so much thereof
as relates" to a more prompt and convenient mode of pro-
ceeding to obtain judicial condemnation of goods of small
' value, which have been seized as having been illegally
imported; and so much as recommends a right;of appeal on
behalf of the United .States from the circuit court to the
Supreme Court, in cases involving the construction of the
revenue laws; and so much as relates to the fees of the
clerks of the circuit and district courts;—which several
subjects are hereby referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary: ami excel.t al:>o so much of the said jeport as re-
lates to the con<ohdation of two or more surveymg Jis>-
frici-;, and the discont:nua:ice of the land officcs 111 certain
ca^e7, v. hich jL hereby inferred to ihe Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
so much of the President's message as relates to the
subject of finance be referred to ihe Committee on
Finance.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, it was ordered that
so much of the message as relates to Foreign Af-
fairs be referred 'to the Committee' on Foreign Re-
lations; and,
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, so much as
relates to commcrcc and navigation was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from Jonathan Ward & Co.j of New York, praying
Cui'trve^s :o. indemnify them for losses sustained hi
7 uavn.-g t.;> return to die Treasurer of
i>:3, su vk to the amount of £,260,940
.is iiicgi.Uy Kmtd by the
referred to the Committee on Fi-
cou^rK'.-.-noe r.
tli United Su
82, \vhioh v
of the Trtasu
nance.
Mr. HUNTINGTON ako gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow, a«k leave to bring in a bill to
regulate the appointment of the Assistant Postmas-
ters General o'f the United Suites.
Mr. MILLER gave notice that he would, as ear-
ly as practicable, ask leave to bring in a.bill making
appropriation for the support of an insane hospital
in ihe District of Columbia; and a bill making ap-
propriation for repaving and repairing Pennsylvania*
avenue, in the city of Washington.
On motion by Mr. M., it was ordered that so
much of the President's message as relates to the
District oi Columbia be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BARROW gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill making an ap-
propriation fur the improvement of the navigation of
the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.
Mr. B. also introduced a joint resolution (which
was read twice and referred) .proposing to detail
from the corps of engineers in the service of the
United States, a competent officer, for the purpose of
freaking m examination and survey of the mKi of-1
the Red river, with a view to determine d the, best
mode of removing the bar and other obstructions to
said river, and appropriating ^2,000 for that purpose.
Mr. BATES, agreeable to notice, and on leave,
introduced a bill for the relief of Henry Newman;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill to refund the balance due Massacha-
setts for disbursements during the late war with
Great Britain; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
* On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was or-
dered that so much of the President's message as
relates to military aflfairs be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. .
Mr. PORTER gave notice of leave to report bills,
not distinctly heard.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files-the papers relative to the
claim of John Martin.
* On motion of Mr. WHITE it was ordered
that so much of the President's message as relates
to the condition of the Indian tribes be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JARNAG1N, it was ordered
that 400 copies extra of the report of the Postmas-
ter General be printed for the use of the Post Office
Department.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table.
JResoh fd, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate all the
information, in the V/dr Bepaxtment on the subject of the
" mountain howiUer," obtained by Lieut. Fremont from the
arsenal at St. Louis, in May last, and taken by him on the
expedition to the Oregon.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the resolution
of the Legislature of New Hampshire for restoring
to Gen- Jackson the fine of $1,000, which was pre-
sented by him on Monday last, was taken from the
table, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following res-
olution; which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the- Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, directed .to furnish the Senate a statement showing
what amount of "money-4s now due> unpaid, to the State of
Mississippi, from the United States, on account, respective-
ly, of the two per cent, fund, the three per cent fund, and
the (hatriburion fund, arising from sales of the public lands
in the said State, on account of each of these several funds,
since July, 1S41—showing the several dotes of payment, to
whom paid, upon what order or authority, ond exhibiting
all the correspondence which has taken place In respect to
each of said iunds between the Tieasurv Bepaitr^eut and
any officer or department of the said Staio oi _\iississippi.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resvhed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate why the act of Congi&bS of
the 2i;th of June. 1834, entitled "An -act to create additional
la/id districts in the States of Illinois and Missouri, and in
the territory north of the State of Illinois,5'has not been car-
lied into eifcet, and the sale* of the lands therein ordered,
as required by the provisions of &aid act.
Mr. TAPPAN gave notice that he would, on the
earlier day practicable, ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution to amend the Constitution of the
"United States, so as to krc-L the term of the judges
of the United Staus courts.
Mr. DAYTON gave noticc that he would, on to-
morrow, aslc leave to bring in a bill to settle the
claim to the Pea-Patch island in the Delaware river.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Bar-
row on Monday last, were taken up for considera-
tion.
RcMi-cd, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
lay beloie the Senate the plan and" estimate for a permanent
whan st fensacoia navy.yard, as designed bj James Her-
rou, civil engm«er, and approved by the naval commandant
of the station, acting under the instructions of the Navy
Department.
And be it further resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy
instruct Mr. Herronto prepare, for the purpose of being
transmitted to the Senate,the plan of such a dock,marine rail-
way, or other suitable work, as shall, m the opinion cf some
engineer, be best adapted to the locality, and afford the
greatest facility for the thorough repair of ships of war at
Pensacola; accompanied by an estimate of -the probable
cost of constructing such work in the most permanent man-
ner.
Mr. BARROW moved the following as a substi-
tute for the second resolution, viz:
J)nd be it further resolved, fyc., That the Secretary of the
Navy transimtto the Senate such a planofadock, marine rail-
way, or other suitable work, to be prepared by a competent'
civil engineer, as shall be, in the opinion of said engineer,
the navy yard at Fensacola; accompanied by an estimate of
the probable cost of constructing such work in the most
permament manner.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Jarnagict on
Monday last, calling upon the Secretary of War for
certain information touching the business transacted
"by the board of commissioners appointed to settle
claims under the Cherokee treaty, came up fbr con-
sideration; and, after a few objections by Mr. Kins
as to the form of the call, were again laid on the
table.
A message was-received from the House bf Rep-
resentatives by the hands of Mr. McNulty, their
Clerk, informing the Senate of the adoption by that
body of certain resolutions, in testimony of respect
for the memory of the' Hon'. Barker Burnell, de-
ceased, late a Representative from the State of Mas-
sachusetts. ~
Mr. BATES rose and said: Mr. President—As
many Senators are now present to .whom Mr. Bur-
nell was not personally known, it is proper I should
state, in few words, who and what Mr. Burheia
was. He represented the district in Massachu-
setts which was so long and so effectively repre-
sented by tlie Hon. John Reed, his immediate
predecessor. He was an inhabitant, and I be-
lieve a native, of the island of Nantucket. He
was a gentleman of singular purity of life and
character; open, direct, manly, and patriotic in liis:,
views and aims—utterly abhorring whatever he
deemed sinister, or selfish and wrong. He was ar-
dent in his temperament, yet kind, humane, and gen-
erous. His mind and his attainments were of a high
order. No man in Congress better understood than
he did the great navigating and commercial interests
of tlie country; or labored more assiduously than he
to promote and advance them.
Mr. Borrell, very early in life, was elected a
member of the House of Representatives in his na-
tive State, and was for several years a member of the
Senate. When General Harrison was inaugurated
President, he took his seat for the first time m Con-
gress. He was one of the four gentlemen who were,
on the first ballot, elected to the present "Congress by
a constituency, than which I know of none more
worthy, and by a vote of approval which was the
crowning honor of his life.
During the long session, Mr. Burnell injured
his health by a too anxious and prolonged devo-
tion to business. He was worse the last sessk n;
and after the close of it, remained in this city. Al-
though in the almost daily hope "and expectation of
returning home to the embraces of his friends, he
was notable. He died in June,by a recurrence of
hemorrhage of the lungs. Moriens rcminiscitur
Jlrgoi. Not only remembering his island home,
he died in the Christian's faith, and in the
Christian's hope. He left a widow, (a lady
with whom it is the happiness of some of
us to have been acquainted,) and, I under-
stand, a son of much promise; to whom, as also
to the numerous friends of the deceased, a just
tribute of respect for his memory by the Senate of
the United States cannot fail to be grateful and
consolatory.
Mr. BATES then offered the following resolu-
tion :
Recoiled, That the ?enate lias received with deep sensi-
bility th., from the House of Representa-
tives, armoanciog tiif <;oath of the honorable Barker Bur-
nell, oi i^a&saeluisete*, v, ho was a member of the last Con ■
gress, and, at the tiu'C of his ric^th, a member elect of ihe
present Congress.
Hi solved, 'Iliat in tol<en of sincere respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate and its officers will wear
ciape upon the left arm for thirty days.
The resolutions were concurred in; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 14,1843.
After prayer by the Rev. S. Tuston, chaplain to
the Senate,
The minutes of yesterday were read by the
Clerk.
THE COMMITTEES.
Mr. Adams having yesterday been excused from
serving on the Committee on Manufactures, -his
place was this day supplied by the appointment of
Mr. Grinnei.i. of Massachusetts.
Mr. Aaron V. Brows having been substituted
for Mr. Payne as chairman of the Committee of
Privileges and Elections, that committee now stands
thus:
Committee of Eiectiom.—Messrs. Elmer of .New-
Jersey, Sclienck of Ohio, Chapman of Virginia,
