m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sbss..
Improvement of the Western rivers.—Mr. Ficklin.
H. of Reps.
REMARKS OF MR. FICKLIN,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives, January 10, 1844—
In Committee of the Whole, on the motion to re-
fer that portion of the President's message which
recommends the improvement of the western lakes
and rivers to a select committee.
Mr. FICKLIN said:
Mr. Chairman: Not being gifted with the spirit
of prophecy, it is impossible for me to know what
is to be the action of Congress in regard to this
question of western improvements. We think it
due, however, to us, that this subject should be re-
ferred to a select committee of its friends; that they,
knowing the interest and resources, developed and
the nation. Their influence upon the social and
"political condition of our Republic is, in my estima-
tion, paramount to all other benefits they confer.
' They make our interests identical. They assimi- •
; fett^-our habits, our feelings, our hopes, and our I
destinies. They do'immeasurably more than any j
. "i Written constitution, however venerable by age or I
- consecrated by revolutionary associations, to bind
. «s together in the bonds of indissoluble union.
The question has been emphatically asked,
"Where shall we obtain the money for these improve-
; • inents? I am not ignorant of the state of our finan-
ces, and my answer to the inquiry is, the money
may be found in the treasury of the , Union—in a
treasury to be replenished by a thorough and search-
ing process of retrenchment, and by the already re-
viving prosperity of the country. We are tola that
nearly nine millions of dollars are necessary for the
next fiscal year to sustain the navy, the -protecting
arm of our foreign commerce. Let us see whether
the pr^ning-knife of retrenchment cannot be applied
here, and something saved, not from our foreign
commerce, but from the mere attendant upon it.
Let the same process be applied to all branches of
the public service, and we shall soon find the means
to sustain our internal as well as our foreign trade.
One word more before I close: The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] remarked the other day, that
the language of the President's message, when speak-
ing of the' 'rivers of the West," had reference not only
to rivers west of the Alleghany mountains, but to all
others, excepting short rivers on the coast, and inlets
of the sea; and the gentleman in this view considered
the Hudson as a "river of the West." Now, what-
ever may be the language used in the message, and
whatever may be that gentleman's interpretation of
its import, I think the House should, in the resolution
of reference, express what is its understanding of the
phrase "rivers of the West." If we understand it
to mean all the important navigable rivers of the
United States, let the resolution say so; but if the
phrase includes only the rivers of the great Western
valley, why let the House say that. With this
view, I desire to introduce an amendment to the
resolution, which shall clearly define the extent of
the reference.
I have said, that however liberal I might be in
my views of the policy to be pursued on tiny great
subject of internal improvements, I did not intend
to overleap the barriers of constitutional legislation.
My own views of constitutional doctrine on this
subject, are those expressed by General Jackson in
reference to the appropriation in the celebrated
Maysville road bill. The position taken by thatgreat
man, on that occasion, is the true one. If the work
is national in its character, the power to legislate upon
it is given by the Constitution. If appropriations are
asked for works of that character, let the subject be
referred to the proper standing committee of the
House. It has been customary to refer this whole
subject to the Committee on Commerce, and I hope
that reference will be made on the present occasion.
Least of all would I send it to a select committee.
Should we raise such a committee, they would soon
find themselves encompassed by serious difficulties;
and, I fear, might over-nurse these interests.
While in favor of all legitimate and necessary ap-
propriations, I believe there is no safety for the
cause beyond the strict limits of the Constitution.
The real interests of the country do not require
Congress to transcend that line. Meantime, be-
lieving also that the respective claims of all local ob-
jects will be best scrutinized with ample justice to
themselves and to the whole country by the stand-
ing committee, I conclude by again expressing my
hope that the subject will be given in charge to that
committee, as designated in the original resolution.
undeveloped, of that section of country, may have
the privilege of presenting them fairly to this body
for its action. Persons in the older States, and at a
distance from us, are not presumed to know our pe-
culiar interests; nor could we expect them to bestow
the time and labor necessary to their development.
Permit me, at this point, to read the recommenda-
tion of the President on that subject:
"In the mean time, the country has been steadily
advancing in all that contributes to national great-
ness. The tide of population continues unbrokenly
to flow into the new States and Territories, where a
refuge is found, notr only for our native-born fellow-
citizens, but for emigrants from all parts of the civil-
ized world, who come among us to partake of the
blessings of our free institutions, and to aid, by
their labor, to swell the current of our wealth and
power.
"It it due to every consideration of public policy
that the lakes and rivers of the West should receive
all such attention at the hands of Congress as the
constitution will enable it to bestow. Works in fa-
vorable and proper situations on the lakes would be
found to be as indispensably necessary, m case of
war, to carry on safe and successful naval opera-
tions, as fortifications on the Atlantic seaboard.
The appropriation made by the last Congress for
the improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river has been diligently and efficiently applied."
The gentleman from the Albany district, in New
York, read the President a lecture, because, forsooth,
he would not class the Hudson river with that of
the Mississippi. Now, sir, I am not here for the
purpose of disparaging the Hudson, or any other
river that has merits; but let each one stand by it-
self. The honorable mention that the President has
made of the western lakes and rivers wins for him
the sincere thanks of the people of that section of
country, without distinction of party. So long ac-
customed to having our claims overlooked, we feel
under obligations not only to the President, but to
the honorable member from the Chaileston (South
Carolina) district, [Mr. Holmes,] to the honorable
chairman of this committee, from the Boston dis-
trict, [Mr. Winthkop,] to the honorable member
from the Accomac (Virginia) district, [Mr. Wise,]
and all others who have in a kindly manner second-
ed our object. The people of my district, and, in-
deed, those of the whole Wabash valley, cannot but
feel the most lively interest m the navigation of the
Hudson river, from the plainest principle of self-in-
terest. The Hudson river, Lake Erie, the Erie canal,
the Wabash and Erie canal, the Wabash, Ohio,
and Mississippi rivers, open a line of intercommu-
nication between the cities of New York and New
Orleans, the northern lakes, and the G-ulf of Mex-
ico. Almost the only obstruction in this great tho-
roughfare, penetrating the very heart of a nation, is
to be found in the navigation of the Wabash river,
between Terre Haute (the terminus of the Wabash
and Erie canal) and the Ohio river.
The Wabash valley has become proverbial as a
corn-growing region. In sixteen counties on the
Wabash, in Illinois and Indiana, they produced
9,235,089 bushels of corn in the year 1840. The
people of New Orleans inquire with the most intense
anxiety, every spring, when will the Wabash boats
arrive? For when they arrive, they expect the mar-
ket to he overstocked with corn, and the price con-
sequently to decline. Then, sir, it is apparent that
the people, upon every foot of the line of this great
thoroughfare, are interested in the improvement of
the navigation of the entire route.
Let us for a moment examine the importance of
the beautiful Ohio, with her thousand miles of navi-
gation, her cities of Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and
Louisville, and her large and flourishing towns,
meeting the eye of the traveller at almost every bend
of the river. There is not a State whose shores are
washed by her waters that does not teem with iron
ore and stone coal.
Let us pass on to the majestic Mississippi, that
mighty river of the world, presenting a length of
two thousand miles, and which, together with her
tributaries, furnish a navigation of twelve thousand
miles. The lead mines of Dubuque, and many
others in the Territory ofWisconsin, the inexhaust-
ible mines of the Galena region in the State of Illi-
nois, and the mines of Shibboleth and Potosi, to-
gether with the vast mountains of iron ore in the
State of Missouri, are found on or near this river.
There is situated upon her shores St. Louis, that
promises, in the enterprise and opulence of her citi-
zens, iii the splendor of her edifices, and the amount
and value of her commerce, to rival her older sis-
ters. To pass by, for the present, Memphis, Vicks-
burg, Natchez, and other important cities and towns
upon her borders, we come to the unrivalled city of
the South, New Orleans, which, in point of com-
merce, need not be second to any city on the con-
tinent. The Ohio and Mississippi rivers penetrate
not only a vast mineral region, but also one of the
most fertile stock, grain, and cotton portions of the
globe. The hoarded treasures of agriculture are
floated upon their tide, and the sails of commerce
and enterprise are spread upon their waters. It
was said of General Washington, "that no country
could claim, no climate could appropriate him, the
boon of Providence to the human race." The same
remark is true of the Mississippi river. It belongs
not to the States it may bound, nor is its usefulness
confined to this continent; but the peasantry of
Great Britain—yea, of Europe, Asia, and Africa—■
may justly claim an interest in the Mississippi, be-
cause it is one of the great channels through which
provisions are transported, and made chcaper to
them. It is estimated that- in this magnifi-
cent valley of the Mississippi, reaching from the
Alleghany to the Rocky mountains, and from the
northwethern lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, there
is a population of more than eight millions of peo-
ple, with a commerce, domestic and foreign, embra-
cing imports and exports, of more than two hun-
dred millions, and paying into the national treasury
about one-half of the whole revenue of this nation;
all of which is more fully demonstrated by refer-
ence to the memorial of "the large and intelligent
meeting which convened at Cincinnati, Ohio, in
January last; and from which I read the following
extracts:
"The number of steamboats employed at this
time in navigating the Mississippi and its tributaries
is four hundred and fifty. The average burden of
these boats is two hundred tons each, making an
aggregate of ninety thousands tons, and their ag-
gregate value, at eighty dollars per ton, is seven mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars. Many of these
are fine vessels, affording the most elegant accom-
modation for passengers, and which will compare
favorably, in beauty of model, completeness of finish,
and all other particulars, with the best of packets in
any part of the world.
"The number of persons engaged in navigating
our steamboats varies from twenty to fifty for each
boat. The average is about thirty-five persons,
which will give a total of fifteen thousand seven
hundred and fifty persons embarked in this naviga-
tion. It appears from the reports of the Louisville
and Portland canal, that more than seven hundred
flat-boats have passed that canal in one year. At
this rate there cannot be less than four thousand
descending the Mississippi; and allowing five men
for each Goat, there are twenty thousand persons
engaged in this branch of the navigation. The cost
of these boats is four hundred and twenty thousand
dollars, which, as they do not return, is an an nualex-
pense; and the expense of loading, navigating, and
unloading them, is nine hundred and sixty thousand
dollars—making the whole annual expenditure upon
this class of boats one million three hundred and
eighty thousand dollars. In 1834, the number of
steamboats in existence on the western waters was
two hundred and thirty, and they were estimated to
carry thirty-nine (?) tons. * * * * * * In ma-
king these estimates, we feel satisfied that, if the
statistics of our trade could be ascertained, they
would greatly exceed our estimate, and that we may
safely assume the aggregate value of the property
floating on our great rivers to be two hundred and
twenty millions per annum."
These great arterial highways are interesting in
another point of view: the mail is now transported
something like five hundred thousand miles upon
these waters, and the rapidity and cheapness of this
mode of transportation are such as to recommend it
to the government. They would form most nn-
-portant links in the great national chain of pest,
routes. Military stores, arms, and munitions of
war, are transported on these rivers to the military
posts on the western frontier; and, in case of war,
the government would be dependent upon the navi-
gation of these rivers for provisions to supply the
army.
The whole number of acres of land in the nine, new
States and the three Territories is something like
four hundred millions of acres, in round numbers.
Of that amount, eighty-eight milhons.have been sold,
and there lias been paid into the treasury for it tho
