38
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then gave the necessary no-
tice.
Mr. JAMESON gave notice that on to-morrow,
or as soon thereafter as practicable, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to repeal so much of the act
approved the £3d day of August, 1842, as requires
the second regiment of dragoons to be converted into
a regiment of riflemen after the 4th day of March,
1843.
Also, a bill making an appropriation for the pay
of horses lost by the Missouri volunteers in the
Florida War.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice to the House that
he would, on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a
bill to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands in favor of settlers and cultivators.
Mr. STEWART of Pennsylvania gave notice
that he would, to-morrow, introduce a bill for the
• conditional surrender of the slock held by the United
States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
to Maryland and the District cities, so as to secure
the early completion of the canal to Cumberland.
Mr. G-IDDINGS gave notice that, on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, he would move an amend-
ment to the 23a rule.
Mr. LEVY, on leave given, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resohed, That the Secretary of th< Navy bo required to
report to the House what "buildings and other structures
there are at the Pensacola navy-yard, and the cost thereof,
what further improvements are required to complete it at- a
yard ior construction and repair of ves^-Is of v\«r, v. itb es-
timates hereof, what plans" lor the improvement of paid
yard have been reported to las detriment byentfmcrr^
employed for the purpose, "whether the paid novv-ym-'l
is in condition to furnish repair* or supplies to v ssels of
any class requiring the same; what amount of appropriation,
specifying the appropriations under their rc«;pcetive head*,
have been made in each year for the improvement of said
yard since its establishment: what number and description
of vessels ore employed as a naval force m the Golf of
Mexico and its neighboring v. -iters; ond v. hat amount of r«p-
pr.ipriation has been made ior the noval service in each j ear
since the adoption of the Constitution.
Mr. JOSEPH R. liVGERSOLL, on leave given,
introduced the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of V/avs ond Voaus be in-
structed to inquire into the expo .hen"} oi introducing a bill
to levy duties upon the importation of tea and cofrbe/
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, also, on leave &iven,
introduced the following resolution, which was
adopted:
Rewired, That the President be rcinontcd to cauce to be
furnished to this House such information as may be on i'.le
in any of the departments, relative to the formation of a
junction between the Atlantic and Pacirie ocean.
Mr. STILES of Georgia then rose and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: At the request of my colleagues on
this floor, 1 rise to add another shade to the "loom
which already pervades this IIouso. Day after day
have we here been admonished from the ton\b";
warning after warning ha\f we for three days suc-
cessively received, and yet it has pleased Him um
whose hand are the issues of life,thai a fourth sun
shall not set until it shall have furnished still (mother
memento of the uncertainty of human existence.
It is, I perceive, a time-honored eusfom of this
House, that the announcement of death is ever fol-
lowed by a cessation from the duties of life. Whether
the practice "to strike our colois" at each repealed
triumph of the "fell destroyer" he designed us em-
blematic of that day when "the wicked shall cease
from troubling1 and the weary be at rest,1' or wheth-
er intended as on opportunity to hsten to the solemn
admonition of our own frail and transitory L< mg,
the object is commendable, and the occasion, if im-
proved, will instruct us in the value of life, its pur-
poses, its duties, and its destination; and enable us
to return again to the world the purer, the better,
and the wiser, from this silent and uninterrupted
communion with the dead. It is not my purpose
(nor indeed would it be my wish,) to pronounce a
studied eulogium, or to bestow unmerited applause
upon the subject of the present resolutions. Eulo-
gies upon the departed have become but equivocal
evidences of merit; and indiscriminate panegyric no
honor to the dead, and no benefit to the living.
Col. John Miijden, born in Savannah, elected by
the citizens of Georgia to the present Congress,
died in his native city on the 15th of October last,
aged about forty years.
Finding himself in early life cast upon the world
without parents and without patrimony, Colonel
Millek—with an energy which ever characterized
him, and which could alone supply the place of the
former and dispense with the necessity of the latter—
devoted himself, with no farther preparation than a
defective early education, to the laborious profes-
sion of the law. After the shortest term of pre-
paratory study, he was admitted to the bar, and be-
came at once an efficient member of the legal pro-
fession. He was soon distinguished among his as-
sociates by perseverance, scuteness, and eloquence;
and by an extensive and lucrative practice, which
almost immediately accompanied his efforts, "he
succeeded (as it is said) in accumulating a proper-
ty abundantly sufficient to satisfy any reasonable
man."
Like the sun of his own native South, he was
warm and ardent in his feelings, true and unwaver-
ing in his course. His errors and infirmities, if ony
lie had, (and none are spotless,) were hut the result
of hi? generous nature; hi? faults were such only as
were fouftd to have grown out of virtue?, and his
heaviest offences to ha\e been grafted by human
imperfection^, upon the best crnd kindest affections.
He was never married. The warmest and ten-
dercst ties were not severed in his death. He left
no parents to deplore, no widow to mourn, no
orphans to weep over his untimely end; but there
docs survive him one, and one alone, of whom it is
not too much to soy that m her all these dear rela-
tions were most tenderly and beautifully blended.
He left a lor.c and single sister, who to him were
these "all in one, and one in all,''1 and who, as the
grave closed over the mortal remains of a fond and
doating brother, must have pronounced an agonizing
farewell to all her earthly kindred, happiness, and
hopes. "May that Being that tempers the wind to
the shorn lamb" comfort her in this the hour of her
utmost need, and sustain her now, shorn of her pro-
tection, against the "wintry blasts" of a cold and
heartless world. Col. Millex served for many
years in the Legislature of his native State; and by
Ins rend mess m debate, as well as his effective and
popular eloquence, he was enabled to accomplish
measures which, conferring benefit on his constitu-
ents and honor on himself, will render his legisla-
ti\e, course long a subject of gratrfal remembrance.
At the last general election for members of Con-
gress in Georgia—not by a district, not by a portion
only of the people, but by the voice of the whole
►State—he was chosen one of her Representatives in
the first branch of the National Legislature.
Hls fellow-edi^en.s had determined for him a
change in the field of his usefulness, but an all-wise
and inscrutable Providence hud ordered for lum a still
greater change—a change from an earthly to a heav-
enly field of labor; and instead, like his colleagues
on this floor, of witnessing on this day the untried
scenes of a congressional life, he is now engaged in
witnessing the "untried scenes of eternity." Let us
not, my colleagues, murmur at our loss, but rejoice
in having reaped the benefit that sad lesson was in-
tended to impart. Time, although the destroyer of
life, is still the friend of humanity: although he holds
in the one hand a scythe wherewith he cuts through
the thread of cur existence, he holds in the other an
hour-glass, whereby he warns us to improve the
portions of duration which remain to run. And to
the members of tins House let the awful memorials
of the dead which have recently been crowded upon
us, impress us all more sensibly than ever with sol-
.emn and suitable reflections. Let them convince us
more clearly "what shadows we are, and what shad-
ows we pursue." And above all, let them suggest,
with a force never before felt, the vanity of all human
attainments, compared with "that wisdom which
cometh from above," "whose ways are pleasantness
and whose paths are peace."
It remains to us only to pay the lost tribute of re-
spect to the memory of the decease, by the adoption
of the usual resolutions, which I now transmit to the
Chair.
Reselled, Thot this House has received with <!cep ren«i-
bihty the communication of the tfeath of the lion. Joh <
a representative of the St9te of Georgia.
Resolved, 1 hat the members of this House w a tesi ity their
respect for the memory of the deceased by weai.i",g crr^e
on the left arm for thuty da„< s.
Resolved, Thnt. as p fm-ther testimonial of respect frr the
memory of the deceased, this House will now 3'.'j0'1rn
The resolutions having been adopted—
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 16, 1843.
.After prayer by the Rev. Septimus Tuston,
The journal of yesterday was rend and a].proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the order of bu-
siness would be a call upon members by Siatr-s for
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BARNARD ro.se to make n suggestion th at
the Hous* this morning proceed to Me election of
p Chaplain. It w.^s now nesily a foilr ghi s.n-.v
the commencement of the session, and ,T- '.c-vicd to
lum that there would be very sreat p'opri'vy m
postponing all other business, and pro'-ccd.n?, by
unanimous consent, to the election of a Chaplain.
Mr. HOPKINS said he hoped the hnsunssof
the House would be proceeded with.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON expressed a desire to
proceed with the references to the various commit-
tees of the subjects v. hich weve to be referred.
Mr. BARNARD said lie would submit a motion
to the House that all other business lie pr-<;pon'd
until the election of Chaplain be concluded, lie
moved a suspension of the rules for this pur; ;,m-;
v.hich was carried, and the House was proceeding
to the election of a Chaplain, when
Mr. McKAY asked, and obtained leave, to of.'er
the following resolution:
Resoli rd, That the report of the Secretary of the Tvevsn-
ry on the state ol the finances be re.erred to the <_ oni.t.r/1*
of Ways and Means, except co much as relates to ;^p"c>Is
from the decisions of cbeuit courts to the Sapr-rae Com: m
certain case*; and ^o much os reives t? p^o'-^cmricr, of r-
tam cases to obtain judicial condcmnf-lion c: soods, and - o
much as relates to the act re^ubting the omouixt ol con;
pensjiion to be ieteined out of fees by clerk - oi c t on \
cueuit courts when the sane person" otxic:_,te; hi l.o'inr,-
pacities;—which .shall be retcrivu to tin ,v oaueittre on Zb'-
Judiciary; and except, also, so much as re;, to t: e cm-
sideration of tv, o or more survey Ins; uktr.ct. nn.-; dl*cr.r-
tinumice oi land otiiccs, which ?Iip]l bo referred to the Coir.-
mittee on rul he hands, and except -so much as rJr*c" to
the establishment of a new poit ef^ntry ci the •-or-h • > o-,a
<-rn Iroi.tu-r, which shall be iviened b/ the Coia^-i.uvc on
Commerce.
Mr. ADAMS opposed the adoption of the resolu-
tion. It was, he said, a very unus'fa! course, to
refer the report of the Secretary of the Treasury to
four distinct committees. The practice, hitherto,
had always been to refer that report to the C:;p-
mittee of Wyys and Means, in the first irstrn^e.
though portions of it might afterwards be ar-nro-
priately refcued to oiher committees. Tbercpoit
of the Secretary of the Tieasurv was an uunortant
document—the most important exc-pt the mciv-oire
of the.President of the United Staies'—ond it xpcmecl
to lum was not divisible, but should he referred en-
tire to the Committee of Ways and ?vlems. lie
hoped the gentleman would either cnisent i u modify
his resolution, so as to refer the whole to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or else he would o.ssi'jn
some reason for the unusual course he proposed to
take.
Mr. McKAY observed, that although it may have
been the practice in tins House to refer the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury to the Committee of
Ways and Means, yet a different pracflec had ob-
tained in the Senate. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had attended to the proceedings of that body
for the last three or four days, he would Imve seen
that the course there taken was such as he had pro-
posed; and it seemed to him it was the proper course
to be adopted. There were, in the report, several
subjects which would more properly come under the
consideration of other committees. TJmt part rc«
\
