Congressional globe.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, was ordered to He on
the table until the like reports were received from
all the other departments, to which time he reserved
the motion to print.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition, signed by
several females, being a board of managers of the
Orphan Asylum and Free Female School of Alex-
andria, praying that Congress will grant them a char-
ter: referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Also, presented a memorial from the president
and directors of the Georgetown College, praying
for an act of incorporation; and a memorial from
the Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
praying for a renewal of their charter; which were
referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition frcmi Jacob
Mitchell and a number of other citizens of Wellfleet,
Massachusetts, praying the passage of a law indem-
nifying them for French spoliations committed prior
to 1800: referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
" '.oils.
r. ATCHISON presented a memorial from a
iumber of citizens of the town of "Weston, in the
county of Platte, Missouri, representing that their
town was laid off on the public lands; that it was
now becoming a town of growing commercial im-
portance; and praying that commissioners may be
appointed, and that Congress would authorize the
purchase, at the minimum price, of the land on
which the town is located: referred to the'Cornmittce
on Public Lands.
Mr. BAGBY presented a petition from Peyton
King, praying that Congress would pass a law to
compel the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a patent for the land therein mention-
ed: referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, it was ordered that
the' petition and papers of Charles E. Sherman be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a
navy-yard or depot at or near Memphis, Ten-
nessee.
Mr. HUGER presented a petition from John
Fraser & Co., praying that Congress would refund
to them some money paid into the treasury under a
forfeiture: referred to the Committee oil Finance.
Also presented a memorial from the vestry and
churchwardens of the Protestant Episcopal Church
of the parish of St. Philip, in Charleston, South
Carolina, praying that certain duties on an organ,
which was burned, may be refunded to them: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also presented a petition from the widow and
children, heirs and devisees of Elihu Hull Bay,
praying that Congress will pass a law, definitively
settling their claim to a certain tract of land: refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the peti-
tion and prayers of Robert Mayo, the representative
of George Mayo.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was or-
dered that the petition and papers of Eneas Mun-
son, praying for commutation pay for revolutionary
services, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, it was or-
dered that the petition of A. -Weeks and others,
praying indemnity for losses sustained in conse-
quence of being disabled from completing a con-
tract by the United States troops, be taken from the
files, and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. W., it was also ordered that
the petition of Joseph Campau, assignee of An-
geliqus Coutant, praying confirmation of his title to
a tract of land, be taken from the files, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, it was ordered that
the petition of Asa Andrews, former collector, of the
port of Ipswich, Massachusetts, praying payment
of a certain sum of money due him on a suit with
the United States; and the petition of Henry Gard-
ner and others, directors of an association called the
New England Land Company,—be taken from the
files, and referred to the Judiciary Committee.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, it was order-
ed that the memorial of citizens of Mississippi,
praying the establishment of a light-house on Deer
Island, on the gulf shore between Mobile and New
Orleans, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of William
D. Cheever.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. McDUFFIE gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, or the earliest day practicable, ask leave
to bring in a bill to revive the act of the 2d of
March, 1833, (usually called the compromise act)
and to modify existing duties on foreign imports, in
conformity with its provisions.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Charles E, Sherman; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING, on leave, introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Caroline E. Clitherell, the widow of Dr. Geo.
C. Clitherell, late a surgeon in the army of the United
States; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BARROW, 011 leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river and its tributaries; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER, on leave, introduced a bill for re-
pairing and repaving a portion of Pennsylvania
avenue, which was read; and the question being on
its second reading, with the view of reference to a
committee—
Mr. KING said that, when he rose to obtain in-
formation from the Chair the other day, whether the
rules did not require that all bills, on their second
reading, before reference, should be read through,
instead of being read by their titles only, the Chair
informed the Senate that such was the requirement
of the rule, and that it would be enforced. That cou rse
had since been acquiesced in by the Senate, and by
himself in particular. He now rose for the purpose
of stating to the Senate that he would not, for one,
insist upon that rigid application which had been
given the rule for several days past, because he
found that it would consume much more time than
he anticipated. His objection to the practice of the
last Congress was, that they frequently passed bills
of importance to a third reading by their titles, with-
out having read the provisions of the bills at all; and
that practice, he considered, did not comport with
sound legislation. He found that if the rule was
adhered to as construed for several days past, a
great deal of time would be consumed. He hoped
it would be the understanding m future, that all bills
would be read the first and second times before ref-
erence to a committee, by their titles only, unless
any Senator should call for the reading entire of
particular bills.
The bill was then read the second time by its ti-
tle, and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WOODBURY submitted tire following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table one day under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
the Senate the value of the imports ot the year preceding
the 1st of October, 1843, distinguishing those free Irom the
other?; also, the value of the exports during the same pe-
riod, distinguishing those of domestic origin from the oth-
ers; and where the returns are not complete for the ia-:t
quarter, estimating the value as near as may he.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of J. P.
Hudson, reported a bill to settle the title to the Pea-
patch island, in the river Delaware; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Jarnagin on
Monday last, calling upon the Secretary of War for
certain information touching the business transacted
by the board of commissioners appointed to settle
claims under the Cherokee treaty, came up for con-
sideration; and were, 011 his motion, again laid on the
table.
The Committee on Printing, through Mr. Fair-
FIELD, their chairman, reported in favor of print-
ing several documents; which was concurred 111 by
Senate.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Breese on Thursday last, was taken up for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate why the set of Congress of
the 26t!i of June, 1834, entitled '-An act to create additional
land districts in the States of Illinois and Missouri,and m the
territory north of the State oi Illinois,'' has not been carried
into effect, and the sales of the lands therein ordered, as re-
quired by the provisions of said act.
Mr. BREESE remarked, that he understood that
the report ot the Commissioner of the General Land
Office would have something to say upon this sub-
j ect. He would therefore move to lay the resohitioii *
on the table: agreed to. 1
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
ton, on Thursday last, came up for considersSto;
and the words "and correspondence" being insertSr
after the word " information " on his motion, was
adopted:
Resolved,' That the President of the United States be re-'
guested to cause to foe communicated to the Senate allthe
information in the War Department on the subject of the
"mountain howitzer," obtained by Lieut. Fremont fyom the -
arsenal at St. Louis, in May last, arid taken by him on ih§ r
expedition to the Oregon. „ •
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Hen-
derson, on Thursday last, came up, ana was adopt-
ed, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, aad is
hereby, directed to furnish the Senate a statement show&g
what amount of money is now due, unpaid, to the State-of
Mississippi, from the United States, on account, respective- '
ly, of the two percent, fund, the three percent, fund, and
the distribution fund, arising from sales of the public Sands ,
in the said State, on account of each of these several hmdg,
since -1'ily, 1841; showing the several dates of payment, to .
whom paid, upon what order or authority, and exhibiting
all the correspondence which has taken place in respeet'to
each of said funds between the Treasury Department '",'1
any officer or department of the said State of Mississippi.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent thereon-
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 11, 1843. •
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to the act for the relief
of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the Rev-
olution," approved 7th June, 1832; so as to place on
the pension roll all who served for certain periods in
the Indian wars of the West, down to the treaty of
Greenville, in 1795. ' !
Mr. HUBARD, under the 24th rule, presented the
memorial of the heirs of Captain Wm. Evans, de-
ceased, for an invalid pension.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Ann Scott, widow of
Major Samuel Scott, deceased, for Revolutionary
bounty land, or commutation pay; both of which
were referred to the appropriate committees. . .
Mr. HUBARD presented the petition of Messrs.
James R. Whitehead, Wm. Walker, Jno. Daniel,
Wm. Watson, and sundry other persons in the
county of Prince Edward, Virginia, praying for the
establishment of a new post-route ; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HUBARD asked leave to withdraw the pa-
pers in the cases of Mrs. Mary Crafton, widow of
Thos. Crafton; and of Mrs. Mary GafTord, widow of
Joseph Gafford; which are now on file, in the Clerk's
office, and were improperly referred last Congress
to one of the standing committees, instead of being
forwarded to one of the departments.
Mr. DANA gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to bring in a bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege of Senators and members of the-House
of Representatives, and to regulate the amount of-
their compensation.
Mr. ASHE gave notice that he would, to-morrow,
ask leave to bring 111 a bill to establish a naval depot
at Memphis, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. STEENROD gave notice that he would, to-
11101 row, ask leave to bring to bring in a bill making
compensation to pension agents.
On motion of Mr. STEENROD, leave was given
to withdraw the memorial in relation to the salary of
Judge Pennybacker.
Mr. HUd-HES gave notice that he Would, on
Wednesday next, or at some future day, introduce
a bill for the organization of a territorial government,
to be called the Oregon Territory, and for other pur-
poses; and also a bill to estab lish a port of entry at
Independence, in Jackson county, Missouri; and also
a bill for sun eying and constructing a military road
from fort Leavenworth, west of the State of Mis-
souri, to the mouth of the Columbia river in the
Oregon Territory, and for establishing military posts
on the same, to give protection to the emigrants to
said Territory.
Mr. HUNT submitted the following resolution;
which was read:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, (two-
thirds of both Houses concurring) That the iollowing amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States bo proposed
to the several States, to be valid to all intents and pBJySitij
